what they have by Elizabeth chomko somewhere , a clock tick . we be close on a black and white photograph . in a simple frame , it be nestle among the evergreen needle of a moonlit Christmas tree . it 's the summer of ' 61 . a young man stand in front of a movie theatre , hold a young woman in he arm . her leg hang limp over he forearm . they grin madly at we . with the tick of the clock , another photo on the tree : the same couple . 1962 . she beam from a armchair in dark taffeta ; he rest on the chair arm in navy dress blue . a tiny diamond on she hand . a cane against she skirt . another tick , another photo : Black and white , 1968 . he 's dash in a suit and buddy Holly glass . she 's stun , a strapless gown and opera glove . they be bert and RUTH keller . and this be a love story . int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night the same clock tick here too . a pair of feet touch down on blue shag carpete . the foot be small , old , the toe polished red . the foot pad softly over the carpet . in the silvery moonlight , blue vein peek through translucent skin . int . oak park condo - live room - night on the tree -- Three more photo : 70 , black and white . a infant in a christen gown . 70 , color . the same child , now 3 , on a darling white rocker , wear a darling yellow dress . 70 , color . a Christmas Card . the child be 6 now , hold she baby brother . bert and Ruth sit on either side . she be BRIDGET . and this love story belong to she . int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night RUTH , now late 60 , sit on a chair , she leg silhouett in the moonlit window as she pull on silk knee-highs . she be thin now , but not frail . she be still very beautiful . int . oak park condo - night on the tree -- a series of early 80s wedding portrait : Bridget be a young bride , in head to toe lace , smile lovingly at eddie , handsome , top hat and tail . bert burst with joy as he give he father - of - the-bride speech , scotch in one hand , cigarette in the other . int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night Ruth select pearl earring from a jewelry box . a rosary be drape over the mirror , funeral card tuck into it 's frame . in the bed behind she , bert , now 70 , be sound asleep . on the tree : 1990 . Bridget look down at a infant of she own . 1990 . her brother , nick , graduation gown , stand on the lawn of a midwestern college , flanke proudly by bert and Ruth . 1990 . two Polaroid , frame side by side . in one , Nick sit in a canoe hold a huge rainbow trout . in the other , bert be in the same canoe , hold a tiny minnow . int . oak park condo - hallway - night in the moonlight , Ruth step to a long antique mail table . she fluff she hair in the mirror above it . on the tree : 1990 . Bridget walk down a Chicago street , beam at we , hold the hand of two little girl . int . oak park condo - hallway - night Ruth pull a short jacket from the hall closet and drape it over she shoulder . she lift she purse from the table and start down the hall . on the tree : 2005 . bert sit in a hammock , Ruth on he lap . she kiss he like she mean it , dislodge he rose- tinted glass . he grin at we like the cheshire cat . as the clock tick , we pull slowly back , and back , and back . there be light on this tree . a garland of star . but no ornament . just the picture we have see and a dozen other . we pull back further . sheer white curtain float in a breeze , frame sliding glass door , open just wide enough for ... Ruth to stand between they . she face the snowy night . her purse dangle at she side . under the jacket , she white nightgown glow in the moonlight . in she sensible heel , she step into the snow . ext . oak park condo - back alley - night Ruth walk away from we , frame by the alley , through the immaculate blanket of snow . and then , slowly , the image of she fade from frame . until she footprint be the only evidence she be there at all . title card what they have ext . menlo park subdivision - night Gray light be just beginning to crack over the horizon . BRIDGET , now 40s , in athletic gear , sprint down a street of basically identical house , basically identically decorate for the holiday with tidy string of white light . she pick up she pace , racing now , faster and faster , hit agony , push past it , around the corner into a cul - de - sac ... 4 . she come to a stop in front of another basically identical house , the only one with color light strung out front . chest heaving , she put she hand on she knee and recover . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - kitchen - day eddie , now late 40s , in a bathrobe , pour himself cereal in they high - ceiling , well - appoint kitchen . Bridget come in with the newspaper . in silence , she pour coffee . they weave around each other , a chilly , well - practice dance . they settle on either side of the counter with coffee and breakfast . he peruse the Business section , she the Arts . without look up from they papers : eddie you be pick up Emma ? BRIDGET yep . int . dorm - emma's floor - day at the end of a long , near - desert dorm hallway , Bridget knock on a door . there 's no answer . she knock harder . halfway down the hall , a RA stand with two girl , who sit on a couch with suitcase , whisper in Bridget 's direction . RA be she not answer ? Bridget look at she and shake she head . the RA approach and put she master key in Emma 's dorm room door . int . emma 's dorm room - continuous the curtain be close ; the room be dark . Bridget hurry in , past the tidy side belong to Emma 's roommate , and into Emma 's filthy half of the room . her suitcase be pack up . there 's a lump in bed . Bridget yank away pillow , revealing emma , 20 , sleep in headphone . Bridget shake she awake . BRIDGET Emma . Emma crack open she eye and blink at she mother . int . emma 's dorm room / hallway - day Emma and Bridget pull a cart pack with Emma 's belonging into the hall . Bridget notice something write on the dry - erase board hang on she door . for a good time ... knock Bridget move swiftly to erase it , but Emma have already see it . she stare , punch in the gut . Bridget march down the hall toward the two girl . Emma follow , know exactly what she mother be about to do . emma mom. Mom . Bridget ignore she and step up to they , furious . she glare at the girl . they stare back at she . BRIDGET shame on you girl . what be the matter with you ? she turn toward Emma , who wait , mortify , by the elevator . as Bridget walk up , Emma glare at she . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what ? you have to stand up for yourself , you have to fight back . show some self - respect , do not be a doormat -- emma shhhhhh ! BRIDGET oh whatever , you be kick out of this stupid dorm anyway . drug and alcohol free , it 's college for chrissake . the elevator door open . Emma duck inside . Bridget struggle to push the cart in . the girl giggle from the couch . Bridget give they the finger as the door close . emma Mom ! ext . dorm - front entrance - day Bridget push the cart out the door . Emma follow behind , furiously digging through she backpack . Emma stop to light a cigarette . Bridget whirl around . BRIDGET you should not be smoking . it be terrible for you . ( then ) what be go on with you ? emma nothing . Bridget watch Emma puff awkwardly on the cigarette . BRIDGET you look absolutely ridiculous . emma thank you . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - master bathroom - day Bridget change into nicer clothes . Eddie brushes he tooth . eddie maybe she should not go back . BRIDGET do not even go there , Eddie . eddie why ? she 's a mess , let 's take a semester off and regroup . BRIDGET because she will never go back , that 's why , and then she will be kick herself . just encourage she , would you please ? Bridget spot headlight in the driveway out the window . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) that 's they . she hustle out of the room into -- 7 . int . BRIDGET / eddie' house - hallway / emma 's room - continuous Emma 's door have a note on it that read : how it work you : knock I : '' come in '' you : enter Bridget disregard this direction , knock and enter in one fluid motion . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - emma 's room - continuous Emma be change . she hold she shirt to cover she chest . emma Mom ! BRIDGET sorry . Mary and Daniel be here . emma David . BRIDGET David ! David David David -- ext . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - front door - night Bridget head toward mary , she eldest , who be step away from she fiancee david 's BMW , park on the curb . a diamond sparkles on she finger . BRIDGET you make it ! they embrace . as they pull away , Bridget 's eye go straight for Mary 's hair . mary stop look at my hair . BRIDGET I be not . behind Mary , David be pull a shopping bag of gift and a platter out of the trunk of the BMW . david merry Christmas , Bridget . BRIDGET merry Christmas ! Mary quietly remind Bridget : mary David . BRIDGET I know . ( loudly , to David ) David ! Nice to see you ! David approach . she hug he around the platter . david thanks for have I . I bring crab . BRIDGET ( to Mary ) he bring crab ! david well but I know you be a chef and everything so - BRIDGET oh I be sure it 's very good . mary it be , it 's very good . BRIDGET good ! a beat , then : david shall we ? BRIDGET yes ! well . i’1l be - right there - I just have to grab something -- Mary and David head toward the front door as Bridget trot to she suv , park in the driveway and open the driver 's door and lean across the driver 's seat . she fish through the penny in the cup holder , then : BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) shit. int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night we be back in that condo with the tick clock . bert sleep in bed . a distant train horn rouse he . his eye open . he reach for the other side of the bed . feeling it empty , he sit up and reach for he glass . his gray comb-over stand on end . bert Ruth . int . oak park condo - hallway - night bert flip on the light and squint into the brightness . a gold crucifix glint in he salt and pepper chest hair . he feel a draft and stiffen . walk into the live room . the slide door be open . the curtain wave in the breeze . bert goddammit ! he sprint , panicked , for the door . ext . condo build - back alley - night bert , in slipper and a robe , stand a few pace down the walkway , scan the landscape urgently . he spot Ruth 's footprint in the blanket of snow . int . nick's basement - night nick , now 45 , sleep on a air mattress in a corner . on the floor beside it , he phone ring with the alarm ringer , the one that sound like a accident in a nuclear power plant . he pries himself awake and squint down at the phone on the ground , next to a stack of book and a bottle of booze . he reach for the phone and answer it . 10 . nick dad . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - master bedroom - night Mary stand in front of the mirror , wear Bridget 's wedding dress . Emma button the zillion button . the dress be lace and satin , long sleeve , high neck . Bridget sit on the bed , try to feign enthusiasm . mary pretty , right ? if I get rid of the sleeve ? emma or the whole thing . mary I like it . emma just get you own dress . mary I wanna wear Mom 's . BRIDGET I do not even pick it out . emma who pick it out ? BRIDGET grama . there be this other one , it be off the shoulder , it have this ribbon ... I love that dress . emma so where the hell be it ? BRIDGET grama think it be too revealing . mary well . I want to wear a family dress , so . BRIDGET you could get marry in winter . it 's more appropriate for winter . 11 . mary we be get marry in June . we already have a venue . undo I . Mary back up to Emma for she to undo she . BRIDGET you do not get marry because you have a venue . mary I be get marry because I wanna get marry , Mom . Bridget try to drop it but can not help herself . BRIDGET he 's a lot older than you , mare . emma Mom . BRIDGET what ? what 's the big rush ? why not be engage for a couple of year ? mary can we not talk about this right this second ? BRIDGET it 's just - lot of people have a long engagement , it 's really not a big deal , it 's -- mary and emma mom. int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - master bedroom - night Bridget and Eddie be in bed . she 's awake , stare up at the ceiling . her cellphone on the night stand ring . Eddie rouse as Bridget reach for it . it 's Nick . BRIDGET nicky ? she listen . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what do you mean she 's go ? 12 . ext . o'hare airport / nick 's range rover - day it 's still snow . Chicago news radio report the snowstorm in Nick 's use Range Rover . he 's drive through o’hare arrival -- until he get stick behind a empty car . it 's owner make out by it 's open trunk . cranky , Nick lay on the horn , startling they apart . Nick pull up to the curb and turn down the radio , spot Bridget and Emma come out of the airport door . he lean out the open window . nick yo dickhead ! int . / ext . nick's range rover - day Bridget sit in front , Emma in back . Nick hand out latte . nick here 's you ten dollar coffee . where 's Eddie ? BRIDGET he have to work . where 's dad ? nick he 's look for she , look everywhere , every single place she 's ever be in she life . emma do you check the hospital ? nick Hospitals , St. gile , the rotary Club , even go by the nursing home in case she think she be still work there . emma do you call the police ? nick ' course I call the police . his tone be sharper than he mean it to be . she make a face . BRIDGET they have dad 's number ? 13. nick dad 's , mine , yours , yours , the condo and marion down the Hall 's . ( then ; shaking he head ) dad 's goin 's outta he mind , bitty , he 's white as a ghost . when he call I think he be have another heart attack . Bridget look out the window and sip she latte , take in the gray of she hometown . it look very , very cold . nick ( cont 'd ) I know this be gonna happen . be tellin’ he for year , figure out what you wanna do with Mom when the time come , ' cause we all know it 's come , we all know how this thing work . BRIDGET it 's hard for he . nick you know what 's gonna be hard for he ? her turnin’ up next week in a goddamn block of ice . Emma and Bridget 's stomach drop . nick ( cont 'd ) it 's over . she can not be at the condo anymore . she 's goin’ to a place and he 's gonna haveta let she . ( then ) if I hear one goddamn peep about freakin’ Florida , I swear to God . he fish a pack of pall mall 's out of he parka pocket . BRIDGET what happen to quit ? nick life , bitty . life happen to quit . BRIDGET do not smoke in here , I be chemically sensitive . nick you be who ? 14 . emma chemically sensitive . nick what kinda California bullshit be that ? Nick 's phone ring . alarm ringer . they all jump . BRIDGET that 's you ringer ? nick for dad it be . ( into the phone ) dad . int . rush hospital - er hallway - day bert be at a desk fill out paperwork . he look up to see Bridget , Nick , and Emma scurrying down the hall . he scowl . bert ( to Nick ) I toldja not to call she . ( to Bridget ) it 's Christmas Day , bitty , you aughta be with you family . BRIDGET be she all right ? bert she 's fine . bert and Bridget kiss on the lip . it 's a midwestern thing . bert ( cont 'd ) ( to Emma ) hello squeak . emma hi gramp , you okay ? as Emma and bert embrace , he glare at Nick and wave he hand in front of he face . bert dammit , Nicholas , know you would be smokin’ again with that bar . 15 . BRIDGET ( to bert ) be you okay ? have they check you blood pressure . nick what have the doctor say ? bert he have not be in yet . nick then how do you know she 's fine ? bert ' Cause she 's fine ! go look at she ! int . rush hospital - RUTH 's room - day Ruth sit on the exam table in she nightie , a blanket over he shoulder , leg swinging like a kid . Bridget walk in . Ruth do not recognize she . BRIDGET Mom ? Ruth suddenly light up . RUTH be that my baby ? she jump off the table and throw she arm around Bridget . Nick walk in behind they . RUTH ( cont 'd ) oh , I be so happy to see you -- nick you all right , Mom ? RUTH and this baby too ? Ruth throw she arm around Nick , then see Emma behind he . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( be : Emma ) honey ! emma hi grama . 16 . she throw she arm around Emma , then hold she by the shoulder as bert enter . RUTH you need some money ? let I getcha some money . bert see ? she 's fine . RUTH where 's my purse ? bert you do not need you purse . RUTH oh , I do too , you turkey . nick where the heck be she ? bert aurora . nick and BRIDGET and RUTH aurora ? bert get on the commuter . rode the damn thing back and forth ' till the conductor screw he eyeball in . RUTH do she really ? nick where have she get on at ? bert berwyn . nick she walk to berwyn in a snowstorm ? bert she 's fine , Nicholas . RUTH ( be : Bridget ) well she do not look fine to I . Ruth put she hand on Bridget 's forehead . 17 . nick she 's fine , Mom . bert she 's fine , Ruth . RUTH ( to bert ; indignant ) Excuse you , I spend thirty year in geriatrics , thank you very much . Ruth pull Bridget down in a chair and rub she shoulder . bert be eying Bridget 's empty leave hand . bert ( to Bridget ) where 's you diamond ? BRIDGET oh , I - forget it . bert whaddya mean you forget it ? emma she do not wear it . BRIDGET I do too , I just take it off for work . bert how come ? BRIDGET ' Cause I get my hand in raw poultry all day . Ruth be go to town on Bridget 's shoulder . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ow , Mom . Ruth move the massage up to Bridget 's head . her hair flop in she face . bert you go to mass last night ? BRIDGET no , we be - gonna go today . emma we be ? 18 . BRIDGET yes . nick you be ? BRIDGET ( shut up ) yes . there 's a knock at the door . quickly : BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) come in ! dr . zoe , 30 , pop she head in . Ruth light up . dr . zoe be we ready for a pelvic exam ? RUTH ( to Dr. Zoe ) be that my baby ? int . rush hospital - hallway - moment later - day Nick , Bridget , Emma and bert stand around Dr. Zoe . dr . zoe they be safer in memory care , but they also often improve . they be more relaxed , less anxious , they often feel more at home with peer than they do with family . they all turn to look at bert 's reaction . he be staunch , arm fold stubbornly across he chest . she try another tactic . dr . zoe ( cont 'd ) look , the reason I do a pelvic exam be ... during wander episode , woman be often - assault . sexually . they eye all widen . dr . zoe ( cont 'd ) I do not see evidence of that today . but give how affectionate she be , I think that 's very lucky . 19 . int . rush parking garage - 2 nd floor - day bert slam through the door of the garage and march in . Bridget trot after he , follow by Nick , hold Ruth 's purse , and Ruth , wear Nick 's parka and hold Emma 's arm . nick dad ! bert and Bridget stop and turn to they . bert what ! nick I be this way . bert so go then ! Nick head off with Ruth and Emma . bert march down the aisle of car . Bridget trot up along side he . bert ( cont 'd ) goddamn hospital . goddamn teenage doctor . he pull he key out and approach a black ' 59 4 - seat thunderbird convertible and open the trunk . Bridget gape . BRIDGET what happen to the camry ? bert I be 75 year old , bitty . fuck the camry . he pull a down parka from the trunk and chuck it at she . int / ext bertas thunderbird - dusk the top be down . elton John 's amoreena on the radio . they cruise downtown Chicago , light elegantly for Christmas . Bridget , wrap in the borrow parka , watch she hometown pass . int . oak park condo - foyer - night bert and Bridget enter . bert carry chinese take -out . 20 . bert Ho ho ho ! Nick bee-line around the corner into the foyer . his eye wide as saucer . bert ( cont 'd ) where 's you mother ? nick in with Emma . as bert take the bag into the kitchen : bert gotcha a loo mein , Nicholas . be Bridget hang the parka up in the coat closet . Nick stare at she , eye huge , like he 's see a ghost . BRIDGET whassa matter with you ? nick ( grave ; quiet ) she hit on I . BRIDGET what ? nick she - she - put she hand on my leg , bat she eye , she - hit on I . BRIDGET who ? nick who ? like she even have to ask . BRIDGET Mom ? what would you do ? nick whaddya mean , what would I do , I just - keep callin’ she Mom , thanks Mom , have a nice time too Mom , real glad you birthed I , Mom -- Bridget can not help it . she start to laugh . Nick be appal . 21 . nick ( cont 'd ) you be laugh ? which make she laugh harder . nick ( cont 'd ) do not laugh , asshole , it 's not funny . I be freakin’ traumatize . Bridget be die . BRIDGET you face -- when we walk in , you shoulda see you face -- finally Nick can not help himself . he laugh . nick ( through laugh ) it 's not funny . bert ( 0.c. ) ( from the kitchen ; angry ) goddamn Oriental place , how you s'pose to eat rice with a stick ? which make they both hysterical . int . oak park condo - guest room - night Emma lay on one side of the antique double bed , headphone on , computer open in she lap . Bridget stick she head in . BRIDGET wanna come for a drive with uncle nicky ? emma no . uncle nicky 's a dick . BRIDGET no he be not . do not say that . a beat , then : BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) do you apply for a new dorm ? emma yeah . BRIDGET you do ? 22 . emma yes . BRIDGET oh . you be okay here by yourself ? Emma glare . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) well . I have my cell . emma oh , you do ? really ? great , I 'il call you , we will chat . Bridget close the door and step into the -- int . oak park condo - hallway - night Bridget head down the hall toward the back door . she stop at the ajar bathroom door and peer in . bert ( 0.c. ) ( in the bathroom ; gently ) wait , honey , take you nightie off . in the mirror , Ruth 's arm be in the air , like a child . bert gently pull she nightie over she head . she giggle . Bridget watch , touch by he care , until : the back door open . Nick poke he head in . nick let 's go , dickie-doodle . int . nick's range rover - night Nick drive west on 290 . Bridget sit shotgun in she borrow parka , look at the Chicago skyline ahead . nick Jimmy laciak sit on the board of the best memory place in Chicago , get a wait list a mile long . he can get Mom in there February one and dad in a two bedroom on the same campus on the 15th . BRIDGET they can not be together ? 23. nick memory care 's lock down , dementia only . it 's a bunch of loon , he have be rip he hair out in there anyway . she look out . they be downtown now , drive along the El . nick ( cont 'd ) assisted live 's fifty yard away , he can walk over whenever he feel like it . BRIDGET dad 's do not want assist live . nick it 's not daycare , bit , they do not wipe he ass . it 's great , they do he laundry , give he a meal plan , he get chest pain he push a button . Nick park the car at a meter on division Street . BRIDGET where be we ? nick where do you think , dumdum ? she do not know . they get out of the car . ext . division STREET - night - continuous they walk down desert division . BRIDGET what about a live - in person ? nick insurance do not cover it . BRIDGET it do not cover memory care either . nick it cover some of it , then they sell the condo . BRIDGET he 's not gonna sell the condo . 24 . nick what 's he gonna do , take it with he ? Nick pull key from he parka and go to a door . she 's confuse for a moment , then it hit she . BRIDGET oh ! oh my god ! she look at the sign , awed . it read nick be . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) be that you ? be you Nick ? nick that 's the other owner . his name 's Nick too . BRIDGET oh . nick whassa matter with you ? of course it 's I , dingleberry . int . nick be bar - night - continuous the walk in the bar , Bridget 's eye wide . it 's a gorgeous space , high ceiling , long copper bar , gorgeous mural on one wall , tastefully decorate with curate antique . BRIDGET wow . my god , it 's gorgeous . nick yeah , see ? it 's not some shitty dive . BRIDGET who say it be a shitty dive ? Nick look pointedly at she - who do she think ? BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) well have he be here ? nick of course he have not be here . BRIDGET do you invite he ? 25 . nick I should not have to invite he . Nick walk along the bar to the back and disappear down the stair to the basement . Bridget follow slowly , take it all in , then follow he down into -- int . nick be bar - basement - night Nick sift through the mess on the desk -- stack of paperwork , bottle of cork wine , a well - wear book : the best friend 's approach to Alzheimer 's Care . in the corner of the basement be a unmade twin blow up bed . BRIDGET somebody 's live here . nick you be one sharp cookie , bit. BRIDGET who ? nick the other owner . Nick retrieve a folder from the mess and head out of the office with it . Bridget follow . as they head up the step : BRIDGET you be live here ? what about Rachel ? Nick wave she off . int . nick be bar - night - a moment later . Nick step behind the bar and toss a cocktail menu at she . nick what do you wanna drink ? BRIDGET ( read from the menu ) norbert 's Manhattan ? nick best manhattan you will have in you life , you 'il shit you pants . he mix she manhattan and pour it in front of she . 26 . nick ( cont 'd ) Emma 's a real peach this day , huh ? BRIDGET I think she hate I . nick for what ? BRIDGET I dunno . she do not talk to I . she sip she manhattan as Nick rinse the shaker . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ( uh - oh ) shit . nick what ? BRIDGET in my pants . nick right ? that thing 's win award . BRIDGET norbert would be very proud . Nick pour himself neat irish whiskey . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what happen with Rachel ? nick oh who know . all of a sudden she 's burst into tear over a hamburger ' cause I have not propose . BRIDGET she 's be wait for you to want to marry she , dummy . nobody want to ask to be propose to . ( then ) you gotta be intuitive , it 's like Eddie , right , I be constantly tell he how chef hate kitchen gadget and what do he put under the tree for I every year ? 27 . nick that 's cause you open it and go wow ! a coconut roaster ! oh my god thank you I love it ! BRIDGET well what be I suppose to say ? nick no thanks , where 's the receipt ? BRIDGET I can not say that . nick why not ? BRIDGET I be not gonna make he feel bad in front of the girl . nick you know what you be say to the girl ? his feeling matter , mine do not . ( then ) that 's exactly what this world need , two more woman who do not tell you what 's really go on . two more Rachels . BRIDGET she tell you what 's go on . go over there . bring she flower . nick I be not goin 's over there . she have not even call . BRIDGET she should not have to call . Nick frown . touche . nick yeah , well , now she 's try to get full custody of she kid , so . BRIDGET so ? nick so what be I , gonna go be a parent ? 28 . BRIDGET why not ? nick why not ? what do you think I get goin’ on here ? I get my life savings be dumped into this business and I be barely make payroll , I get the fire department and the health department double , triple fine I for the same shit I do not even do , I get a barback steal tip and then - and then - I be fill Mom and dad 's prescription . I be pick up they dry clean . I be take ‘em to church . he downs he drink . nick ( cont 'd ) she know I do not want kid , that 's the whole reason we break up six year ago . here . he toss the folder from he office across the bar to she . nick ( cont 'd ) I fill it all out , all he 's gotta do be sign . the folder read the reminiscence neighborhood . beam octogenarian sit by a fire around a parcheesi board . she open it . Inside be a brochure and stack of paperwork . BRIDGET the reminiscence Neighborhood ? nick they be all call shit like that . ext . oak park condo - alley - night Bridget and Nick step out of Nick 's car . he light a smoke and toss the reminiscence folder across the hood to she . nick here we go now . put you big girl pants on . BRIDGET just - do not get how you get . 29 . nick what do you mean , how I get ? do not get how you get . BRIDGET how do I get ? nick you can not even tell he you be not a Catholic anymore . what 's he gonna do , pray for you ? BRIDGET I just do not want any more of the third degree . nick you know what I do when dad give I the third degree ? Nick thrust two middle finger into the air . BRIDGET see ? that 's how you get . nick least I be not lie to he . BRIDGET I be not lie to he . nick you be too . BRIDGET I be not . they go through the back gate of the condo into the courtyard toward the condo 's back step . int . oak park condo - live room - night bert sit in he recliner , scotch in hand , stare at the tree . when he hear the sound of the back door open , he quickly grab the paper and pretend to read it . Bridget walk in . bert look over and see Nick behind she , wrinkle he nose and wave the paper in front of he face . bert smell like a ashtray , Nicholas . 30 . nick take you four heart attack to quit . bert Rachel must wanna throttle you . BRIDGET they break up . Nick glare at Bridget . she shrug . pointedly : BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) just be honest . bert I do not blame she . be on and off since high school , shit or get off the pot . nick gee , dad , thanks . BRIDGET dad ? bert you know what you problem be , wait for some feel . there 's no bell and whistle . you pick somebody you can stand and you make a commitment . BRIDGET dad . bert have she meet we at mass in the morning . marion down the Hall 's come over with a corn beef . BRIDGET dad . bert what . BRIDGET we need to talk about Mom . bert scowl and put down the footrest of he recliner . 31 . bert goddamn teach hospital , that little girl should not have be allow anywhere near you mother . nick what little girl ? bert the teenager call herself a doctor . you mother 's do fine . nick wandering off in the middle of the night 's do fine ? bert well I give she too much scotch , if you wanna know , which I never do but it be Christmas Eve so I say what the hell . nick so what , she walk off ' cause she be drunk ? bert can not drink hardly at all on she medication . nick no . she walk off ' cause that 's what happen with stage six . bert oh that stage be horse shit , everybody 's brain be different and everybody know it . nick everybody except the doctor ? bert she be not a doctor ! Bridget shoot Nick a look and step in to peace - keep . BRIDGET so , okay , we get a second opinion . bert get a appointment next week with she geriactrician down in Florida , I 'il let you know what he say . Nick get loud . nick goddammit , dad , you be not goin’ to Florida . BRIDGET shh ! bert we be too go to Florida -- BRIDGET you be gonna wake Mom . bert I already put down a deposit ! 32 . Bridget put a hand up to Nick , tell he to back off . BRIDGET dad , listen . there 's this - place nicky find , it look -- bert I be not put you mother in a nursing home , she work thirty year in nursing home , they be horrible and I be not do it to she . nick it 's not a nursing home . it 's a reminisce Neighborhood . bert a what ? Nick hold the folder out to bert . he do not take it . nick it 's great . they get mass twice a week , a restaurant , art class , a jacuzzi -- bert a jacuzzi ? you mother can not swim , you wanna drow she ? Nick chuck the folder on the coffee table . nick she 's not gonna drow in a jacuzzi . 33 . bert she 's terrify of water , Nicholas . nick she use to be terrify of berwyn too , now she 's walkin’ down there in a nightie . bert roll he eye and start to get up . nick ( cont 'd ) two bedroom next door for you , fifty foot away in assist live . bert leap to he foot . bert be you outta you mind ? nick bitty feel the same way . bert do not you tell I what bitty feel , how the heck do you know what she feel ? Nick look expectantly at Bridget . BRIDGET I - dad , I think this be a good solution that be worth consider . bert well , I spend the last eight year consider it and the answer 's no . thanks for the suggestion , merry Christmas , I be go to bed . bert head toward the hall . Nick flail toward Bridget , demand she to speak . she flail back at he . she speak . nick she be wander off in the middle of a fuck snowstorm . bert have overhear . from down the hall : bert ( 0.s . ) do not snow in Florida . ( then ) and mind you language . 34 . Nick glare at Bridget . he turn and head down the hall , pull out he smoke . Bridget grab a afghan from the couch and follow he . ext . oak park condo - back porch - night - second later Nick smoke on the back porch . Bridget be next to he , wrap in the afghan . BRIDGET we can not force he . nick you know why she wound up in aurora ? that 's the train use to run to amboy . her dad work that train . ( then ) she be try to go home . it take Bridget 's breath away . nick ( cont 'd ) she think she 's a little kid . thinks she parent be worried sick about she . he drag on he cigarette and look out . nick ( cont 'd ) all she want be to get back to she poor mother . she can not figure out why she 's stick here , all alone with some strange old man . ( then ) what the hell do you think power of attorney be for ? emotional , Nick hop the railing and head toward he car . int . oak park condo - guest room - night Bridget slip into the dark guest room . Emma 's in bed . the reminiscence folder have be shove under the door . Bridget put it with she belonging and pull out pajamas . int . oak park condo - live room - night Bridget be in the live room look at all the picture on the tree . she bend down to see the two gift underneath . 35 . one be mark to RUTH from bert , the other to bert from RUTH in the exact same block handwrite . bert enter in he pajamas and robe , surprised to see she . BRIDGET think you go to bed . bert I do . I get back up . BRIDGET Nice tree . bert you mother like the picture . ( then ) she put the ornament somewhere , so . I get creative . BRIDGET both this present have you handwrite . bert would not want she think she forget to get I something . ( then ) C ’mon , I 'il let you win a game . BRIDGET you be not too tired ? bert for my daughter who never visit ? int . oak park condo - breakfast room - night bert and Bridget sit on chair - on - wheel at the table , play a game of chinese checker . bert Emma say she get kick outta she dorm . BRIDGET she get catch drink , it be so stupid . you know what she problem be ? she 's negative . she do not get any exercise . 36 . bert her problem be she 's not a student . College be a waste of money if you be not a student . BRIDGET well . she 's gotta get a degree . bert oh she do not , she will figure it out , look at you , you figure it out . ( then ) why can not you sleep ? he 's ask out of concern , but she see she in . point : BRIDGET why can not you sleep ? bert I can . he 's defensive . he do not want to talk about it . BRIDGET you take great care of she . I aughtta be here more . bert oh you be here plenty . you get a family , the girl need you , Eddie need you , you get that job . you be halfway across the country for chrissake . ( then ) we be fine . marion down the Hall take she on poker night and so forth . two peas in a pod , the two of ‘em , both battier than hell . BRIDGET still . it 's gotta be hard on you . bert Nah . she be always a pain in the ass . gettin 's she irish up , stompin’ around all red in the face about God know what . ( then ) no bell and whistle . Love be commitment . better or worse , sickness and health , death do you part . that 's the promise . 37 . Bridget nod . tread carefully : BRIDGET she 's gonna get worse , dad . ( then ) she 's gonna forget everything . he stare down into he scotch for a long moment . bert she 's my girl , bit . you can not take my girl away from I . it break she heart . he rise from the table , emotional . bert ( cont 'd ) turn the tree off . int . ST. gile catholic church - day a choir lead the congregation in '' Joy to the World . '' marion down the hall be among they . she 's italian , dyed black hair , huge yellow tinted glass . bert , Ruth , Emma , Nick and Bridget stand in a pew near the front . they all sing . the processional walk the aisle . altar boy fling Holy Water from palm frond . Ruth look skyward and hold out she palm . RUTH it 's raining in here . a cranky old couple in front turn around to give Ruth a dirty look . she flip they the bird . bert snatch she hand . int . ST. gile catholic church - lobby - day mass have end . bert , Nick and marion chat by the Holy Water with the ancient priest . Bridget walk up the aisle and approach the altar . she stop at it and stare at the virgin Mary . a voice ( 0.c. ) bitty keller ? the voice -- be walk toward she from the leave side of the church . he 's 40s , irish , build . 38 . the voice ( point at himself ) it 's Gerry ! hoffsteader ! dommie 's little brother ? dommie 's little brother never look like that before . gerry what the heck’re you do here ? BRIDGET oh , I be just , I be , you know ... she gesture at the altar . he clock that she 's ring -less . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) hanging out , I and Mary . Gerry nod , smile like he get that answer . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) gosh , you look - really great . gerry ( nodd ) construction . I take over for dad . his eye mist . he look toward the altar reverently . gerry ( cont 'd ) death come for everybody , as it turn out . Bridget nod like she get that comment . in the back of the church - Nick stand in the aisle , near the back door , watch they . nick bitty ! Bridget and Gerry turn to he . gerry hey Nick . nick hey ger. bert march in , cranky . Emma trot behind he . 39 . bert ( to Nick ) get you sister . he turn and march out . Nick look at Emma . emma grama drank the Holy Water . ext . church - sidewalk - day Nick 's suv be park a way up the street . the family walk towards it , Emma hold Ruth 's purse . Gerry trot behind they , then cross to he truck . gerry um. bye . Bridget and Nick turn and wave . nick see ya ger . bert who be that ? nick Gerry hoff-sniffer . BRIDGET do not call he that . nick he use to beat off smell he sister 's barbie doll . BRIDGET say who ? nick say dommie . RUTH where 's my purse ? emma I have it , Gram . BRIDGET ( be : Gerry ) he be so tubby in junior high . 40 . bert so be you . nick Old Big butt bitty . emma nicky . RUTH do somebody have my purse ? int . oak park condo - dine room - day marion sit grandly at one end of the table , hold court . Ruth be next to she . Nick and bert read the paper at the other end . marion so I say to margie , I say margie honey he 's a toddler , one day he like pancake , next day he will not touch the thing , it 's normal -- Bridget bring in two plate of corn beef and cabbage and set they down in front of Nick and bert . marion ( cont 'd ) Bridget , honey , you be so skinny , do not they feed you in California ? Bridget head back into the kitchen and hover over Emma as she slice the corn beef . BRIDGET thinner . thinner . Emma slam the knife down and glare at she mother . Emma grab two complete plate and go into the dining room . Bridget slice the last piece and bring the two last plate into the dine room . she sit next to Emma . marion I say honey , this age be where it start , it 's all about control -- bert ( quickly , monotone ) bless we o Lord for this thy gift which we be about to receive from thy bounty through Christ we Lord amen . 41 . all amen . bert lean over to Ruth and begin cut she meat . marion now Emma , you get a boyfriend or what ? nick she 's get a few . BRIDGET cool it , nicky . bert just as easy to love a rich one as a poor one , squeak . no bell and whistle . marion you know my frankie die seventeen year ago and I never remarry even though I have plenty of chance and you know why ? ' Cause hand to God , frankie never leave , every single night he 's right there next to I , hand to God . Bridget and Emma be look at marion intensely . then , in unison , they look at they plate , hide the same wound . RUTH that 's right . he 's out there , and when he find you , watch out , he 's never gonna let you go . marion so I say to margie , I say that kid 's gonna be big as house if you do not watch it , but you know margie , not a word about it . RUTH you know , I be have a baby . everybody look at Ruth -- except marion , who drone on , oblivious . marion kid 's gonna wind up with dia- bee - tus . 42 . Bridget and Emma both sputter laughter - the kind that 's just neighbor tear . marion look at they , indignant . marion ( cont 'd ) heck 's a matter with you two ? int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night Ruth 's arm be raise in the air as Bridget pull a fresh nightie over she head . Ruth 's big eye look at she . RUTH why do I get on that train ? Bridget pull the bedsheet down . Ruth get into bed . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I live here . I do not know what 's the matter with I . then she remember . she do know what 's the matter with she . RUTH ( cont 'd ) oh. oh. yes I do . ( look up at Bridget ) should I be in a home , do you think ? both of they want to take advantage of Ruth 's lucidity . BRIDGET what do you think ? RUTH I do not know . I do not know . Ruth 's brow be furrow for a moment . then she eye go blank . her mind have reset . she smile up at Bridget , like a child . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ' night , mama . int . oak park condo - guest room - night Bridget pace the guest room , on the phone with Eddie . her eye wash over the frame family photograph on the wall . eddie how 's it go there ? 43. BRIDGET terrible . dad will not even consider it . eddie I do not blame he . nobody want to be alone for the rest of they life . Bridget 's eye stop on a picture of bert and Ruth . eddie ( cont 'd ) hello ? BRIDGET I be here . eddie what 's go on with Emma ? BRIDGET nothing . she 's fine . eddie she do not register for next semester . Bridget stop pace . BRIDGET what ? eddie her advisor call this morning ask if she be come back . int . oak park condo - kitchen / pantry / dine - night Bridget come into the kitchen and through the pantry . Nick stand at the counter , pick at the corn beef with he finger . BRIDGET Gross . get a fork . he make a face at she . Bridget continue into the dine room . Emma and bert play chinese checker at the table . Bridget lean against the door , wait for a moment to interrupt . 44 , bert «+. we always do road trip and that , she love a good road trip . we be drive down to Florida , then across the country , be over by you right in time for Mary 's wedding . Nick appear in the doorway behind Bridget , agape , with a fistful of beef . nick what be you , thelma and Louise ? BRIDGET shh. Mom 's in bed . bert she do great in Florida , Nicholas , every year she 's better . nick no she be not . bert how do you know ? nick ' Cause that 's not how it work ! how it work be she get worse . no matter where you take she , she get worse . Ruth have enter . RUTH who ? BRIDGET and nick nobody , Mom . bert nobody , Ruth . go back to bed . Emma get up to take she back to bed . emma I will take you , grama . nick hang on Emma . he tap Ruth 's arm and point to bert. 45 . nick ( cont 'd ) who be that ? BRIDGET and emma nicky . bert oh , what be that ? nick ( to Ruth ) do you know who that be ? bert of course she know . RUTH ( point at bert ) him ? bert you know who I be , honey -- nick shh ! they all wait for Ruth to answer . she look coyly at bert . RUTH he 's my boyfriend . bert see ? nick whaddya mean see , be you she boyfriend ? BRIDGET well he 's not not she boyfriend . nick no he be not ! RUTH who ? emma he kinda be . nick he be not , Emma , for chrissake -- 46 . emma he be too , nicky . RUTH who be you talk about ? bert BRIDGET ( to Ruth ) ( to Ruth ) you. dad. emma he 's you husband , grama . nick well do not tell she , dammit -- bert she know I be she husband . RUTH I know he 's my husband . nick no you do not . emma yes she do . BRIDGET ( to Nick ) well now you be tell she . nick no I be not . emma yeah you be . bert you just tell she she do not know I be she husband . nick ' Cause she do not ! RUTH who ? bert she just toldja she do ! nick ' Cause Emma tell she ! 47 . the home phone ring . RUTH I will get it . Ruth disappear into the kitchen and reach for the phone . nick she 's flippin 's off people in church for chrissake , she 's drink the holy water ! emma so ? nick wouldja stay out of it , Emma , you be a kid for chrissake ! RUTH ( 0.s. ) hello ? hello ! the phone be still ringing . they look over toward the kitchen doorway . RUTH ( 0.s ) ( cont ’d ) hello ? this damn thing . she wander out toward they , jabbing at a stapler . she put it back to she ear . RUTH ( cont 'd ) hello ? ( to they ; shaking she head ) damn thing never work . they all stare at she . emma grama . RUTH what . emma it 's a stapler . she look down at it . then she snort laughter . RUTH what the heck be I do with this ? she 's crack up . Emma start to laugh , and then Bridget , and suddenly the three of they be in hysterics . 48 . bert and Nick be not amused . finally : nick yeah , yuk it up , it 's all so hilarious , life 's just one big riot . he 's have it . he turn on he heel and go . ext . oak park condo - back porch / courtyard - night Nick march down the step and stop to light a smoke . Bridget appear in the door behind he and step onto the porch . BRIDGET hey ! Nick turn . nick lemme ask you something . what have you fly all the way out here for ? BRIDGET because Mom be miss . nick no. because I ask you to . I ask you to . which I never do . I need some help . BRIDGET I be work on it . nick you do not have time to work on it ! you rip the bandaid off , bit , you say guess what , we be come in with move box . ( then ) Jimmy laciak be hold spot . it 's a big ass favor , he be suppose to have the paperwork two day ago . BRIDGET okay . ( off he look ) okay . he turn and walk to he car . she go in . 49 , int . oak park condo - guest room - day grey light peek over the curtain . Bridget , dress in she run gear , sit on the edge of Emma 's side of the bed and shake she awake . BRIDGET Emma . Emma squint at she . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) come for a run with I . Emma blink at she , one hundred percent not have it . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) you will feel great afterward , I be tell you , you just have to -- Emma grab one of Bridget 's pillow and whacks Bridget in the face with it as she turn and cover she head . Bridget get up and go for the door . then she notice Emma 's computer lay on the floor by she bedside . she tiptoe over , grab it , and carry it out of the room . ext . oak park STREET - day Bridget run down oak Park Avenue , pick up she pace , sprinting faster and faster , as fast as she can for as long as she can . something catch she eye . she slow and stop . a hoffsteader construction pickup be park at the curb . she stare at it a moment , look around for its owner , then continue on at a jog . int . oak park condo - dine room - day Ruth sit at the table sip coffee , a towel drape over she shoulder . a bottle of ensure sit on the table . bert be behind she , die she root , in a frilly apron . Road runner cartoon play on a small tv in the corner . Bridget enter from she run . Ruth start to get up . RUTH there 's my baby ! 50 . bert sit down Ruth , you get dye all over you . drink you ensure . she stick she tongue out at he . RUTH my boyfriend . Mr. bossy . Bridget get a mug from the cabinet and sit . she pour coffee from a carafe on the table . RUTH ( cont 'd ) do you need anything ? bert she 's fine . drink you ensure . Bridget move the ensure closer to Ruth . BRIDGET here , Mom . she drink the ensure . bert see ? tastes just like a chocolate malt . RUTH you would not know a chocolate malt if it bit you in the tush . ( to Bridget ) see , I be a fountain girl , in ... bert amboy . RUTH amboy , and consequently ... my dad work on the train , he 's a ... bert a engineer . RUTH a engineer , that 's right , he have get off the train and bring I chocolate malt ' cause I be sick , I be very sick , I have ... bert Polio . 51 . RUTH Polio , mm-hmm , and all I do be drink chocolate malt all day , and consequently ... bert you get fat . RUTH I get fat . BRIDGET dad. bert what ? BRIDGET she be not fat . bert she be too fat . RUTH no , I be , I be very fat . bert pull the glove off and wash he hand . RUTH ( cont 'd ) and then I be a housewife , and consequently -- BRIDGET you be not . bert you be a career woman , Ruth , two - time administrator of the year . RUTH ( impressed ) Holy shit . bert sit down at the table and pour himself coffee . he grab he paper . Bridget pick up the art section . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( be : bert and Bridget ) and how do you two know each other ? Bridget and bert look up from they papers . 52 . bert ( a touch sharp ) she 's we daughter , Ruth . for chrissake . Ruth blushes at he tone . her face twist anxiously . RUTH lemme get my purse . bert do not touch anything . RUTH I be not gonna touch anything , I be gonna get my purse ! Ruth exit . bert go back to he paper . bert we be go to edna 's for supper . Bridget make a face . bert eye she over he paper . bert ( cont 'd ) wanna do I a favor ? int . oak park condo - master bathroom - day the mirror be fogge . over the sound of the shower : BRIDGET ( 0.c. ) keep rinsing . a nightie and set of panty be a puddle on the floor . in the shower -- Ruth , naked , thin , stand in the stream of water , let it run over she hair . Bridget soap she own body . RUTH you turn . BRIDGET gimme you hand . Ruth do . Bridget squeeze shampoo into Ruth 's hand . Ruth stare at it , not sure what to do . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) rub it on you hair . 53 . Ruth do , wide - eye . Bridget step into the water and wet she own hair . shampoo drip down Ruth 's forehead . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) Close you eye , Mom . Bridget wipe the drip shampoo with a washcloth . RUTH it 's so nice of you to do this for I . BRIDGET you do it for I . rinse you head . Bridget shampoos she own hair . as Ruth rinse she head , she face relax . she have a memory . RUTH I do , do not I ? oh nicky hate the bath , he kick and scream , I say to hell with it , let he stay dirty . but you be always a good girl . she open she eye and look at Bridget with concern . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I shoulda be a better mother . BRIDGET you be a great mother . Ruth search for more , behind she close eye , then she face go slack . her eye pop open , blank . RUTH do I need to wash my hair ? BRIDGET you do already . here . Bridget put a bar of soap into Ruth 's hand . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) wash you whoo -ha . Ruth do . Bridget rinse she own head , then turn to rinse she face . Ruth begin to soap Bridget 's back . RUTH you have a boyfriend ? 54 . BRIDGET I have a husband . RUTH be you happy ? Bridget , as usual , open she mouth to lie . then realize : she do not have to . Ruth will not remember . BRIDGET I be lonely . Ruth blink . she stare at the soap , lose . RUTH do I need to wash my hair ? BRIDGET rinse you whoo - ha , Mom . Ruth rinse she whoo - ha and gasp in delighted discovery . RUTH whoo ! int . oak park condo - master bedroom closet - day Bridget , one towel around she torso , another wrap around she head , stand with Ruth , fully dress , in front of a pair of shoe . down the hall , marion can be hear dron on to bert . RUTH I do not want she to be upset . BRIDGET who ? RUTH whoever 's shoe that be . BRIDGET they be you shoe , Mom . RUTH they be not . ugliest thing I ever see in my life . Nick come in . 55 . nick put you shoe on , mom. marion 's wait for you . ( to Bridget ) go get the folder . BRIDGET just - lemme get dress . Bridget head down the hall , pass yammer marion , pass bert , who 's eye be cross listen to she . bert ( to Bridget ) hurry up , we be gonna be late . and on down the hall into the - int . oak park condo - guest room - day Emma sit on the bed , arm cross , fume . emma do you go into my computer and log into my school account ? Bridget ignore she . she rifle through she suitcase , look for clothes . emma ( cont 'd ) somebody do . somebody go in and sign I up for a bunch of random class . that be not you ? BRIDGET no . emma liar . BRIDGET well you lie to I . you tell I you fill out the dorm application . how do it feel ? emma ' Cause I do not want you on I , okay , I do not feel like deal with you bat shit hover . Emma start to get dress . 56 . BRIDGET be you ever go to do it ? emma yes. BRIDGET when ? emma when I decide whether or not I be go back , okay ? Nick knock / barge in . Bridget hike up she towel . Emma hug she shirt to she chest . emma ( cont 'd ) do not anybody know how to knock ? nick where 's the folder ? BRIDGET do you mind ? Nick spot the reminiscence folder and grab it . nick ( to Bridget ) get out here , bitty , wouldja ? BRIDGET just a minute , Nick . Nick go . emma I be a grow up , okay ? you make I feel like there 's something wrong with I . BRIDGET there 's nothing wrong with you . emma I know ! Emma get she boot . BRIDGET I would have kill to go to college , Emma . kill . 57 . emma I know . BRIDGET you have no perspective . you have no idea how lucky you be . Emma turn to she , suddenly angry . emma do you think I be try to hate school ? you think I wanna not get out of bed in the morning , that I like lay there feel like this giant loser for blow it , for waste dad 's money ? laying there think about how much you want to go until I wanna throw myself out the window , you think that 's fun for I ? it 's a gut punch for Bridget . outside they door , voice begin to raise . emma ( cont 'd ) telling I I just need to come on you stupid run . like you be not a fuck mess . BRIDGET I be not a mess . Emma scoff laughter as she step into she boot . the voice down the hall grow louder . Bridget open the door . Nick and bert be yell down the hall . Bridget grit she tooth , hike up she towel , and head down the hallway into the -- foyer . Emma follow . Nick and bert be go at it . the reminiscence folder be on the mail table . bert be pull he coat from the closet . nick it 's the best goddamn memory care in Chicago ! Jimmy skip a six month wait list for you ! bert turn . as he pull he coat on : 58 . bert lemme tell you something . that picture on the tree in there ? tellin’ she how she take she coffee , how many ice cube she like in she scotch ? that 's memory care . I be there for every damn memory she make the last sixty year , and if I be not there I have to hear about it thirty - seven time . so I be the best memory care in Chicago . I bathe she , I feed she , I give she she pill , I wipe she ass and I do it a helluva lot better than some aide who do not give one goddamn hoot about who she spend 60 year become . he put he cap on . bert ( cont 'd ) ( to Bridget ) get you clothes on , we be late . ( be : the folder ) and put that thing away before you mother see it . he go . the front door close behind he . silence . and then Emma burst into tear . nick whassa matter with you ? Bridget and Emma both turn to he , dumbfounded . BRIDGET emma it 's sad ! it 's sad , nicky , God ! Emma plop on the couch . Nick disappear into the guest bath . Bridget lean down and try to put she arm around Emma , but she swat it away . Nick re-enter with a wad of toilet paper and hold it out to Emma . she glare at he but take it . emma ( cont 'd ) ( to Nick ) what be you , dead inside ? nick almost . Bridget sit heavily in the chair next to Emma . 59 . nick ( cont 'd ) watch the towel , huh , we do not wanna see you whoo -ha . Bridget adjust the towel . Emma blow she nose . then , suddenly resolve : BRIDGET I do not wanna go to edna 's . I hate edna . all she ever talk about be she stupid hip replacement . nick then do not go . BRIDGET ( to Emma ) do you wanna stay here with I ? emma no. nick ( to Emma ) c'mon emma. ( to Bridget ) we will tell dad you get menopause . Emma and Nick head for the foyer . the door close . Bridget be alone . she sit for a few moment . then she go to the bar in the corner and pour herself a drink . int . oak park condo - kitchen - day Bridget , still in she towel , hold a scotch , stand at the kitchen table , look down at the open yellow page . the cordless house phone be to she ear . BRIDGET hi , be this -- hoffsteader construction ?... be this Gerry ? hi , it 's - bitty eberhardt !... hi! listen , you do not do lock , do you ? int . oak park condo - guest bath - day Bridget look in the mirror , fiddling with she frumpy sweater . 60 . int . oak park condo - master bedroom —- day Bridget , in she bra and jeans , shuffles through she mother 's closet . she pull out a ivory blouse in a plastic dry clean bag . int . oak park condo - boudoir - a moment later Bridget button the blouse in the mirror . it 's sheer ; she bra show through . she rifle through she mother 's slip ina dresser drawer and pull out a unopen tv dinner . the doorbell ring . BRIDGET shit . she grab one of she mother 's lipstick and swipe it on she lip , then make a horrify face at it 's brightness . she blot vigorously , pull she hair out of it 's messy bun and race out toward the front door . int . oak park condo - foyer - day Bridget , in the blouse , bra show underneath , stand at the open door with Gerry , who be on a knee , examine it . BRIDGET I be think a lock with a key but the key on the inside , you know ? gerry right , so you can lock it and hide the key from she . BRIDGET exactly . gerry smart . back door too ? BRIDGET yeah , if you have time , that have be - good . gerry for you ? I get all the time in the world . a awkward beat , then Gerry cover nervously . 61 . gerry ( cont 'd ) I mean ' cause it 's a easy thing to do . thing . two door be thing . with a s. take I twenty minute , half hour top , so . BRIDGET great . another awkward beat , then : BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) do you want some coffee ? int . oak park condo - kitchen - day Bridget pull the crock of corn beef out of the fridge and make Gerry a sandwich as he pour coffee into mug . gerry sorry about you mom . BRIDGET oh , thanks . that 's okay . gerry no . no it be not . his unwillingness to dismiss thing people generally dismiss catch she off guard . gerry ( cont 'd ) dad 's be go two year , Mom eleven Easter Sunday . still not okay . ( then ) do not matter how old you be . life be just harder when you do not have parent . a beat , then : gerry ( cont 'd ) do you have sugar ? BRIDGET sugar ? sugar . she open the cabinet to the leave of the sink . a bag of sugar be high on a shelf . she jump for it . gerry here. 62 . he come behind she and reach over she for it , he other hand on the small of she back . there be nothing forward or inappropriate about this , but something about he behind she , he smell , he touch ... her knee begin to buckle . she literally swoon . she step away before she knee give completely , and fumble , light -headed , to steady herself on the counter . gerry ( cont 'd ) you all right ? BRIDGET mm-hmm ! utterly flustered , she pull she blouse away from she chest . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) sorry , I just - get hot , be it hot ? I have low blood pressure . blood sugar . I think I be starve . a beat , then Gerry point , obviously , at the sandwich . she grab a bagel from the plate from this morning and pull the inside out and eat the edge . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) I do not eat ... thing . gerry California girl . she nod , mortify . he pick up he coffee and smile knowingly at she . gerry ( cont 'd ) I get it , you know ? I be divorced too . BRIDGET what ? gerry I have a radar . like gay - dar . divorce -dar . plus no ring , so . she wait for herself to correct he ... but be suddenly mute . he blushes , think he 's overstep . gerry ( cont 'd ) so , I will just - get start . he take he coffee and plate with the sandwich and go . 63 . int . oak park condo - half bath off kitchen - day the distant sound of drilling over led Zeppelin . Bridget pace the small bathroom off the kitchen . BRIDGET ( rehearse ) I be marry , I lose my ring and . I be still marry . I be actually still marry . I be ... you have beautiful biceps but I be ... she slap herself in the face . she 's stoic , then : BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ow . ( then ) I be marry . it be a joke . ( laugh ) gotcha ! funny ! ( sober ) no . not funny . I do not say anything because I , I -- ( to herself ) you do not need to explain , he do not need to know , who be he , he 's dommie 's little brother , dommie 's tubby little junior high brother , who care what he think . ( resolve ) I be marry . can I get you more coffee ? she take a deep breath , step out into the foyer . int . oak park condo - guest room - day - later Bridget , glass of scotch in hand , talk a mile a minute , be rifling through Emma 's suitcase , rambling loudly . BRIDGET ' Cause he 's a wonderful guy , he really be , we do not fight , we do not cheat , we do not - do anything , actually , he 's just - she find what she 's look for : Emma 's cigarettes . she grab they and head out into the -- 64 . int . oak park condo —- hallway - day Gerry stand by the back door , hold a scotch of he own and a afghan for she . Bridget come out of the guest room , still rambling . BRIDGET he 's a checklist person , you know ? College , check , corporate law , check , wife , kid , check check check . she pull at the back door as he drape the afghan over she shoulder . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) which be fine , it 's just that I be not , I be a mess , I be messy , I be - the door be not open . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ( be : the door ) what be this , why be this ... Gerry reach over she shoulder and turn the new key in the lock at the back door . Bridget get the door open . they head out the door and up the step onto the landing . ext . oak park condo - porch - day - continuous BRIDGET I be just so young when we get marry , I mean , 20 , God , Emma 's 20 , she can barely tie she shoe , and Mary , at 20 Mary think she be a lesbian , which - good for she ! she should still be experiment , she 's get the rest of she life to make sacrifice for - what 's he face - Daniel . David ! David ? David . David David David . she open Emma 's pack of cigarettes . there be two leave . she hand he one . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) anyway , what I be try to say be that - I be ... I be ... gerry ( remind she ) you be a mess , you be messy ... 65 . BRIDGET I be amess , I be messy , and I be ... gerry ( suggest ) you - work out ? BRIDGET I work out , I work out , I run , I be a runner , I run ... he light she cigarette for she , then he own . she inhale . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) I have not smoke in twenty year . I do not smoke . I do not drink . I do not eat thing . ( then ) you know , everybody think be alone be so bad , so lonely , no , you know what 's lonely ? laying awake in the middle of the night think this be it , this be the rest of my life , this be as good as it get , and then look over at the man I spend twenty five year with , think - he must be awake too , think the same thing I be , he must be . ( drag on she cigarette ) look over to see he sleep like a baby ? she exhales . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) that be loneliest thing . that . there be tear in Gerry 's eye . gerry Jesus Christ , bitty , goddamn . BRIDGET alone ? alone be great ! I go from my father 's house to my husband 's house , I be never alone my whole life . you have you coffee in the morning , in you little - victorian , with soul , with a porch swing , you have you coffee , do a little write , a little meditate ... 66 . she drag on she cigarette . gerry see , I know you be a writer . BRIDGET I be ... a writer , a lover , a fighter , I be a nurturer , I be - I be - gerry you be sexy as all get out . she blink , rockete back to planet Earth . BRIDGET what ? he get on he knee and come to she . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) oh ! no . no no no , listen I -- she lean back as he get very close to she and ... sniff . gerry God you smell good , you always smell so fuck good . she do not think this through . she try to push he back . BRIDGET uhh ... I be sorry , I be not , I be still - suddenly , he be kissing she . she freeze , paralyze . and then ... she let herself have one second , just one tiny , tiny second before she push he away , just as : nick ( 0.s. ) bitty ! Bridget turn slowly toward the voice , praying it 's not Nick stand in the courtyard with a clear view . but it be , of course . in he parka , cigarette light . nick ( cont 'd ) whoops . gerry hey Nick . nick hey ger. 67 . BRIDGET what - what - what about edna ? nick she 's dead . die this morning . ( then ) what , d’ja change the lock ? they be stand at the front door , you dope , go let they in ! Bridget stare , hold she cigarette , paralyze . Gerry quickly disappear down the stair to let they in the front . Bridget 's eye go wide . she chase after Gerry . int . oak park condo - hallway - second later the Zeppelin play on a boom box on the mail table . Gerry appear in the back doorway and head down the hall toward the front door . Bridget chase after he , panicked , still hold the cigarette , hiss at he : BRIDGET wait ! wait ! Gerry turn . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) can you go - go - in the -- gerry what ? she gesture he go down into the live room . BRIDGET down -- down -- the -- gerry ( be the cigarette ) do you want that in here ? Bridget realize she 's still hold the cigarette . she race back down to the back door and fling it out wildly as Gerry walk into the live room . she race back down the hallway , wave the smoke away , and shut off the music . the new dead bolt lock the door from the inside ; the key be in the lock . Bridget turn it and open the door - to a incredibly piss off bert. 68 . Emma and Ruth sit on the step in the hallway behind he . bert what the heck 's go on in here ? BRIDGET nothing , dad , sorry , the music -- bert sniff the air . bert you be smoking in here ? RUTH be that my baby ? bert you be smoking in my house ? BRIDGET no. bert you be too smoking in my house . Ruth throw she arm around Bridget . RUTH I be so happy to see you ! bert what the heck’re you wear ? BRIDGET hi mom. bert be that you mother 's good blouse ? RUTH whose mother ? bert that I just have dry clean ? Ruth spot Gerry , who be loitering in the live room . RUTH who 's that ? bert who 's who ? bert round the corner and spot Gerry . he freeze . 69 . BRIDGET it 's ... Gerry . Gerry hoffsteader , remember , from mass ? bert be stare at Gerry , stone - face . gerry Nice to see you again , Mr. eberhardt . Gerry approach and extend he hand . bert do not take it . BRIDGET dad ! it 's Gerry ! he 's dommie 's little brother , he 's a construction guy ! bert be stone - face . so be Emma . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) you do not see he truck in the lot ? the - hoffsteader construction truck , he 's a construction guy ! Nick enter the foyer , have come in the back door . he grab a sandwich from the mail table and watch the show . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) he 's dommie 's little brother , we have not see each other since -- ( to Gerry ) -- God , you be in junior high , right ? except for mass . Gerry do not reply , put together piece of he own . Nick look Bridget up and down . nick be that Mom 's blouse ? BRIDGET we be just catch up , he finish the lock , and -- nick dad just have that dry clean . BRIDGET -- ' cause that 's why I call he , to put lock in like they have at the reminiscence Community -- 70 . nick ( mouth full ) reminiscence Neighborhood . Neighborhood . BRIDGET that way she can not get out and you guy can stay here ! nick what ? BRIDGET ( to Nick ) for now ! as long as they do not go to Florida . Ruth have a sudden realization of who Gerry be . RUTH ( to Bridget ; be Gerry ) oh ! you husband ! ( to Gerry ) oh honey ! she go to Gerry and throw she arm around he . Emma turn and march down the hall . Bridget go after she . int . oak park condo - guest room — continuous Bridget walk into the guest room -- just in time to see Emma disappear into the guest bath and slam the door behind she . Bridget go to it and knock / barge . the door be lock . BRIDGET Emma . Emma do not answer . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) Emma ! ext . oak park condo - parking lot - day Gerry load he tool into the bed of he pick -up . Bridget stand nearby , coat -less , mortify , hold she checkbook . BRIDGET can I just pay you ? lemme just pay you , what do I owe ? 71 . he close the tail of the pickup and eye she . gerry so you be not divorced . BRIDGET no . he chew on this . gerry be you a writer ? BRIDGET I be a part- time demo chef ina kitchen showroom . he chew on that . gerry do you wanna have sex ? despite this be a fair question , Bridget be take aback and a little insulted . BRIDGET no . gerry 1500 . she blink at he . gerry ( cont 'd ) include material . she wait for he to say he 's kid . he do not . she bend over she checkbook . gerry ( cont 'd ) Gerry with a G ... h-o-f-f... as she write , he get close to she and take one last sniff . ext . oak park condo - build side door - day Nick smoke in front of the side door , oversee the above . Gerry 's truck pull out , Zeppelin blast . Bridget walk up , shiver , wave Nick 's smoke away . nick chemically sensitive , huh ? 72 . BRIDGET lemme in , I be freezing . nick Nice bra . BRIDGET let I in . his eye narrow at she . she turn entrance . nick they can stay ? they can stay ? and march around the building toward the front he march after she . nick ( cont 'd ) who the hell do you think you be ? BRIDGET the person with power of attorney . nick oh right , Queen bitty , lady and gentleman , spend three day , three fuck day , get it all figure out , throw in a lock , what a genius , why do not I think of that ? she whirl on he . BRIDGET who do you think you be ? I be not ten minute off the plane , you be tell I what to do before I even have a chance to evaluate the situation . nick who be I ? who be I ? I be the one who be here ! she 's startle by he sudden rage . nick ( cont 'd ) me! I be the one get phone call in the middle of the night . I be the one with she geriactrician on speed dial -- she turn and storm up the front walkway . he follow . 73 . nick ( cont 'd ) the fact that he give you power of attorney be the biggest , stinkiest piece of favoritist bullshit I ever hear ! she open the front door into the -- int . oak park condo - vestibule - day vestibule -- and pull on the second set of door lead into the condo lobby . they be lock . there 's a keypad and a list of a zillion resident on the wall . nick oh , you do not know the code ? be not that funny . she squint at the tiny print of resident 's name . nick ( cont 'd ) let 's get Gerry back here , have he change the lock , I will take Emma to the mall , you two can go at it . BRIDGET you know why I get power of attorney ? ' Cause you be a asshole , that 's why . you be a asshole . nick you get power of attorney ' cause you be a chicken shit . he know you would never use it . you be let he tell you what to do you entire life . BRIDGET I have not . nick yeah ? why have you marry Eddie ? she 's catch and it make she furious . BRIDGET because I do not know who I be , that 's why , ' cause Mom have she big career and I be the housekeeper . nick oh my god . 74 . nick ( cont 'd ) who get dinner on the table ? who irone you fenwick shirt ? nick ( cont 'd ) who put a gun to you head ? BRIDGET somebody have to do it , I be the girl . nick oh gimme a break , it be woman 's lib , Mom be run around in a power suit . BRIDGET and dad 's home raise I like it 's 1945 on the farm , tell I to lose ten pound and learn how to cook . nick who tell you to listen ? ( then ) you be not some victim , some martyr , nobody make you obey . grow up , do not be so terrify , do not be such a liar . BRIDGET I be not a liar . nick you have be lie so long you can not even tell the difference between the truth and what you want everybody to think be the truth . a elderly neighbor lady come into the vestibule from the outside and eye they suspiciously as she put in she key . BRIDGET we father life here . nick she do not know the code . neighbor lady ( shaming she ) oughtta visit he once in a while . 75 . nick ( to the lady ) hey . what be you , the guiltmonger ? BRIDGET nicky . the lady 's eye narrow at Nick as they step into the lobby . neighbor lady I know you . you be the one who smoke so close to my rosebush . nick oh , go sit on you rosebush . the lady walk down the hall in a huff . BRIDGET nicky . ( call to the lady ) I be so sorry . nick for what ? what be you sorry for ? Bridget glare at he and start down the hall . then she spin back on he . BRIDGET you know , just because I do not bulldoze people , I be not some bully , talk about chicken shit , bully be the biggest chicken shit around , go you , you , you , lemme tell ya what 's wrong with you so you do not see everything wrong with I ! at least I be not blame Mom and dad for all my bullshit . nick what ? you just blame they for you entire shitty 20 year marriage ! BRIDGET at least I have the gut to try , to try to love somebody , let somebody love I . at least I have something . nick oh I get plenty , honey , believe I . BRIDGET yeah . you get a bar . bert storm out the door , furious . bert get . in . the house . 76 . Nick march past Bridget and step up to bert into the condo foyer . Bridget watch from out in the hall . nick why be bitty power of attorney ? bert ' Cause you be a hothead like you mother . nick ' Cause you be selfish . you know why they improve in the memory place ? Cause they do not have people like you in they face go do not forget I Ruth , do not forget I , do not forget , you be lose you mind . ( then ) the one bless of this disease be they do not remember that they do not remember . until you go and tell they . bert 's jaw set . his eye narrow at Nick . bert you think you be a doctor ? what the hell do you know , you be a bartender for chrissake , almost graduate from college , almost . nick I ama bar owner , dad . bert do you tend the bar ? nick I own the bar ! I own it ! bert do you tend it or not ? nick yes ! yes ! I tend it ! I tend it ! I tend the bar that I own . 77 . I know it 's a real bummer , I hear you loud and clear pop , it 's a real shit fuck deal you gotta admit that to you poker buddy . bert watch you language . Nick glare , wait for bert to say more . he do not . nick she hit on I the other night . she hit on I . I have to tell she she be hit on she own son , you shoulda see the look on she face . Nick turn to Bridget . nick ( cont 'd ) I be do . they be all yours , bit , godspeed . she watch he head down the hall , pull out he smoke . then she look into the condo . bert have disappear into it . she look back down the hallway , empty except neighbor Lady , outside she door , hand on hip , give she a dirty look . BRIDGET what be you lookin’ at ? Bridget go in the condo . int . oak park condo - hallway / guest room - continuous Bridget head down the hallway , eye peel for Emma . she head into the guest room . it 's empty . the bathroom door be open ; it 's empty too . BRIDGET Emma ? ext . oak park condo / nick 's range rover ( parked ) - dusk Nick storm up from the sidewalk by the condo , cigarette in hand , and climb into he Range Rover . he put he head back for a moment . then he turn the ignition . Emma jump into the front seat and close the door behind she . 78 . nick what be you doin 's ? emma ( be : he cigarettes ) gimme one . nick no. emma Mom smoke mine . nick good . you should not smoke . emma either should you . he cave and toss she he pall mall . she take one and light it . they smoke in silence a moment . he watch she puff awkwardly on the cigarette . nick well if you be gonna do it at least look cool for chrissake . here . he adjust the cigarette in she finger . she try it . nick ( cont 'd ) there you go , now you do not look like a asshole . they smoke . emma I can not deal with she . nick nothing happen with that dude . you mom 's a pain in the ass but she 's one loyal duck . emma she 's a hypocrite . ( then ) I hate watch she hate herself . but it 's like if I do not see she nobody else do . ( then ) it 's like I be stick there . on they glacier . the third wheel in they silent treatment . 79 . Bridget come into view on the sidewalk , look for Emma . she do not see they . emma ( cont 'd ) can I go with you ? nick I do not have anywhere to put you . I be live in the basement of my bar . Emma look at he . emma hate yourself too , huh ? nick go on , get outta here , you be spoil my big exit . Emma get out of the car . ext . oak park condo —- sidewalk - a moment later Emma walk up to Bridget , still hold the cigarette . they stop a few foot away from each other . neither of they say a word . and then Emma hold out she cigarette , sly , point , offer it to Bridget . she do not take it . Emma toss it and walk past she toward the condo . Bridget 's eye meet Nick 's , who have be watch from the car . he flip she the bird and pull off . int . oak park condo - guest room - night Bridget and Emma sleep in bed . the door be open . Ruth , in she white nightie , pass by the doorway several time as she pace the dark hall , wring she hand . finally she peer into the guest room and go to the bed . Bridget start awake . Ruth 's face be inch away . RUTH there 's a man in my bed . BRIDGET it 's dad . 80 . RUTH I sleep with we dad ? Bridget open she mouth to correct Ruth . then she remember what Nick say . BRIDGET yeah . Ruth 's face relax . she pad softly out of the room . int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night - continuous Ruth crawl into bed , rouse bert . bert stay in bed , honey . RUTH you be a turkey . bert you be the turkey . he pull she close . Bridget watch from the doorway . int . oak park condo - guest room - day Bridget and Emma sleep . on the night stand , she cell phone vibrate . Bridget reach over and grab it . it 's Eddie . she send it to voicemail . int . oak park condo - bathroom - day Bridget brushes she tooth . her phone be on the counter , play Eddie 's voicemail on speaker . eddie 's voicemail hi , um , you father just call . Bridget stop brush and stare at the phone . eddie 's voicemail ( cont 'd ) he say you be come home tonight ? gimme a call . Bridget stare at the phone . then she chuck the toothbrush at the mirror and march down the hall . 81 . int . oak park condo - foyer / live room - continuous Bridget peer in , look for bert . Ruth be peer at picture on the tree . she see Bridget . RUTH be that my baby ? Bridget ignore she and head around the foyer corner into the kitchen doorway . bert be pour a cup of coffee . bag of grocery sit on the counter . Bridget stand in the doorway and seethes at he . he hold the coffee out to she . BRIDGET I do not want it . bert it 's coffee . BRIDGET I do not want it . bert a course you want it . here . she explode . BRIDGET I be a grow -up ! if I do not want the coffee I do not want the coffee ! he plop the coffee on the counter and go to he grocery . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what do you tell he ? Ruth wander in . RUTH who ? bert nobody . go turn on the Road runner . Ruth wander out . bert ( cont 'd ) I tell he I buy you plane ticket and to pick you up at the airport , that 's what I tell he . 82. he unpack he grocery angrily , shaking he head . bert ( cont 'd ) floozin 's around with some construction bozo , I do not even know who you be . BRIDGET he put lock on , dad , and you be welcome by the way . bert slam down a can of peas . bert what be I , some horse 's ass ? he return to he grocery . bert ( cont 'd ) Eddie be as much a son to I as you brother be . BRIDGET I think you like Eddie more than you like I . and my brother , for that matter . bert oh for chrissake , bitty , what kinda thing be that to say ? ( then ) go get pack , we be leavin 's in a hour . he exit the kitchen . she follow he down the hall -- past the den , where Ruth watch the Road runner -- and into the int . oak park condo - master bedroom - day she shut the door behind she . BRIDGET all my life you have be tell I , there 's no bell and whistle , there 's no bell and whistle . bert there be not . BRIDGET how can you say that ? you have more bell and whistle than anybody . 83 . she 's lose she mind and you still can not live without she . do not you want that for I ? bert of course I want that for you , that 's all I want for you , why do you think I be send you home ? ( then ) Love be commitment , bit , you work at it . BRIDGET I be work at it for 20 year . bert well you work at it 20 more if you want what we get . go home and think about why you marry he in the first place . BRIDGET I marry he because you tell I I could not do better . bert you could not ! Eddie 's a home run ! you wedding be the best day of my life , walk you down the aisle to a man who might deserve you . ( then ) you know what you problem be ? California , that 's what , everybody out there flowin’ in the wind , be - invent , what the heck be that ? you be who you be . I be a husband , a father , a Catholic , I know it ' cause I be it and I never have to think about it . you go home to you husband or you go stay with you brother . there 's no reason to be unhappy in a perfectly good marriage . the only thing she can think of to make he understand be : BRIDGET why be you unhappy in you perfectly good camry ? he look at she , appal at the comparison . 84 . bert I do not wanna look at you . go sit with you mother . BRIDGET I never say I be leave , I be say I do not have what you have . bert you do too ! you think we do not have rough patch ? you aughtta go talk to a priest . BRIDGET I be not a Catholic anymore . bert well there 's you problem right there . Bridget explode . BRIDGET how do you know ? he look at she , startle . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) how do you always know what my problem be ? do I do that to you ? do I march in here say Mom 's go in a home , if you do not like it , go talk to a priest ? ( then ) I listen to you , dad . I ask you what you want and I fight like hell to get it for you because you matter to I , what you want matter to I , why do not I matter to you ? ( lose it ) why do I never matter ? I be capable , I coulda do something , I - - Mom be a feminist for chrissake , do not it occur to anybody to ask I what I want ? bert be astonished . bert we do , honey . we do ask you . you say you could not wait to be a mother . 85 . it lift something massive from Bridget 's shoulder . there be a still moment . the Road runner waft from down the hall . and then - there 's a knock / barge at the door . it 's Emma . emma be grama in here ? Bridget and bert 's eye go wide . they race out into the hallway and look into the doorway of the den . it 's empty . they race to the foyer . the front door be wide open . bert sprint through it . Bridget throw she foot into a pair of bert 's shoe and race after he . Emma sprint the other way , down the building hallway . ext . oak park condo - build entrance - continuous bert bolt out the door and scan the landscape for Ruth . she 's nowhere . he sprint off toward the elevate track . Bridget fly out the building door and down the walkway , hand over she eye , scan into the sun . BRIDGET Mom ! there be no sign of Ruth . Bridget sprint across the lawn . a moment later , Emma race down the walkway behind she . emma Mom ! Bridget whip around to Emma . emma ( cont 'd ) I get she ! she 's at marion 's ! Bridget whip around to bert . he be kneel on the ground , head down . BRIDGET dad ! Bridget race to he , clumsy in he too-big shoe . he do not move . she arrive at he and kneel , terrify . he be sweat , head down , shoulder shaking . 86 . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) be it you heart ? then she realize : he be cry . int . oak park condo - dine room - day the clock tick . Bridget and bert sit at the table . his head be down , but he 's recover . BRIDGET I will stay . I x11 stay and help . he be still for a long moment . then he rise and leave the room . moment later , he return , carry the reminiscence folder . he sit , open it , and pull out a pen . ext . o’hare airport - night the t-bird idle on the curb . bert and Emma pull suitcase out of the trunk . Emma watch Bridget and Ruth embrace . when they part , Ruth 's eye be fill with tear . BRIDGET it 's okay , Mom . I 'il be back ina couple week . RUTH oh , I will not be here . she 's so earnest that Bridget can not help smile . BRIDGET yeah ? where you go ? as though it be the most obvious thing in the world : RUTH I expect my mother 'il want I home by then . Bridget and Emma stare , haunt . bert go to get in the car . bert let 's go , Ruth , it 's cold . bert get in . Emma help Ruth into the front seat . 87 . bert ( cont 'd ) Love you , bit . BRIDGET Love you , dad . they watch the car pull off , then head into o’hare . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - dine room - night Bridget , Eddie and Emma sit at the dining table , Emma in between she parent , eat the dinner Bridget have make . they eat in silence for a long moment . and then : eddie so ? how be it ? BRIDGET Fine . Eddie nod and look at Emma . emma Fine . and it occur to Bridget that Nick might be right , that she 's raise two woman not to say what 's really go on . eddie be they all set ? you dad sign everything ? BRIDGET mm-hmm . yes . I have to go back ina couple week , help they get move . eddie sure . it 's good . it be time . ( then ) Nick 's gotta be pretty happy . be right for once in he life . they eat . Eddie look at Emma . eddie ( cont 'd ) ( to Emma ) do you register for class ? Bridget look down , guilty . emma mm-hmm . 88. eddie oh. well. good. int . nick 's bar - day Sun bounce off the copper bar . two quiet regular watch the mute bear game on the flat screen . Nick be behind the bar with a clipboard , do inventory . the front door open . bert enter , in he coat and hat , newspaper under he arm . he check it all out as he take a seat at the bar . Nick go over . put a cocktail napkin down and look at bert expectantly . he 's not say the first word . bert you do a Manhattan ? Nick turn and mix it expertly . this very moment be the reason he 's perfect he manhattan . bert read he paper . Nick strain the manhattan into a martini glass in front of he , then rinse the shaker . he pretend not to watch bert take he first sip . bert ( cont 'd ) damn good manhattan , Nicholas . head down , clean , Nick smile . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - master bedroom - night Bridget lie awake . Eddie sleep soundly beside she . quietly , she get out of bed . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - emma 's room - night Emma sleep in she bed . Bridget tiptoe into the room and crawl into bed beside she . Emma moan . emma what be you do ? BRIDGET just - let I . Emma let she crawl in beside she . Bridget touch she hair tenderly . 89 . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I just look at you ... and all I see be my baby . emma I know . BRIDGET you do not have to go back if you do not want . emma I can not stay here , Mom . Emma close she eye . Bridget watch she sleep . int . oak park condo - live room - night the clock tick . Ruth sit cross -legge on the floor , look at the picture on the tree . bert hand she a scotch . RUTH be it Christmas ? bert you get drunk on Christmas . RUTH ( pious ) I do not . bert get the present . she pick up the two present as he sit in he recliner . bert ( cont 'd ) here . I 'il go first . he take the gift he buy himself . she look on anxiously . RUTH who get you that ? bert you do , you turkey . she wring she hand , hope she get he something good . bert ( cont 'd ) macadamias ! 90 . RUTH oh ! you love that ! bert thank you honey . she smile at he as he lean down and kiss she . bert ( cont 'd ) you turn . open up . she look down at the box , not sure what to do . bert reach down and gently pull open a flap . bert ( cont 'd ) now rip it . she start to , unsure . bert ( cont 'd ) just rip it , honey . she do . Inside be a long skinny jewelry box . bert ( cont 'd ) open it up . she do , carefully , and gasp . it 's a antique locket on a silver chain . RUTH ooh ! bert c’mere , now , lemme show you . she shuffles to bert spryly on she knee . he open the locket and show she the picture inside . bert ( cont 'd ) you know who that be ? she stare at it hard for a moment . then she remember . RUTH that 's you and I . bert that 's right . you and I . he struggle not to get emotional . 91 . bert ( cont 'd ) ( brightly ) so when you forget , you can just look at it . all right ? tear well in she eye . she know exactly what he mean . she throw she arm around he and hold he tight . RUTH I be so sorry , bertie . he blink back tear and hold she just as tightly . bert it 's all right , honey . I be all right . ext . ranch house - wheaton , illinois - day Nick , freshly shaven , approach the front door of a small house , hold a bouquet of flower and a wrap gift . he ring the bell and mess with he hair nervously . the door open slowly . a tow-headed four year old be behind it . this be nate . he beam up at Nick , delighted . nate hey nicky . nick hey natey . the door open wider , revealing rachel , 40s . she stare at Nick . and then she smile just a little . int . oak park condo - live room - night it 's New Year 's eve. Ruth 's soprano hum auld lang syne . in the light of the tree , bert and Ruth slow dance , she cheek on he chest . int . mary and david 's house - live room - night Mary and David be curl up on the couch . the Ball Drop play on the tv . she be fast asleep on he chest . he gently kiss she forehead as the countdown begin . 92 . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - live room - night Bridget , Emma and Eddie sit on the couch , Emma between she parent . the lady sip champagne . Eddie doze with the remote in he hand . as the countdown hit midnight , Emma nudge Eddie awake . eddie happy New Year . BRIDGET happy New Year . over Emma , they share a perfunctory kiss . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - master bedroom - night Bridget recline in bed with cookbook , copying recipe into a notebook . Eddie come in and begin to get ready for bed . eddie who be Gerry hoffsteader ? Bridget look up and catch she breath , catch . BRIDGET I do not know . eddie you do not know ? BRIDGET I do not know . Eddie turn to she . eddie you do not write he a check for 1500 buck ? BRIDGET oh ! yes . yes . he 's a construction guy . he do some work on my parent 's lock . Eddie stare at she . eddie what have , he replace every lock in the building ? he get up and head into he closet . Bridget breathes . he return with a nicely wrap box and hand it to she . 93 . eddie ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas . she unwrap it . it 's a fancy cheese grater , package in it 's rectangular box . BRIDGET oh ! ( then ) um . I think you get I this already . eddie do I ? open it , they say it be new . BRIDGET oh . maybe it have a new feature or -- she open the lid of the box . Inside , nestle in tissue paper , be a sizable diamond ring in a open jewelry box . eddie figure if I have the diamond upgrade you might stop leave it with the penny in the car . she 's speechless , eye glue to the diamond . then , incredibly move : BRIDGET thank you . ext . STREET - dawn Bridget jog along she tree-line path . she pick up she pace , speed , sprinting -- and then , all of a sudden , she be cry . she stop , sit on a curb , put she head down and let it all go . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - master bedroom - dawn Eddie wake . it be not until he sit up that he realize Bridget be not in bed beside he . 94 . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - dine area - dawn Eddie stop at the foot of the stair . Bridget be sit quietly at the table . eddie be you all right ? BRIDGET you be such a good man . that be one of the most romantic gesture I can imagine . ( then ) the problem be ... what be so , so awful be ... how much worse I feel now than before you give it to I . Eddie shake he head , endlessly frustrated . eddie I have no clue what to do for you . you be never happy , never . BRIDGET do you want to leave ? eddie no . I make a promise . I be a loyal person . BRIDGET so be I . that 's the thing . there be such good reason to keep the promise , to get up day after day , keep go the way we have be go , and that 's why I have this ... weight on my chest , this ... terror that next week or next year or five year from now , there 's gonna come a night where I lay in that bed next to you , wide awake long enough that I get up , walk out the door and disappear like a ghost . ( then ) how do I live with that ? ( then ) somewhere , there be a woman who would make you feel like such a good man without you have to do a thing . ( then ) how do I live with that ? how do you ? do not you want to find she ? 95 . eddie I think I do . BRIDGET when ? ( then ) you marry I for the same reason I marry you . I check the box . eddie I be okay with that . BRIDGET I know . Bridget take a deep breath . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) and I be not . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - kitchen - night Eddie , Bridget , Mary and Emma sit at the kitchen table in silence . Emma look down , pick at a place mat . Mary be glaring from one parent to the other . she scoff angrily . mary you guy really have timing . neither parent say anything . Mary get up and leave the table . a second later , the front door slam shut . Bridget look at Eddie . he shrug , angry . eddie do not look at I . ext . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - night Bridget hustle out the front door as Mary march toward she golf in the driveway . BRIDGET Mary . mare ! Mary stop and glare at she . mary what ? what ? you want I to congratulate you ? Way to go , mom. 96 . Way to finally deal with the elephant in the room , you timing be impeccable . I be wear you fuck wedding dress . BRIDGET I be sorry . Mary start toward she car , enraged . Bridget follow . mary yeah , well , put that in the divorce announcement . we ’1ll stick it in with the wedding invitation . save a stamp . Mary start to lose it . it 's not about she wedding or they divorce . she turn back to Bridget . mary ( cont 'd ) you be sorry ? I be sorry . I be sorry you have regret or whatever , I wish it be different for you , I really do . Mary open the door to the golf , get in , and start the ignition . Bridget open the passenger door and get in . in the golf -- mary ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? BRIDGET listen to I . ( then ) you have every right to be piss at I . and you can be as piss as you be for as long as you need to be . but do not ever question that you and you sister be the best thing that will ever happen to I . I do not have a single regret . not a single one . do you understand ? mary can you please just get out ? Bridget take that in , then open the door to the car . BRIDGET I love you . drive safely . Bridget get out of the car and watch Mary speed off . 97 . int . BRIDGET and eddie 's house - emma's room - day Bridget knock and enter . Emma be on she bed , with she computer , in headphone . a beat , then : BRIDGET be you all right ? emma I be fine . BRIDGET talk to I . emma be you gonna tell I I be wrong ? BRIDGET no . Emma sigh and pull she headphone off . emma do you think this be some big shock or something ? ( then ) you have be pleasing other people for 40 year . the next 40 year should belong to you . Bridget stand there , processing the wisdom of she daughter . emma ( cont 'd ) I wanna move to Chicago . nicky need a barback . and I need a life . int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night that clock tick . Ruth and bert sleep . his eye open . he blink a few time , then look over at Ruth . she be still . he watch she for a long moment . int . oak park condo - kitchen - night bert sit in a kitchen chair in he bathrobe . with shaking hand , he dial 911 on the land line . 98 . ext . oak park condo - front entrance - night bert walk into the vestibule , still in he bathrobe , hold the phone . he slide down the glass and sit on the ground against it and listen as siren grow in the distance . int . rachel 's house - bedroom - night Nick sleep with Rachel beside he , she arm around he waist . his cell phone ring on the side table . Rachel moan . he grab for the phone and sit up . nick hello . as he listen , he drop he head into he hand . int . HOTEL room - night Bridget be asleep . her cell phone ring on the night table . she reach for it . BRIDGET hello ? she lay for a long time , listen , expressionless , until : BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) okay . she hang up . she slowly rise and sit at the edge of the bed , absolutely still for a very long moment . int . funeral home - viewing room - day it 's a large view room , and it 's full . the whole family stand in front of a casket , receive a long line of guest . at the end of the line be Ruth . she 's beautiful , in a black suit , greeting guest , truly remember everybody or do a darn good job of fake it . nate scamper around with a little girl , both in Sunday best . marion be nearby , hold court to a clean up Gerry hoffsteader . Nick walk up and give Gerry a stare-down . 99 . in a corner , a screen play old super 8 family footage . int . funeral home - viewing room - night it 's later . quieter . Bridget and Nick stand at the casket , greeting the straggler . Eddie , Mary and David sit nearby . in a corner , Emma sit with Ruth , who stare down at a fold paper program . on the cover be a recent picture of bert . Ruth look up from the program and look around , anxious . RUTH this look like a wake . be this a wake ? emma yes . RUTH see , that 's what I think it be . she look down at the program again . Bridget walk over . BRIDGET ( quietly to Emma ) how we do ? Emma shake she head . Bridget sit on the other side of Ruth . emma ( quietly to Bridget ) should we take she home ? BRIDGET you ready to go , Mom ? Ruth be concentrate on the picture of bert on the program . RUTH I just - I can not figure out for the life of I whose wake this be . she open the program and put she finger on the name inside . traces along as she read the word out loud . RUTH ( cont 'd ) norbert . ivan. keller . she inhale sharply . she understand . RUTH ( cont 'd ) oh. 100 . she look out distantly at the room . RUTH ( cont 'd ) how could I have forget that ? ext . funeral home - parking lot - night Bridget come out of the funeral home carry a flower arrangement . Nick sit on a curb , smoking a cigarette . she join he . they sit quietly . and then Nick lose it . she put she arm around he and hold he as he cry . int . ST . giless catholic church - day bert 's casket be close at the altar , american flag drape over the top . sunlight stream in the stain glass . Bridget stand at the podium . BRIDGET my dad grow up on a farm in a small town call amboy . he meet Ruth o' Shea at a ice cream social and have a thing for she ever since - even though she would not give he the time of day . after high school , dad go off to Korea . when he come home on leave , he mother tell he poor ruthie o’ Shea have get polio and have not be out of bed in six month . dad march over there , pick she up out of bed and carry she , in he arm , to the movie . ( then ) that be that . he never let she go . ext . amboy cemetery - day the mourner be huddle . it 's a bitter cold day in amboy . a ancient veteran , light blue jacket over he dress blue , play tap on a trumpet . a AIR force official hand Ruth bert 's american flag . the final note of tap hang over the endlessly flat snow . two officer fire they weapon once , and then again . 101 . there be silence . and then the creak of the casket be lower into the ground . int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night in the moonlight , Bridget tuck herself quietly into bert 's side of the bed . bert 's smell be everywhere . she turn to the side . Ruth 's eye be open , look at she . RUTH it be the perfect time . ( then ) any later , I would have forget he . any earlier , I would a miss he too much . right now be perfect . i’1l hardly ever know the difference . it take Bridget 's breath away . she look at Ruth , and Ruth at she , until Ruth 's eye close . int . condo build - storage closet - day / night a overhead bulb click on . Bridget stand in a small storage closet pack floor to ceiling with she parent 's life . she take a deep breath and start scour box . she open one label VA paperwork . it 's full of Christmas ornament . she move it aside and keep search . she find what she 's look for : a box label RUTH . she open it , pull out old clothes and , at the bottom , a box with a see-through cover . Inside that box be Ruth 's wedding gown . int . oak park condo - master bedroom - night Bridget button the back of the dress on Mary . it 's enormous . BRIDGET geez . I guess she be fat then . mary and emma Mom . emma she be not fat . mary lemme see it . 102 . Mary walk to the full - length mirror . the dress be huge on she , and kind of hideous , but it 's perfect . BRIDGET I will never understand how he could look I in the eye and tell I there 's no bell and whistle when they have what they have . mary well how would he know ? she be the only person he ever try to love . he do not know he hit the jackpot . he think it have be that good with anybody . Bridget stand there , mind totally blow . int . oak park condo - dine room - day Nick and Bridget stare each other down over read glass . the table be strewn with a sea of document and coffee cup . BRIDGET you hate the car . nick I do not hate the car . ( then ; relenting ) how would you even get it to California ? BRIDGET I be gonna drive it . ( then ) with Mom . Nick blink at she . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) it 's my turn . and if you wanna fight about it we can fight about it but at the end of the day I get power of attorney , so . they stare each other down . until : nick do somebody find the big girl pants ? BRIDGET shut up . nick hope you get triple A. int . bert 's thunderbird - day 103 . the top be down . the car head into the sun along California wine country , pull a small u- haul behind . Bridget drive . Ruth be in the front seat , a scarf on she head . Mary be in back . ext . BRIDGET 's new house - front door - day Ruth wait in the doorway of Bridget 's modest house . Bridget join she with two cup of coffee . RUTH see I be a fountain girl , in .. BRIDGET amboy . Bridget hand Ruth she coffee . they walk and down the garden path . RUTH in amboy , my father would come on the train , he be a - a ... BRIDGET a engineer . RUTH off the front stoop home a engineer , and bring I chocolate malt ' cause I have ... BRIDGET Polio . RUTH Polio , and consequently ... BRIDGET you get fat . RUTH I get fat , mm-hmm . they sit side by side in the garden , sip they coffee . 104 . RUTH ( cont 'd ) who be we miss ? be we miss somebody ? Bridget take Ruth 's locket , open it and put it in she hand . Ruth look at the picture . RUTH ( cont 'd ) my boyfriend . Ruth snap the locket close . RUTH ( cont 'd ) he 's home . he 's wait for I . he 's always hang around , that turkey . ( then ) you get a boyfriend ? BRIDGET no . RUTH watch out . once he find you , he be never gonna let you go . int . nursing home - long hallway - day Bridget and Ruth walk arm in arm down a long hallway toward a set of double door . a keypad be on the wall next to they . Bridget punch in the code . the door open with a click . int . nursing home - memory neighborhood - continuous it be bright and cheery . on one wall , a bus stop sign sit above a bench . a lady sit primly on it , purse in she lap . a female aide walk through a doorway and smile at Ruth . RUTH be that my baby ? she throw she arm around the aide . the aide hug she back , wave at Bridget over Ruth 's shoulder . Bridget watch as Ruth take the aide 's arm and guide she down the hall . at the end , three lady come out and greet she . they chatter like schoolgirls , all of they battier than hell , and disappear in a gaggle down the hall . Ruth do not once look back at Bridget . 105 . it never get easier to be forget . ext . nursing home - parking lot - moment later Bridget walk to the thunderbird , park in the lot with the top down . she get in and start the engine . she look over she shoulder and back out of the parking space , then put the car in drive , face forward , and gasp . a enormous wild turkey stand directly in front of the car . it be stare right at she . she stare back at it . they square off for a long moment . and then the turkey step out of she way . Bridget , in the t- Bird , smile , revs the engine and disappear down the road . the end .