what price Hollywood 1932 @ bm SOUND hollywood merry ~-go - round adapted from a original Story by adela Rogers St. johns fade in for main title end exposure of credit , there be a background of carousel music . the series of quick dissolves show trick shot of each of the principal character in the story . it be as though they be riding a gigantic merry - go-round . doublenexposure show a background form by various Hollywood place , photographic study of Hollywood . in the foreground be each character riding on @ merry ~ go~round animal . the only character not on @ horse , camel , etc. , be the girl , Mary Evans . she , too , be on the Hollywood merry - go-round , but she be riding in a cinderella pumpkin coach , with two rat for horse . carousel music ( some establish tune that keep the mood of the picture , such as " I be forever blow bubbles " ) ( note : . if desire , the name of each character may be use supernimpose on the scene depict the person pertinent to the play ; thus introduce they ) dissolve out SOUND sertes uf dissolves a bird - eye view ( take from goodyear plimp ) of Hollywood . double sxpose against this birds~eye view the follow : a < a testimonial advertisement for silk stocking . a large picture of a peautiful pair of silk — clad leg . a vignette of a star 's face -- print testimonial : " for real beauty , there 's nothing like shitr silk " ( facsimilie script ) mignon lee " fu a fashion page : ( printed ) ' what the star be wear . Jean summer show she new wardrobe for spring . " there follow a view of a girl wearine a smart street adresse double expose a figure , in smart teddy , don a street dress almost exactly like the one on the fashion page . the page turn «ees» gg a advertisement for lipstick . < a large picture of the lower half of a girl 's face , with lip purse - — - apply lipstick ~- then the caption -- ( printed ) " Hollywood 's favorite lip " Renee Dupont use ' kiss m2 ! lip rouge . " during ths progriss of fursguing lap ' dissolves therz be a phonograph playing ths samz tun as tas BEN heard at beginning of scrien credit dissolves . hie phonograph SOUND carrinz ovir the next dissolve and thruugh part of scene lap dissolve out bm 2 int . mary room = day pull back from lipstick and lip to full shot ef Mary Evans , who be put lipstick on before mirror . she be in a modish but inexpensive ensemble that be in accord with the garb of the motion picture star depict in magazine . SOUND ths phonograph be still playing lap dissolve 3 int . mary room ~ day anothir angle + Mary be at the dress table , complete she toilette . on the dresser be the fan magazine , lie opene she look down at it and turn a page . registers delight . she cut the picture ( €lark gable. ) from the magazine and gaze admiringly at it . SOUND th phonograph be still playing cur to 4 int . mary room = day close up Mary 's mirror . picture of various well know star be paste on mirror , the cam@ra pan to show quick flash of each picture . the picture which Mary now pastes ( or possibly pin to drapery pehind mirror ) be definitely that of Clark gable . the camera pull back show Mary ready to leave . the phonograph run down ag Mary be pick up hat . she go overto turn phonograph motor off . they she play a scene to gable 's photograph . mary fplay scene to sable 's photo ~- in a decide garbo voice and manner ) Goodbye , darlink . I luff you . I luff you , my poor darlink . oh , how I mee you --~ ( she switch suddenly from the garbo voice and manner as she finish the sentence ) ~-~ you great big , handsome lug ! ( 1 ) ( decidedly tough ; she go out of door with a grand manner ) bm of mary oo ap arlmugn tx dal moving shot ~ we follugw Mary along hall . as she walk she be stop by & grandly dress gentleman of middlewage . he be clad in silk topper , morning coat and gardenia , stripe trousers etc . he be carry & small make - up box . he look like a bored banker . man oh , miss svan , would you lend I a quarter ? I have not get the carfare out to universal . ( 2 ) mary get a job , eh ? ' what ' tll the landlord think ? ( she fumble in she purse ) ( 3 ) man itm get . ten buck for a bit . but the director say it be a part that will stand oute ( 4 ) mary ( give he the quarter ) do not forget the little girl that give you a start . ( 5 ) lap dissolve '' ext , eollywocd boulevard store = day Mary walk down street , cam ‘ra following she .. she stop before a store window , where there be a wax model , modernistic , on which be a gorgeous evening gown . as she look at it , there be a dissolve show Mary herself ( as though in 4 dream ) in the same gown that be on the model . suddenly a man come behind she -( in the dream ) and begin to raise she dress as though to remove it . Mary 's face register consternation . she be arouse from she dream and we see & man in the store - window , take the dress from the mannikin , leave it nude - Mary , rouse from she dream , walk out of scene , a bit deflate . CUT to ___ext , hollywo@ boyubvard , ; grauman' chinese - Day long shot - hiary come into lobby of theatre . there be signsof activity . carpet awe be laid , a cluster of sun - arc light be be roll wross the lobby . a big sign say : gala open tonight world premiere of alich durant greatest ficiure '' secret love " — see the st4r in ferson Mary stop the fore a large easel on which a poster pear the picture of alice dyrant in the arm of the lead man . as Mary stand there , a dissolve show she own face take the place of that of Alice . < a theater attendant move the easel to let a sun-arc past and the face dissolves back to that of Alice . Mary drop he purse and look dom as she stoops to recover purse . cur 70 — ext , chinese theatre day close shot - as Mary be recover purse , she sées she be stand on one of the cement block in the lobby of the chinese theatre . the foot-print of Norma talmedge ( or who have you ) be in the particular block where mery be stand . the name of the star be witten there . we see Mary step into the impression of the talmadge ( or what have you ) print . a dissolve stow the talmadge name fade ani the neme " Mary Evans " witten the . then we see a janitor 's floor - brush strike against she foot . ' the foot move , and as the orush move across the print , we see it rub out the print and the name " Mary van " . lap dissolve ext . _hroun derby - lat afternoon 4s Mary com into the shot , anold woman hold out some gardenias for er to buy . she move in . cur to 20 . int . frown derby - late afternoon trucking shot - Mary walk grandly into the place . she pass the salad and cold - cut counter , at which stand a dark ~ complexionei , sheikish employee . he look like Ramon Navarro and se@is out of place in he employment . mary ( in pass ing ) hello , cold cut . ( 6 ) she hurry on ~ pass a booth where two movie executive be sit . first executive woman like dark complect meem . ( 7 ) SEC ond executive it 's a good pat . I think you be right , the Latin type be come ba&k . remember what I tell ... ( 8 ) his voice trail as nery pass . she ges by a table at which two man anda womn be sit . second 1.an . ( at a table halfway toward kitchen - tohis companion , brag ) . and wes I drunk , and . be she beautiful ? well , the next day I ... ( 9 ) his voice al trail of for amid laughter as Mary pass . she keep walk , pass another man at telephone . he be excited and apparently be bargain - ing . he be a insipid fellow . third man why should I take less ? I be worth twenty - five hundred a week of anybody 's money . I get a name , I be box office . you ougit to know ... ( 10 ) cont inued his voice also trail as Mary come to booth where muto be sit by himself . muto give she the eye . Nick be stand by muto . this part of the set be near the kitchen door . Nick look at Mary with disapproval . nick ( to lary ) what 's the matter with you watch ? ( 11 ) mary I have get a electric clock and forgt to pay the bill . ( 12 ) nick maybe you be too good for this job ? ( 13 ) ( he walk away ) mary ( call after h im ) listen , you heel , be you that dumb you do not know I be stick here - ( give he the big garbo business ) - because I get a great beeg love for you ? ( 14 ) . ( she go into the kitchen . muto take in the scene . ) lak dissolve tq Mary come out of kitchen door , backwards . she be carry a tray on which there be many sugar bowl . she put traydown on a serve table and then take a full bowl cf sugar to muto 's table . she pay no attention to he as she replace the empty sugar bowl on muto 's table with the full one . he reach over andtale she hami . she look at he with restrain disgust . continued vit se muto listen , sugar . do you want to ep in picture ? I just write a great part for agirl like you . ( 15 ) mary ( tale she hend away ) why do not you stick to ble kmail ? ( 16 ) muto ( he be sore - th rateningly ) want I to call Nick over ? ( t7 ) mary sure . call he over and tell about that seventeen - year- old girl you put in picture . ( muto be perturb ) and I will call you editor and tell he he 's get e keyhole - peeper and a black - mailer for acolumnist . ( 18 ) ( she go to table where two dear old laiy be sit ) ong old L my ( size Mary up with approval - to luar y ) what a beautiful girl ! why arentt you in the movie , dear ? ( 19 ) mary that 's what I wonder myself . ( 20 ) second old lady you be the prettiest girl we have see . ( 21 ) mary ( to second old lady ) that 's awfully sweet of you . you will see I in picture same day . ( 22 ) C ow inued be yun liny . ly first old lady we brother own a theatre bac :k in muncie , Indiana . his name 's James licGuire . ever hear abouthim ? ( 23 ) mary sure . who have not ? ( 24 ) they smile as she ges out of the scem . cur _ to ___int . frown derby - eariy bv ening third man , as in scene 10 . he 's close he telephone conversation . Mary stanis beside he to take order . . third man ( over telephore ) that 's my price . I just get through meke a personal appearance tour over the falsy - walsy circuit and I be box office . I get boxoffice stick out ell over I . so long . ( he hang up and look up at Mary ) well , what you get ? ( 25 ) mary I get box office , too . ( 26 ) third man ( who have no sense of humor ) iwant somecold mt . ( 27 ) mary alotof ham ? ( 28 ) cur to 13 , ___int , brown derby = early evening 14 ~ second man , asin scene 10 . he be still brag . he be a homely , loud-mouthed fellow . second man ( to he companion , brag ) and be she beautiful and ws I ore ) 29 mer y look at the sugar- bowl and find it be almost full , so she pass on . cuz to _2nt._brown derby -_ bskiy evening first esecutive , as 'in scene 10 . they be still talk shop . one executive be wite on table eloth . < a closeup of table cloth stow a column of figure . firlt executive woman be get feed up with blonde type . ( 30 ) second executive like I say , the Latin type be come back . ( Mary be put sugar into the bowl ) look at Clark gable . he 's through . the Latin type ... ( 31 ) his voice trail as Mary gos toward salad counter . she stop to put down she sugar tray . cur to Mary and the salad haa . mary a order of cold cut for hr . box uffice. ( confident ial ) listen , the Latin type be come beck . I just hear that - ( she ms off ) - big prodwer crack to he 13 32 ccld cuut what do I tell you ? ( he be hold a big salem i be gesture with it ) you can fool some of the people all the time , but you can not never fool the american woman . they want the sophis - ticate love . ( 33 ) ~ mary I will take a good old - fashioned cowboy . ( 34 ) cur tq 16___ . ext . brown derby restaurant - evening carey and gardenia woman . carey drive up in he roll royce town car . his man , James , hand he from the car . Mr. carey be rather slopped . the gardenia woman hold to she ware , gardenia W cman will you have a gardenia for yur button - hole , Mr. carey ? ( 35 ) carey itll buy they all . ( 36 ) continued woman all of they ? ( 37 ) carey yes , mother . ( bring out handful of bill ) I will control the gardenia market , then nobody else will have any and I will get all the gin . ceive she the mowy ) here you be . ( 38 ) wolan you do not need gardenias to get girl , lur . garey . ( 39 ) ~ carey just for that I be go to send you home in my car . ( 40 ) woman oh , Mr. carey ... ( 41 ) carey ( to James ) take she home , James . — ( 42 ) ( he hand she into car , meanwhile hold box of gardenias under one be -- he kiss herhmd . as he lean into car ani . say goodbye ) woman ( as they start off ) thanks somuch , Mr. carey . do not forget I in yournext picture ... I would be arother Marie dressler . ( 43 ) T 79 17 ! int , brown derby - evening trucking shot -+ carey with gardenia box under arn . as he pass booth and table , he imitate flower girl toss he blossom . when he get to table occupy by executive of scene 10 and 14 , he seem to be tired . executive leave table be be help into coat by Nick . all the while during carey 's gardenia march , there be a succession of greeting , to each of which he reply with ' what 's new ? " inc . dental hello , carey ? go to a funeral ? good evening , mr.. carey ! ( 44 ) as carey reach table which be be desert by movie executive , carey collide with a mannishly dress woman , who be on she way out . she give hina dirty look . ee carey ( to mannish wanan ) I be sorry , sir . ( she give he a glare and move out of scene . he look after she , hold - ing a.gardenia towards she , off ) who will buy my violet ? ( 45 ) cur 20 . 18 int , brown derby restaurant - night '' carey and Nick . Nick motion for carey to sit at table where Movie executive have be dining . nick congratulation , Mr. carey ! ( 46 ) conrrmued fs 1g_____—scont ened carey for what ? ( 47 ) nick ( indulgen tly ) for the fine picture they be open tonight . ( 48 ) ( clap hand for waitress ) carey sit down . look at figure write on tablecloth . cor to 19 int . brown derby restaurant - night Mary and another waitress . they be fill glass with water . Mary nudge the waitress . mary there 's carey } in one of you booth . let I wait on he , will you ? I give you wallace beery last week . ( 49 ) waitress okay , but how much bonus do I get ? ( 50 ) mary you can have the tip . I be look for a break . ( pause ) and I be go to get it , ( 51 ) ( she move off to carey ) cur to 20 int . brown derby - night muto . he look off at carey . be interested . get up . cur to 21 int . brown derby - night Mary be start to change tablecloth on carey 's table . carzy {he have a pencil . look at column of figure ) just a minute . last tablecloth I eat on be ten thousand dollar short . bring I six glass of water . six separate glass , ( 52 ) mary go to put out a fire ? ( 55 ) carey I say six glass . ( 54 ) mary and how many pot of coffee ? ( 55 ) muto enter scene . carey pay no attention to he . muto sit down . carsy ( to Mary ) one pot of black coffee . «und six glass of water . ( to muto , whom carey evidently dislike , pointedly , as though muto be still stand ) wo not you have a seat ? ( 56 ) ts continued - 2l____contenued Mary go out of scene . muto how about give I a full page ad for the new picture , carey ? ( 57 ) carey every hour you be out of jail you be away from home . ( 58 ) muto somebody 's be knock I to you . what you get against I ? ( 59 ) carayy you parent for one thing . they should have know better , every time I read that column of yours , I burn up . «am I keep you from go some place ? ( 60 ) muto you get I all wrong . I be only try to get along . ( Mary enter with a tray bear & pot of coffee , cup and saucer , silver , napkin and six glass of water , she put they on the table . he ogle she ) hello , sugar ! ( 61 ) Mary ignore he greeting , ' continued 21 continued carey ( he take each glass of water as it be hand hin and put gardenias in the glass - to Mary ) here ! {he push one glass with gardenias toward she ) take this to that dear old lady . ( 62 ) ( look off ) mary can you spare it ? ( 65 ) ( she take glass and gardenia and move off ) muto I hear you get a wow of a picture . ( 64 ) carly I bet they count the silver every time you eat here . ( 65 ) cur to 22 . cin , brown derby - night same two old lady of scene 1l . mary ( set glass down with gardenias ) Mr , carey - ( nodd off ) - send this to you . ( 66 ) first old lady ( look off , nodd and smile ; to she companion ) myra , it 's the man I say resemble brother Jim . ( 67 ) contied fs 22 continued second old lady ( to Mary ) how thoughtful ! who be he , dear ? ( 68 ) mary maximilian carey , the great director . his picture , " secret Love , " open tonight at grauman 's chinese . ( 69 ) first old lady I wonder if he could put we in one of he picture ? ( 70 ) we 70 int , brow ! derby - wight carey ( call off ) miss ! oh , miss ! bring I a telephone . ( to muto ) see you remind I of something unpleasant , thanks , ( 71 ) muto ( rise and move out ) if that 's the way you feel . ( 72 ) cur du 24 int . brown derby - nigh ? Mary bring telephone and plug it in . carey be try to manage he coffee , but be shaking and have difficulty . mary what you need be a couple of straw . ( 73 ) carey that 's a good idea , bring I the straw that break the camel 's back . ( into telephone ) gladstone 1025 . ( to Mary ) what 's a pretty girl like you do ina place like this ? ( 74 ) mary I be just study human nature . ( 75 ) caruy ( he get he number - Mary stand by ) hello : that you , sweetheart ? believe it or not , you can not guess where I be at . what 's that ? you do not give a what ? neither do I . ( the party on the other end evidently hang up . he jiggle the receiver- rest hello ... hello ! ( he hang up and turn to Mary ) now do I say anything that would insult a lady ? ( 76 ) mary no -- I think you be awful sweet to she . ( 77 ) con ' 20 24 cont dyed carey that 's my trouble . just sweet . I be go to take a lady to the open . I forget to go get she , and she forget to be a lady . ( 78 ) mary but , Mr. carey , people do not realize you be a genius . ( 79 ) carby do you know something ? I once propose to a woman for say just that , ( sadly ) then she turn around and sue I for fifty grand . ( 80 ) . mary sued you for be a genius ? ( 81 ) carey no . sued I for fifty thousand solier } 82 mary anyway , you get a lot on the ball and do not let anybody kid you . ( 83 ) carey you be the smartest girl I meet tonight . when I order six glass you bring tem and do not ask what for ? or do you ? well , now I be go to ask you something else , and do not ask I what for ? ( pause ) will you go with I to the open of my picture ? ( 84 ) cont tnued fs 24 25 . coutinuzd mary ( take it big ) itve never be to a open , I mean , of course I 'li go . but what will people think ? ( 85 ) caruy think be a lose art . ( 86 ) tary I have not get any evening clothes , but I get the cutest dress , just like the one Jean summer wear . gee ! will I get and you will not be ashamed of I . I gt plenty of ambition . I do not know it all , but I catch on . I will go change . where will I meet you ? down at the ion 87 ~ carey out in front at my car . ( 88 ) Mary put he bill on table . she go out . carey rise , squint at bill , and move toward door . cur to ext . broun derby - nigi ? mo . shot . uniform doorman be just close , some - body 's car door . car drive off . carey cone from restaurant . doorman taxi , Mr. carey ? ( 89 ) gsontinued 25 26 22 continued carey no . where 's my car ? ( 90 ) do orm do not you remember , lir . carey ? you send you car away with the old flower woman . ( 91 ) carly ( remember ) oh. ( 92 ) ( he look off and see : ) k ext . struet - brow durby - wight m&d. shot . a batter Ford be stall about eight foot off the curb and other car be try to pass it and honk . aman be try to crank it , sweat and swear . he get so mad he kick the tire . carey enter scene . carly if she turn over , I will buy she . the man give he a look , then give the cara mighty heave and she turn over . carey ( cont would ) ah ! how much ? ( 93 ) cont dud fs 26 continued man well , would thirty - five dollar be too steep ? ( 94 ) carey make it fifty and I will take it . ( 95 ) ( he peel off three bill and hand to man ) 27 ext . stock shot grauman 's chd this shot be for atmospheric purpose and build - up for the evening 's progression . actual scene , stock shot , people at microphone , but no identification . & cur to 28 int . brown berby restaurant - night the locker room in Brown derby . Mary be almost dress to so out . another waitress be there , waitress youtre not go to the open dress like that ? ( 96 ) mary why not ? you get to be different to be a success in Hollywood . and I be step out with the big shot that give birth to this opera . baby , will not I look swell - riding up in a roll -royce} ( 97 ) waitress I will admit I never see anybody look bad in a roll , ( 98 ) continued 28 continued mary and you never will . ( 99 ) Nick come in . nici ( to Mary ) why be not you out there tend to business ? ( 100 ) mary Nick , I just heen invite to the open . ( 101 ) nick all right , miss Hollywood . if that 's the way you feel . you be all wash up . through . ( 102 ) mary ( sweeping grandly from the room ; speak as tough as nail ) in you Brown derby ! ( 103 ) cur to 29 ext . brown durby - night carey and Mary . there be a dilapidate Ford at the curb . a open car that look as though it have lose the World War . carey bow and offer to hand Mary into the car , carey wear he monocle here and in earlier shot . mary ( rather suspicious ) what be this , a gag ? ( 104 ) continued fs 25 29 con =d cardy no . ( 108 ) mee mary you take I just for a laugh ? ( 106 ) woman hdéme and forget all about it . you know ? .. j- see this stand here andbought it . fifty buck . come on , get in . you know the motto of Hollywood - itt all in_fun ... ; { 107 ) att a-hola it " toge the wil you '' arive . ( 108 ) they get in and the car start off . * SOUND motor starting lap dissolve outt ? '' 30 sl lap dissolve in ext . chinese theatre - night full view of the crowd at the open . General scene . incidental voice of announcer against noise of crowd . incidental noise listen , folk , here come Richard dix and he beautiful wife . : here be James K. mcguinness , supervisor of " State 's Attorney " . the celebrity be come so thick and fast , it 's hard to tell the thick from the fast . ( 109 ) cur to & ex ? chinese theatre - night mo . close shot - carey and Mary in traffic , with two extraordinarily fine car before they at curb before theatre . close up of Mary and carey . mary gee , but you be swell . you let people laugh at you , and all the time you be laugh at they . ( 110 ) he give she a grateful look , revealing that she have analyze he character perfectly . cur to 33 SOUND close shot ~ look toward curb with people approach a microphone beside which stand a woman who have the appearance of a actress after age have catch up with she . announcer miss Kitty knickerbocker will again take over the microphone and ' describe a few of the creation this beautiful , gorgeous star be wear to the open of this epic , ~ colossal , terrific masterpiece . miss Kitty ... ( 111 ) miss kitty miss georgie Van raalte , the ingenue of this picture be wear ... ( 112 ) ( note ; miss pemberton will oblige with description ) ~ cur to ext . chinese theatre - night mo . shot . the Star , Alice durant , be be help out of she car by two attendant . there be much applause . saxe get out of car after she . applause Alice get out , bow , more applause . her car pulis out . as she come closer , it be see that she have much too many orchid . saxe be escort she . a close shot show he beam . as they walk , they hear a terrific peal of laughter . they both turn . alice that fool ! ( 113 ) continued 33 , SOUND continued saxe I tell you , het a genius . ( 114 ) the camera follows saxe and Alice a short way and then pan back , hold scene at curb , where carey be hand mery from the car . there be much excitement and honk of horn . honking of horn and laughter attendant but , Mr. carey . ( he be flustered ) you can not leave you car there . ( 115 ) carey ( walk away ) my good fellow , it 's yours . ( 116 ) attendant but I have a car . ( 117 ) carey this one 's pay for . ( 118 ) cur to 54 ext . chinese theatre - night 2s ee saxe and Alice at microphone - alice ( very low , lazy voice ) hello , everybody . Zverybody , hello . charme . ( 119 ) announcer and now , lady and gentleman , I wish to introduce the man who produce this epic picture . Mr. julius saxe , owner of Olympic picture , ( 120 ) saxe ( excited ) hello , everybody . hello , mama . oh , mama , the picture be go to be a big success . it be terrific . sold out for a week in advance . I be glad to tell you this , mama . I hope this make you rheumatism feel wh better . now everybody come see " secret Love * and get a education . I be the only producer that think the audience be older than fourteen . I think the audience be nineteen at the very most . goodnight , mama . you can go to bed nowe while saxe be talk the camera pull back and include carey and Mary . saxe by now be in the seventh heaven . he notice carey , who stand dourly beside Mary . saxe even smile at Mary . Mary be hold carey 's hand in a forthright , girlish fashion . saxe ( cont would ) ( to carey ) oh , here be Max carey , my genius director . he vill say a few vurd . maxie , sey something over the microscope . ( 121 ) continued of 35 carey my dear friend , I owe all my success to beef , Iron and '' line , ( 122 ) ( he give a raucous raspberry ) he be about to continue when the micronhone - man hastily intervene . announcer Excuse the static , folk . ( 123 ) carey that be not static . '' ( Mary be laugh ) now , I will introduce that great heroine , Mademoiselle from armentier . ( 124 ) ( turn to Mary ) mary ( over mike ) . legionaire , I be sorry I be not really Mademoiselle from armentier , that you sing so mich about in the war . I be just Mary Evans , and some day I hone youtll sing about my dramatic ability like you do about medemoiselle 's cooking . I thank you all . {she turn and nause . she lock off ) cur _ to ext . chinese theatri : - night a close shot of Kitty knickerbocker eyeing Mary 's plain outfit and shaking she head . she be desoribe the outfit of the star over a separate hook -up . ( miss pemberton will again oblige ) this description have be hear as a tonal background , faintly , during scene 32 - cur_to ext , chinese theatre + night mary ( cont would ) ( speech as though continue over mike from scene 34 ) ' and I suppose , friend you want to know what I be wear tonight . ' yell , it 's a rather simple little ensemble , in very good taste . ( detail to be supply by Mrs. pemberton and end with : ) and what 's more , I earn the money to buy ¢he material and then make it myself . so dontt believe all the bad thing you hear about Hollywood . ( 125 ) fade out 37 SOUND 39 mr see ext . carey' apartment - day on tov of a hill . lap dissolve int . carey' bedroom - day curey be asleep , partly dress in trousers and dress shirt , with bare foot and a monocle in he eye . we do not see the front of he shirt at this point . as we fade in the telephone be ringing . it ring twice . carey open one eye and then reach over and remove receiver , drop it on the table . then he groan and turn over . cur to int . corner of hall - day - James , a valet and general house - man , be answer , telephone . jame yes , Mr. saxe . he 's still sleep , mir. saxe «- . oh , no , not intoxicate , merely exhaust , sir ... I will give he all you message as soon as he wake ud - ( or ) yes , Mr. saxe . he 's still sleep ..- oh , no , not unconscious ++. sleep like a baby . but itll give he all you message as soon as he waken - ( 126 ) he hang up with a look of comic despair and start out . cur to mr sn ae Al = SOUND carey be slowly get out of bed in a half daze . he wet he lip sourly . James enter . jame good morning , mr- carey - mr+ saxe have call several time . he seem in quite a temver . ( 127 ) carey goodt maybe he will have apoplexy . ( 128 ) carey go into the bathroom and James , see the telephone receiver off , replace it . cur to int . carey' apartment - bathroom - day - carey be prepare for a gargle - at the beginning of this shot , we see he before he bathroom medicine closet ( over wash bowl ) . the door of the closet be open and carey be select a tremendously large bottle of listerine . he do not bother to get glass , but take a slug of listerine and start gargle as he shut medicine closet door . he set down the great bottle as the door close and he glimpsis self in mirror . he see some hand - write on he shirt front and be puzzle , as it be ( of course ) in reverse in mirror . evidently think - ing he hes the jitter , he knock over the huge bottle . of dropping bottle and crash of glass then he spurt the listerine against mirror and carefully pick way through break glass . ( shot of sear foot on tile floor , with shard of glass show ing ) James come into scene he be carry a whiskey bottle . we to ans 6 var ce oe ne James and carey at bathroom door , the latter be terrify . carey James , do I cut my foot -- I be afraid to look ? ( 129 ) jame ( look down ) I do not see any cut , sir . ( 130 ) carey {takes bottle and drink ) James -- ( gesture to shirt - front ) -- will you read this fan letter ? ( 131 ) ( note : make jame - confom to ( read while carey be drink ) miss bennett ) ' Mary Evans . five foot , three inch , weight 102 pound , complexion blonde , sing end swim , ride horseback . telephone : gladstone 5309 . " ( 132 ) carey ( take pencil from James ' breast pocket . hold bottle up to light , squint , then carefully mark it at liquor level , and give James a know look } I wonder who -- ( 133 ) jame it must have be the young lady . ( 134 ) carey ( hand bottle and pencil back to James ) do I bring somebody home last night ? ( 135 ) continued mr 43 SOUND jame no , sir . somebody bring you home this morning . ( James nod he head , off ) she 's asleep in the library - ( 136 ) James go out . carey look mystify . he glance at he bed and then at the door . he pick up a dress gown + cur to int . carey' apartment - morning the alcove where carey 's liquor cabinet be locate . James be about to put the bottle in closet . he look around knowingly , then examine mark on label , take a healthful swig , remark the bottle and put it away . the telephone ring off scene . James go to answer . - cur to int . carey' apartment - morning the Library . mery be asleep , curl up in a huge chair . & robe of coyote skin , really a rug , be drape over she . carey be lean above she . he watch she for a few moment . she rouse , seem at sea . mary ( give a Little start ) oh ... ( 137 ) carey what 's new ? do you have a nice sleep ? ( 138 ) continued mr 44 continued mary I have only be asleep a little while . I be out on you verandah look at the city light . gee , it 's swell up here on the mountain so clean and quiett ( 139 ) ~carey just what happen last night ? ( 140 ) mary oh , nothing . you pass out in the middle of the picture . ( 141 ) carey be it that bad ? ( 142 ) mary it be well direct , but that damet and be she leg-conscioust ( 143 ) James enter , apologetically . jame Excuse I , sire it 's Mr. saxe again . he ask what youtre do ? ( 144 ) carey well , James , you tell he we be all have a wonderful time and we wish he be here and I 'il write later . ( 145 ) continued 44 continued vt jamz {ealmly ) - thank you , sir. ( 146 ) ( he withdraw ) carey ( turn to Mary ) do not I insult somebody last night ? I 'ye a vague memory of ..-. ( 147 ) mary nobody but muto . you trip he when he be walk down the aisle . and , boy , be I worried you would lose you monoclet ( 148 ) carey ( laugh - then , frankly ) May I ask you something very personal ? ( 149 ) mary why not ? ( 150 ) carey just where and how do I meet you ? ( 151 ) mary at the Brown derby . I buy you from another waitress . ( 152 ) carey buy I ? _ ( remember ) oh , yes «.. you work there . ( 153 ) continued ir continued mary no . I do , but I give up my job for you , palsy - walsy - ( 154 ) carey ( pour drink from decanter on low table . sit on arm of chair . there be a french telephone on the table ) well ... ( 155 ) mary I suppose you want to know how ET get up here ? you be plaster . I bring you home in a cab . the driver and I carry you up this mountain . all you do be yodel . '' a big help ( 156 ) carey and you be so charme by my yodel you could not leave I . ( 157 ) mary well , I be look for a break in picture . I think you might give I a chance . ( 158 ) carzy what do you know about that ? ( 159 ) mary well , I be no wise guy , but I believe in myself . all I need be a break . ( notice he as he keep pour drink ) anyway , do you have to drink all the time ? why do not you stop . the heavy swilling ? ( 160 ) continued mr carey what ? snd be bored . all the time ? ever work in picture ? ( 161 ) mary not yet . but I keep hang around Central caste . say , will you write they a letter for I ? ( 162 ) carey I will do better than that . you be a great kid . I yodele , dié i° I do not do anything else ... I mean --- ( 263 ) mary I know what you mean . no . ané it be a novelty . ( 164 ) garey ( rather sadly ) I guess itm slip . well , what 's new ? I will tell you . you come to the studio tomorrow morning and come on my set . ( 165 ) mary gee , thatts great ! ( 166 ) carey now , itm send you home in my car . ( very confidentially ) itm give you my telephone number , and do not spill it . ( not think a while ) know something ? I forget ite anyway , look it up in the book . it 's list under the name of my chinese cook , hip song lung . you think I be screwy , do not you ? ( 167 ) continued mr conlin SOUND telephone ring mary no , I know you be screwy . ( 168 ) ( she kiss he on the cheek ) then she go into hall and yodel , cary yodel back . SOUND tho telephone ring . fade ouT bs 45 46 ext . stre=t_- day James be at wheel of carey 's roll - royce . Mary be seat grandly . sie look in purse and find only a quarter . she speak to James through the tube . mary ( very ritzy ) James , will you stop at the Brown derby and go in and ask for Mary Evan 's pay - che ck ? ( James nod ) ( she hang up and continue to wallow in grandeur -- she find mirror and compact in side fixture -- she fondle campact -- she take the powder puff , dab she cheek , look in mirror ; into mirror ) Mary , you look like dog meat rie yorn . 169 Mary find a elaborate and huge cigarette case , she open it to discover a assortment of brand , she take a cigarette and then use the car-lighter . the car halt before the Brown derby . a uniform * button " come forward but James get out and go into restaurant . button get a eyeful of Mary , look amaze and dash into restaurant . cur to int . brown derby - day shoot towards the street as James enter and go to manager 's Office . button come to the cash counter and speak to the cigarette girl . Nick be stand there . Nick and the girl look out in amaze - ment , where they see the roll -royce . button get a load of that , will you ? ( 170 ) they all register amazement and incredulity . nick ( slapping he chest ) you see - - - when they work for I , they get someplace ..... ( 171 ) James approach he ... cur _ to bs 47 insert 42 ext . brown derby - day muto see Mary in the roll . he !s hold some papers in he hand , he have other copy in he pocket . . muto well , well , sister . you have put ina good night 's work . ( 172 ) mary be you sell papers , my good mant ( 173 ) muto no , Lady ! I write tem .... and you can consider yourself a success . you have finally hit my column . ( 174 ) ~ he hand she a copy . she take it . muto still watch she . curt_to close up of muto's paper , " the hollywood tattler " muto *s column : '' rieling around hollywood " ( cut of mito in body - type ) " producer saxet latest atrocity ' secret lovet wobble all over the screen last night . in fairness to director c.rey , he do not wander as much as usual . but he be slip . by the way , who be the little blonde that act as he main crutch at the open ? no doubt she be familiar to diner at the Brown derby . heighot " bs 49 50 51 52 ext , STREET - at gar = day 43 Mary fold the paper and without a word daintily drop it in the gutter . James come from restaurant with some money which he hand to Mary . jame he say you only have six - fifty come , miss . ( 175 ) ( take money ) to my town house , James . ( 176 ) 's ext . STREET - day longer shot ~ James bow and take he place at the wheel and they drive off . - fade out fade in ext . saxh studio - day lap dissolve ext , lot - day with certain amount of activity . lap dissolve ext . lot - day mo . close shot - of Mary walk along , a pink studio pass in she hand . sie be over - awed by this place she have dream about . se look off and see : bs 53 SOUND ' SOUND ext. lot - day pan shot of administration Building , pro jee tion Building , Film veult , camera Building , wardrobe , etc . people hurry in and out . Mary 's eager eye take in everything -- a big truck pass she , load with extras in costume . the next moment she hear a voice yell : voice hot point ! ( 177 ) Mary move aside to let a cameraman pass . he earry he tripod over he shoulder . sound truck pass , a beautiful star pass , accompany by she may , with make - up box . two still cameramen be shoot pub - licity picture of some bathing girl . Mary walk on and come to entrance of stage . a bell ring , but the door be open , and timidly she enter and look about , as though she be in a Cathedral . the stage be enormous and at the extreme end , carey be rehearse he company . Mary start toward they . the attendant close the door behind Mary . more bell ring . " 6 we _ to int . SOUND stage - day mo . shot - carey be watch as a scene be be shot . the camera be turn . the actor be speak they line . clarice but I see you kiss she . ( 178 ) clark I be only sorry for she . I would do as much for any girl . ( 179 ) carey cute ( boy .rur out with scene number ) how be it for sound ? ( 180 ) continued le. we ne ana ammrarm ee voice 0.k. for sound . ( 181 ) electrician kill tem . ( 182 ) light go out . carey that 's all for today . ( 183 ) 55 int . SOUND stage - day mo . shot - saxe jump up as he hear carey speak . Mary arrive at the edge of the group . saxe go to carey . 56 int . SOUND stage - day closer shot . saxe why you say that 's all for today ? ( 184 ) carey ( very nasty ) because I say three hundred extras on the set at nine o'clock and they be not here . ( 185 ) : bs continued al{ ne lnu ly 20 ae 46 sake ( with grow indignation ) yes , and you say three hundred extras on the set yesterday morning and you be not here ! what kind of monkeyshine be this -- you be drive I crazy ! I should pay three hundred extras seven dollar and a half a day while you sleep off a drunkt D ' you know how much be three hundred time seven and a half ? ( 186 ) carzy no , and neither do you . I 'ma director , not a bookkeeper . and if you want I to finish this masterpiece , give I what TI ask for and stay off the set : ( 187 ) saxe Three hundred extras be too many ..... a thousand time too many ! I give you twenty - five . ( 188 ) carey and you expect I to shoot a embassy Ball with twenty - five people ! maybe you want I to play it ina aati booth . 189 saxe all right . this once I give in to you . you can have a hundred and fifty extras . ( he stamp off ) ( 190 ) continued bs 56 continued carey ( call after he ) make tem all twins} ( then he motion to assistant} my tea . ( 191 ) prop boy dash up with a tup of whiskey . carey look at he and grunt inquiringly . prop boy nod . carey drink . at this moment , Mary step up beside carey and speak . mary ( brightly ) hello , Mr. carey . ( 192 ) carey ( look at she blankly a minute ) what 's you name again ? ( 193 ) mary , ( a bit crestfallen ) Mary Evans . ( 194 ) ( and she yodel softly ) carey oh..- cit 's yout that 's right ! fcall off scene ) jimmie ! ( 195 ) Assistant hurry in . continued 56 continued jimmie yes , sir . ( 196 ) caarzy this 's miss Evans -~ for that bit part on the stair . take she to the wardrobe and pick out a good- look evening dress for she . have she on the set , make up , at eight this evening . ( 197 ) jimmie yes , sir . ( to Mary ) come on . ( 198 ) - mary thank you , Mr. carey . ( 199 ) jimmie come on ! sap into it ! ( 200 ) he start off . Mary run a couple of step to catch up with he . carey take another drink . eade qt okey it. statryay set ~- night Mary , carey , Assistant and other ready to start scene . carey turn to slectrician . carly let 's have that baby spot . we will rehearse this once more before we take it . you know what you have to do kiss Evans . ( 201 ) . mary yes , sir , I think so . ( 202 ) carey dtyou know you line ? ( 203 ) mary ( without any attempt at inflection ) hello , buzzy , you have not propose to I yet tonight . ( 204 ) carey thatts right . take you position half way up the stair . Mary go half way up the stair and . take she . position . the actor , Clark , come and stand at the foot of the stair . carey ( cont would ) ( call ) all right , miss Evans , come on . ( 205 ) continued Mary walk down the stair , she knee shaking . she hang onto the rail to help herself , then let go . at the bottom , Clark step forward to meet she . Mary manage to articulate the line . mary ( darkly ) hello buzzy . you haventt propose to I yet tonight . ( 206 ) then she be suppose to see someone off the scene and she face must register fright . she do she best with it . clark what be it Rosemary ? be you i11 ? ~ ( then they stop and loek at carey . pause ) ( 207 ) carey yes . suppose we try it once more . come down the stair lightly , eracefully .. do not hang onto the railese . you be sobere . and speak you line with more animation . put a little zip into it .. now remember you be a good look wench and youtre go to make this poor sap down here propose to you . now let 's try it . ( Mary go back up and wait for carcy to speak ) all right . come one ( Mary take avout three step when he stop she ) go back . now do not walk on you heel , puease , and do not clench you fist . this 's not a fight , it 's a love scene . come one be gayee smile ... ( 208 ) Mary come down the stair , obviously on she toe , with a funny springy movement . at the bottom Clark meet heir . continued pce ce a neerentne ata mary ( with a frighten grin ) hello buzzy . you have not propose to I yet tonight . ( she giggle out consciously , then look up , and she face change to what she think be horror ) ( 209 ) clark vihat be it Rosemary ? be you i11 ? ( 210 ) carey all right . wrap ‘em up . wetll take it in the morning . ( to Assistant ) you better line up another gal for I , 4 ( 211 ) assistant yes , sir . ( 212 ) Mary hear and touch 's carey 's arm . he turn and see she . liary I be not very good , be I ? ( 213 ) carey oh , you be all right . now you must not be discourage . you keep in touch with I . I may have something else for you some day . ( 214 ) pce continued 57 continued — _ mary ( lip tremble a bit ) I think I could do it better tomorrow . ( 215 ) carey ( reach in he pocket ) that remind I ~ you say you leave you job . here 's some money . you be go to get along fine . ( 216 ) mary ( with she pride to the rescue ) thanks , but I have plenty of money . good night . ( 217 ) carey ( pleasantly ) good night . let I know what 's new . ( 218 ) Mary hurry away assistant how many extras for tomorrow , Mr. carey ? ( 219 ) care ' Three hundred . ( 220 ) assistant yes , sir . ( 221 ) cur_to pee 58 int . studio -- night traveling close shot - Mary stumble along , plind by tear , pass a wall and reach the revolve gate . place camera for a straight - on shot and show she come through the gate , pause and try to go back - see the gate only work one way . stands look back a moment , then , still weep , hurry off . lap_dissolve 59 ext . mary apartment build - night Mary , with drag foot , come to front door and go inside . CUT to 60 int . hallway - night ~ Mary slowly ascend the stair . half way up , she get a idea . she turn and start gaily down the stair . as she do so , we see the landlady come from a door at the rear , reach the bottom of the stair just as Mary do . landlady ( who have once be in picture herself ) hello , Mary . how do you get along at the Studio today ? ( 2224 mary ( enthusiastically ) oh , swell , Mrs. Bangs . I do a bit . I would not be surprised if I gota contract . ( 223 ) landlady now , do not be too quick signing up , dearie . you might do better free lancing . ( 224 ) ( she go into room at bottom of stair ) pee / continued pce amuse — SOUND 61 62 Mary run up the stair and start doggedly rehearse she scenee as she come down the stair and say - mary dontt walk on you heel ... dontt clench you fist ... be gaye . smile ... let go the rail ... smilese ( and do she smile . at the foot of the stair she say ) hello , buzzy . you have not propose to I yet tonight . ( 225 ) a clock in a tower begin to boom out eleven otclock , at beginning of scene lap dis s0lve close shot - face of clock - night the hand move from 11 to 12 and strike . then to one , and strike . lap dissolve int . hallway - night Mary come down the stair , lightly and gracefully . at the foot of the stair she say she line perfectly - provocatively . mary hello , buzzy . '' you have not propose to I yet tonight . then she see the imaginary person and a look o* fear and horror come over she face - ccut_to pce 63 int . fro.t door - night half open , and in it stand the actor to whom she give the quarter . he applaud with evident sincerity . CUT to int , hallway - night Mary , smile , pleased with herself . mary ( cont would ) will that knock he dead tomorrow morning ? - or- wait till he ask I what 's new tomorrowt ( she nod she head as if to say , '' I will show hin , " and start up the stair ) ( 226 ) fade out fade in 65 56 int . protsction room no . 3 the scene fade in during the projection of rush . it be a chinese war drama . some wick ~ look chink be show shoot feel as the scene fade in , machine gun towards audience . SOUND machine gun firs the scene in the foreground be dim . ' je see silhouettes only of head , a door open . we hear saxe 's voice . he be anery . sake who 's there ? k light . ( the light go up ) ~ ‘le see Mary , who have wander in . saxe ( cont would ) ( thunder at Mary ) what you come in for ? huh ? who be you ? get out ! ( 227 ) mary I be sorry . ( 228 ) ( she leave ) int . prujsction booth Mary show in projeotion machine booth , peek through at she picture as it be be run . bm cur to 67 int , protsctiun room the light go off and the rush continue . this time the rush be the scene carey shot with clarice and Clark follow by the bit with Mary and Clark . on the screen Mary come downnstair , Clark meet she and it be all do exactly as be sav Mary rehearse it on she stair . dialogue on screen : mary hello , buzzie . you have not propose to I yet tonight . ( 229 ) clark what 's the matter , Rosemary ? be you au 230 with a man with slate comé before camera and be show on screen . saxe ( excitedly ) . terrific ? who 's that gorgeous creature ? ( 231 ) the light go upe carty that 's the little girl you just ware ay 252 saxs sign she up immediately . ( turn to he secretary ) make a note of that , miss spiegel . ( 273 ) continued , bm 67 , continued miss spigel ( she have a bottle and a spoon ~~ he pour a spoonful of medicine and give it to saxe ) yes , sire ( 234 ) sake - maybe she 's a big discovery . ( to miss spiegel ) tell they to run it over again so I can see the girl . ( 235 ) miss spiegel go to telephone on table and ring . cur to 68 int . projection machine booth - SOUND the telephone ringse the operator lift the receiver operator okay : ( he look wisely at Mary and hang up ) he want to look at you stuff again . it 's a good sign . ( 236 ) close seot of Mary . her face be a study of happiness . mary ( incredulously and amaze ) gee . thatts I talk ! ( 237 ) ( she voice from screen carry over she remark ) cur to bm fey int . projzotion roo , saxe and carey be sit together . cecil be take dictation . sax ( finish a cable ) send this cable to we London office , too . what 's a big word for collosal ? ( 238 ) miss spisgel tremendous . ( 239 ) saxe no . that belong to the burner Brothers Studio . take it . have just see rush of chinese picture and it be positively stupendous . ( 240 ) um miss spie stupendous . ( 241 ) sake I like stupendous better and tremendous , do not you , carey ? ( 242 ) carey one 's as bad as the other . they use they both to describe flop . ( 243 ) continued bm 70 continued 60 saxe make it " terrifie " . it sound successful . terrific box-office . terrific crowd . terrific talent . that 's the word . terrific . to we New York office , copy Mr. huliban , Mr. grossmiller , Mr. '' »« well , to everybody . we new picture , " Cloud over China " be terrific . this should bring stand line pack to we theater . it be terrific . ( carey start out of door -~- saxe to carey ) just a minute . where 's that girl I just throw out of here ? ( to miss spiegel ) vake it a day letter . ( 244 ) carey I dantt know . ( 245 ) saxe well , find she and bring she pack . ( 246 ) cur _ to projection booth operator he mean youe ( 247 ) mary ( excited -- holler through aperture ) itm here , Mr. saxe. ( 248 ) ( then she dash out of booth ) cur to bm 7l_____projzotion room saxe look up at aperture as if he have hear something -- het not quite sure what . dash in the next instant Mary mary hére I be , Mr. saxe. ( 249 ) saxe hm sit down . what 's you name ? ( 250 ) mary Mary bvan . ( 251 ) with saxz Mary Evans . well , we.can change it . ( 252 ) carey ( with irony ) . but Mary be a grand old name , saxie . great boxoffice . ( 253 ) sake all right . we keep it . I give you seventy - five dollar a week for the first three month , a hundred for the next six month . one hundred and fifty for the next year , five hundred for the follow year and @ thousand a week after that until seven year . you be make 4 million dollar . ( 254 ) mary ( gasp ) a million dollar . ( 255 ) contin si ) bm . continued saxe Ana if you make good , itll be the first to tear up you contract and give you raise '' here 's a dollar in hand on a thirty ~ day option ... , that make it legal . ( turn to miss spiegel ) miss spiegel , ring for all my head of department ... and get mama on the phone . I must tell she I discover a new stare ... ( 256 ) carey who discover a new star ? ( 257 ) saxe maxmilltan carey discover a new star ... ( saxe go through he pocket ( 258 ) for a piece of paper and pencil ) carey you be welcome . ( 259 ) saxe ( turn to Mary ) you name ...«. Mary evans. ( 260 ) ( write it down ) while he be figure on she : name we hear miss spiege1 yoice come cyer the scene . miss spiegel' voice Mr. saxe want a 1 ] department head in projection room Three right away . and get mama saxe on the long distanceser . medea bath , mt. clemen , Michigan . ( 261 ) continued 21 continued sa it 's all right . it come out lucky . what day be you bear ? ( 262 ) mary August 26 , 1912 . ( 263 ) saxe . ( call ) miss spiegel . ( 264 ) miss spiegel' voice yes , Mr. saxe . ( 265 ) with saxe ( take he flower from buttonhole , smell it and return it -- miss spiegel enter ) her horoscope . she be bear in August . miss spiegel know all about norog een 266 miss spiegel Mr. saxe , it 's a terrific ea " the star be all in tune . ( 267 the head , meanwhile , have trooped in and be stand . saxe ( take he flower out and smell it ) gentlemen , the star have decreed this young lady shall be a star of the . high magnitude . ( 268 ) continued : bm a1 continued chorus congratulation , Mr. saxe. ( 269 ) saxe ( to miss spiegel ) do you get mama on the phone yet ? ( 270 ) miss spiegel ( go to telephone ; over phone ) dia you get mama saxe on the phone yore ) 271 two men how be you mother , Mr. saxe ? ( 272 ) ~ saxe thank you , gentleman . mama 's rheumatism be better , but she should not travel before venus cross Mars . ( to Mary ) mama 's get rheumatism in mt. clemen ( to the head ) now , gentleman , I tell you what we should do , we start a national publicity campaign about miss Evans .... we make she a famous siren ~ @ girl no man can resiste .. we give she a few lover ~ not too many .-. just enough to make all the other woman wonder how she do it -.... you , Donald , you think up 4 scandal we can publish about her.e. & nice respectable scandal that everybodytil like ... if any rich man commit suicide in the next few week , publish a rumor she refuse to marry he ... miss spiegel , take a note . get she a library . she read only the Old Masters , rex Beach , rupert Hughes , longfellow and Shakespeare , and some good Greek , Eugene o'neill . ( 273 ) continued bm 2 continued miss spizgel you mother , Mr. saxe ~ on number Seven . ( 274 ) sake ( turn to a writer ) and grover , I want you should write a story for miss Evans «« . about a woman of flame . we get the best dialogue writer in New York come next week . he will write the word . you do not have to do nothing but write the story , the business what they do and where they do it . this dialoguer will write everything they say . '' can you do that , grover ? ( 275 ) grover write a story without _any dialogue ? ( 276 ) saxe that 's right . no dialogue . ( he take down receiver ~ be all excitement ) mama '' be that you ? yes. julius . I be so lonesome . great news , mama . I be create a new star . she will be a siren , mama . ( shout ) : . no , not a police siren , mama , & young Dietrich . another duse , garbo , all roll up . do not worry about the money . sure it cost money for long distance . do not worry , mama . it 's a modern age . T have all my head here . they send they love , mama . ( he look at they and they all nod as he nod , in perfect time ) good bye , mama dear «se . it 's worth its I love you . ( he hang up ) a man 's best friend be he mama . ( to treasurer ) lease a house . seclude and colossal . call up the bank and get a house thatts peen foreclose . ( 277 ) continued 66 2h continued carey rise to leave . mary oh , Mr. carey ! I be in picture ? ( 278 ) . ( throw arm about he neck ) carey well , do not blame I . ( 279 ) saxe do not go way , carey . I want to have a talk with you . Goodbye , Mary . ( 280 ) mary Goodbye , Mr. saxe. Goodbye , Mr. carey . ( 281 ) carey Goodbye , Mary . watch you option , now . ( Mary go out surround by head of department , all talk to she ~- carey turn to saxe ) well , what 's new ? ( 282 ) saxe carey , I like youe you be a fine director . | ( 283 ) carey all right . what have I do now ? ( 284 ) continued bm bm pl continued se saxe thatts it . it will tell you . you be slip , carey . all the time with a bottle ... all the time shiker .... no longer you care be the scene go0 deaee no longer you care be filn be waste .... all the time re-take .+. all the time over schedule . ( 285 ) carey ( with mock seriousness ) well , now let 's think a minute , saxie .... who can we get to take my place ... ( 286 ) saxe ( immediately conciliatory ) now , itm just tell you this for you own good , carey . you be even lose you memory with this drink business . you be get mashugeh . it 's no good you gotta stop . five year ago you be ten year ahead of the business and now you be not quite even with it -- and what 's the answer ? whiskey ! 's ( 287 ) carey you be right , saxie . what the picture business need be light wine and beer . ( he get up and reach for a ( 288 ) cigarette fade out mr 72 SOUND 23 fade in ext . polo field - day long shot - picture troupe be on location in senta Barbara . some of the polo player on they pony be practise on the field . the sound truck and cameras be in position . carey be yell instruc - tion through a megaphone . cur to ext . polo field — day mo . shot - Mary and the other member of the company , in make - up , be eat they box lunch . mary how be Three - bottle carey today ? ( 289 ) lst actor '' in he usual form . ( 290 ) another actor this be the worst box lunch itve meet up with yet . ( 291 ) ist actor if you be not here , you would not he eat at all . who want a apple ? ( 292 ) mary I do . ( actor toss it to she . she catch it expertly with one hand - do the imitation of Dietrich in " Morocco " - sing ) vot be I bid for my apple ? the fruit that make Adam so wise ... ( 293 ) cur to have 74 ext . polg field ~- day mo . shot - Clark , the lead man , in polo clothes and make - up , and a good- look young chap also in polo clothes , but without make - up , be stand , watch Mary - her voice in the rest of the song come over this shot . mary voice ( off scene - sing ) ( get word of song ) ( 294 ) borden ( admiringly ) say , she 's clevert ( 295 ) clark ( a bit bored ) oh , she 's get something . ( 296 ) at this moment carey enter scene . carey all right , Mr. borden . you team be all ready . will you tell Mr. Clark what to do ? ( 297 ) borden turn and motion off scene to someone to pring they pony . then he turn to Clark . borden d' you mind , mr- Clark , if I show you how I hold the mallet ? ( he demonstrate with he own mallet ) and wrap the thong about you thumb like this . ( 298 ) continued ir £& continued ~ clark thanks , but I always hold it this way . ( 29 ° ( have thong wrap about wrist ) borden I know , but if you mallet gst foule with another mallet or you pony 's leg , you be pull off . ( 300 ) carey that 's right , clarkt you could not learn a thing from Mr. borden . het only the best polo player in the country . ( 301 ) clark with well , itve play polo before myself . ( 302 ) two pony be lead into scene . borden mount one , Clark the other . cur to 75 , ext . polo field - day mo . close shot - Mary be seat before a , nake - up table , fix she make -up . she look up and see borden and Clark riding down the field . mary there 's that one that ride so well -- who be he ? ( 303 ) maid Mr. carey say that be lonny borden . ( 304 ) mr continued os 75 continued ist actor yes , that 's borden . he 's a nine - goal man . ( 305 ) mary ( with renew interest ) oh , I like himt he make my heart go potata - potata . ( 306 ) cur to 76 ext . polc field - Day long shot - two team go into action -- some nice riding from lonny borden , and then suddenly a mix - up around Clark . ~ 77 ext . pomc field - day mo . shot - Clark be pull off he horse - borden come riding up and quickly dismount . orrey come run in . borden I be sorry -- be you all right ? ( 307 ) clark ( frostily ) quite , thank you . ( 308 ) ( ue get up , a bit daze ) carey sure you be not hurt , Roger ? ( 309 ) clark ( with dignity ) I be quite all right . ( 310 ) mr continued be 27 continued bordev ( sympathetically ) I be afratd you hold the mallet wrong -- that 's what I tell you . ( 311 ) clark actor and child , mr- borden -- you get to let them see for themselves . ( 312 ) borden would you let my doctor look ves ous ? 13 clark no , thanks '' I will have my personal physician fly up from Hollywood . ( 314 ) ( limp off . toward he pony ) borden but my doctor 's a orthopaedic ‘sy ( 315 ) carey his doctor be a brain specialist . ( 316 ) Mary enter scene -- borden be about to mount he pony . mary ( to carey ) be he hurt ? ( 3517 ) carey I do not think so . oh , miss Evans , this be Mr. borden -- miss Evans be we lead lady . ( 318 ) continued ie continjed borden yru do not have to tell I , curey . I be a Evans ! fan. ( 319 ) mary and I be a borden fan . see you ride do something to I . ( 320 ) borden see you on the screen do something tome . ( 321 ) carey ( call ) all right , mr- borden . Roger think he ean finish the scene . ( 332 ) - borden all right . ( 383 ) ( he turn back to Mary ) mary ( hold out she hend ) Goodbye , mr- borden . ( 324 ) borden ntake she hand } do not say goodbye .-. May I come back ? { 325 ) mary sure. ( 326 ) borden smile ( and I mean smile ) , mount he pony and ride off . 78 ext . polo pield = val 7 longer shot - borden ride into the center of the field and everybody take he position . ad lib talk . 79 ext . polo field -- day mo . close 's shot - Mary stand beside carey , watch . mary be lonny borden marry ? ( 387 ) carey no . het strictly a breach of promise guy - ( 328 ) mary think hetd go for I ? ( 329 ) carey never hear of he refuse anybody . ( 330 ) mary . what a mant ( pause ) look at he ride ! ( 331 ) cur to 80 ext . polo field - day mo . - long shot - show a spectacular ride with lonny make a goal . fade out mr fs fade in 8l int , mary suite - santa barbara HOTEL - night Mary and may . SOUND the telephone ring . servant answer telephone . maid who 's call ? ( turn to Mary ) itts Mr. borden. ( into phone ) she 's busy now , could she call you back ? ( listen +.then to Mary ) Mr. borden want to know if you will come to he bungalow for a cocktail -- Mr. carey be there ? ( 332 ) mary «=» tell he tye '. ( 333 ) cur_ t0 82 . int . borden' bungalow - night borden and carey , carey be slopped up . borden what sort of person be this miss Evans ? ( 334 ) carey do not ask I . if I start talk about she , I be liable to shout myself sober . ( 335 ) continued _ {0 continued borden but , be she involved anywhere ... part of anybody 's pattern ? ( 336 ) carey Mary 's the kind of girl the next morning you could tell you mother what happen the night before . ( 337 ) borden what 's you interest in she ? ( 338 ) casey my interest in Mary ? you would not understand it . ( 339 ) ( he pass out on couch ) Mary enter . borden rise . borden oh , hello ! ( 340 ) Mary go over to carey . one of he leg be hang off couch . she lift he foot and straighten he generally on the couch . carey ( mumble -- refer to he leg ) I be ... want ... to do that ... for a long time ... | ( 341 ) continued fs at borden ( offer Mary a chair . she sit down ) want a highball or a cocktail , Mary ? ( 342 ) mary May I have a glass of ginger ale ? ( 343 ) borden ( sit beside she ) do not you drink ? ( 344 ) mary sure I do . but not just to be drink . ( 345 ) borden you need not be afraid of the liquor . ( 346 ) mary I be not afraid of anything . ( 347 ) borden then we will have dinner serve here . ( 348 ) mary let 's go where there 's a crowd , ( 349 ) borden ( study she ) then you be afraid ? ( 350 ) continued — 82 continued mary no . I would just like to dance - with you . ( 351 ) borden all right . / ( look at carey ) what 'll1 I do with we horizontal er eeel 352 mary let he sleep . Hut take all he match away . last winter he set fire to - napoleon 's bed in Mr. saxe 's beverly Hills home . ( 355 ) SOUND they go out . after a moment the telephone ring insistently . carey rouse and answer . carey ( half - conscious ) who d' you want ... huh ? Long distance ... who ? ... Mr. carey ? .;. Mr. carey ? ... oh , yes , this be Mr. carey ... oh , it 's you , saxie . good old saxie ... what 's wee '' 354 cur to 83 telephone - hollywood saxe be talk into phone . saxe there 's nothin ' new , yesterday you be five day behind schedule . today you be seven day behind . there 's nothin ' new about that ... huh ? , .. sure I see the rush ... and I want to ask you , carey , - why be it you go to film a polo game and in the background you show cow and sheep _ eatin ' grass ? the script do not say nothing fs about wild animal ... , 355 ) 84 int . borden' bungalow - night carey at : telephone . carey what script ? I never read any script ... listen , saxie , why d'tyou bother I when I be work so hard ... ( 356 ) ous to 85 telephone - hollywood - night saxe at telephone . sake that 's right , carey , you be work too hard -- you ought to get a long rest . suppose I send up another director to finish the picture ... what anyou say ? 357 cuUT to 86 int , borden' bungalow - night carey at telephone . carey I say nert ! ( he hang up the receiver - look around , see a bottle and start for it ) ( 358 ) fade out fs iat 87 SOUND 80 fade in int , santa barbara HOTEL supper room - night borden and Mary be at the table . the place be far from full . the few person present be of a stilted , social order , the majority of they elderly . aa rather dignify string orchestra be saw out age dance tune . the dance floor be all but desert . a fogey couple be walk through the waltz , ata table some distance from Mary and borden , and sit at borden 's back , be a old goof in stiff evening array . he be alone . borden dtyou want to dance ? ( 359 ) mary ( with a nice smile ) no. ( 360 ) — borden you want to eat some more ? ( 361 ) mary . ( different inflection ) no. ( 362 ) borden want to go for a walk in the moonlight ? ( 363 ) mary ( look at he with a little grin ) no. ( 364 ) borden now you ask one . ( 365 ) cur 70 bm int . santa barbara HOTEL suppzr room - night Zlderly Guest as he flip another cracker , this time catch it in he mouth . his mouth shut like a trap and he beam , just as borden , follow Mary 's gaze , look around . both laugh . mary who be that goof juggling he dinner ? ( 366 ) borden that 's John appelby , Jr. ( 367 ) mary junior ? how old be he father ? ( 368 ) borden . nobody care . he 's get a hundred million dollar . now , do not you wish we would eat in my bungalow ? ( 369 ) mary yese ( 370 ) borden then why do not you ? ( 371 ) mary I do not know . why do people do lot of thing ? why do people worth a hundred million snap at oyster cracker ? ( 372 ) borden ( irrelevantly ) you know , I could like you a areal en ) 373 continued bn 88 - continuzd mary anything stop you ? ( 374 ) _ borden let 's get out of here . ( 375 ) : ( they rise and move away from table ) lap _ dissolve 89 ext . biace ~ night Mary and borden walk along they come toa romantic spot . borden let 's stop here . ( 576 ) mary it 's a beautiful night ? ( 377 ) borden ( he voice be color with feel ) let 's stop , Mary . ( 378 ) mary ( stop long enough to say -) lonny , I do wht want to be just another girl and another night to you . ( 379 ) ( then she walk on ~ he follow beside she ) continued bm vu ses thanks , borden wary , do every fool you meet go off he head about you like I have ? ( 380 ) mary ( smile teasingly ) lonny ? would you call he a fool if he dia ? ( 381 ) borden ( grab she fiercely ) yes , if he let you laugh at he ! ( 382 ) mary ( sweep by he emotion ) I 'mseeee not laugh , lonny . ( 383 ) borden Mary ? could not you like I a little ? ( 384 ) mary ( try to get back to the kid foot ) : maybe I could like you a lot ...- if you would not mind let I breathe while I consider itee ( he release she a little - she smile ) ( move she body from side to side ) kot a bone break eithere + »+. ( 385 ) borden will you be serious or have I get to drow myself ? ( 386 ) 's mary that 's a idea . come one ( 387 ) ( she grab he hand and start to run tovard the water 's edge ) cur to 90 . ext . ro:7 uf cabanas Mary and borden run into scene . mary this be mine . carey 's be next door . you will find a bathing suit in it . ( she move to gn into she cabana , but he still hold she hand - try to draw she up to he , but she stop he ) we be go swim ! ( 388 ) ( she break away and go inside cabana . borden run to the one next door . } cur to 91 ____int . cabana Mary turn on a table flash - light and find bathing suit . she hurriedly remove she clothes . 92 ext , jatir be zdg - night Mary and borden be run toward the water hand in hand . as they hit the water Mary stop and chatterse . mary " ugh ! it 's cold . ( 389 ) borden ( grab she hand ) come on ? get wet ! ( 590 ) they wade out and dive into the surf . stay with they a few moment and then - lap dissulv out bm — lap dissolve in 93 ext . raft - moonlight oo Mary and borden swim to the raft . as he climb aboard and help she on , he say : borden here we be . we get the whole ocean to ourselves . ( 391 ) they sit , foot in water . his arm go about she . suddenly he kiss she throat back of one ear . mary lonny . one of we have get to be sone oe ) 392 borden it 's not go to be I . ( 393 ) mary be I go to have to walk home from this raft ? ( 394 ) borden Mary , I be crazy about you . ( 395 ) mary then try to be nice . ( 396 ) borden I be try . ( 397 ) ( he put both arm about she and they lip meet ) bm conte tied 93 continued mary we would better go back . ( 398 ) borden not afraid , be you ? ( 399 ) mary t'd be kind of silly if I be not . ( 400 ) and she dive overboard with borden follow . they swim a few stroke and we -- fade out ts 94 87 fade _in int . saxe's office - day mo . shot - carey and saxe be in serious conference . saxe 's desk be pile high with still , which they be look at , neither of they say a word . only they expression get over they reaction . saxe look at still of a girl and frown , hand it to carey , who cock he eye admiringly . at this moment the door be throw open and Mary 's voice be hear . mary voice ( excitedly ) Drop everything , boym . ( 401 ) carey and saxe look up . Mary enter scene . carey ( half rise , he lap full of still what 's new ? ( 408 ) Mary swiftly extend she leave hand on which be a large , square cut diamond , or emerald . the two man look at it and then back at she . saxe be it a present , or do you pay for it yourself ? ( 403 ) mary it 's a engagement ring . ( 404 ) ( rise ) you can not do it . who would be foolish enough to marry a movie star ? ( 405 ) mary ( laugh and turn toward door ) lonny borden . ( 406 ) cur to oo 95 int . saxe's office - day mo . shot - borden stand lean against side of doorway and smile . Mary come to he , and teking he hand , draw he to saxe and carey . saxe oh - Mr. borden . well , that 's different . ( he start press button ) when you go to do it ? ( 407 ) borden in a couple of week , at the Little Church around the corner . ( 408 ) 's saxe Little Church nothing . at the biggest church in beverly Hills . ( into box on he desk ) send I all my department head ... send I my publicity director ... and my fashion designer ... and anybody that know anythin about wedding ...« ( back to Mary and borden ) itm go to give you the biggest wedding Hollywood have ever talk about ... how many bridesmaid will you need ? ( do not wait for a answer ) not less than six .. six big name ... the biggest star from every studio ... ( 409 ) mary ( interrupt ) but , Mr. saxe , I do not know that star 's + . ( 410 ) saxe that dontt matter . they will be glad to be bridesmaid for the publicity . we will film the wedding in color and send it out for a newsreel ... we will invite the President , the Governor and the Mayor . ( 411 ) continued ts 95 continued 89 carey do not overlook the Chief of Police , saxe . . ( 412 ) by this time three head of department enter and the publicity director , also the fashion designer , sake gentlemen , go into a immediate conference and develop I some idea for a outstanding wedding -~ something terrific . ( 413 ) curtis for a picture , Mr. saxe ? ( 414 ) saxe no , for the newspaper . ( he turn to the fashion designer ) and you , Mrs. ---- ( he can not think of she name ) -- you design I three or four chanal model for a wedding dress ... something sensational .. ( 415 ) fashion designer yes , Mr. saxe . ( 416 ) borden pardon I , Mr. saxe , but miss Evans might like to select she own wedding gown . ( 417 ) continued tm 95 96 continued saxe you do not understand , Mrs borden , I pay Mrs. what 's she name twenty five thousand dollar a week to do nothing but think about clothes . ( turn to publicity director . telephone ring ) Donald , you make immediate contact with all the newspaper , the wire service , the syndicate , the fan magaziness .. we will announce this wedding at the top of we lung see get stilis of miss Evans and Mr. borden together - drive , play golf , eat swim , doihg everything oo get the whole country excited «report to m you plan this afternoon +e . ( into box ) miss spiegel , get mama on the Long distance eee who ? o+s put he on oes ( take down telephone rece iver ) hello ee» ( 418 ) int . saxe's office - day mo . shot - Mary , carey and borden . mary . ( with a little smile and extend a hand ) be not you even go to wish I luck ? . ' ( 419 ) ' carey ( take she hand and :at it - look as if he be go to say something sentimental - then smile and say flippantly ) what 's tne use ? you know it can not last . . ( 420 continued 96 continued borden ( pleasantly touchy ) what can not last ? ( 421 carey ( crassly ) my liver and a movie star 's marriage . ( 422 ) mary we know you liver can not last , saris . 423 borden oh , he 's just crabbing because you be marrying I instead of he . ( 424 ) carey ( querulously } shut up , will you ? I know I be the face on the cut room floor . ( 425 ) 's mary Nice old carey ! you stick around in case we need retake , ( 428 ) 9 ? 98 insert int . saxe's office - day mo . shot - saxe seat at he desk , telephone to ear . saxe well , call I back when you get she . ( hang up and rise ) now --- if we do this right , we get all the world talk about we wedding . we get a merger of two big industry -- motion picture and Society -- and I tell you what will happen -- ( 427 ) lap dissolve int , five and ten cent store - day mo . shot - a girl be show magazine to another clerk . Magazine have picture of Mary and borden and carey , and be caption in effect : ~ magazine item " jilt director for polo STAR the biggest wedding Hollywood have ever see will take place next month when Mary Evans marries lonny borden of Santa Barbara and oyster Bay . " clerk that will put carey back in circulation . ( 428 ) a customer interrupt . lap dissolve out 99 insert 100 insert lap dissolve in int , STREET car - day or night mo . shot - a middle - age woman eagerly read a newspaper over the shoulder of the man in front of she . newsp4per . headline say : " polo star win screen STAR ) picture of Mary " Mary Evans and lonny borden will be marry at St. bartholomew 's Church before a brilliant audience of world renowned people . " lap dissolve int . town car - day a distinguished look gentleman read a paper - winchell 's column . column in psaper " Mary Evans be say to have turn down two millionaire to marry lonny borden . they wedding guest will show whot who in Hollywood . " lap dissolve out 101 102 lap dissolve in mo . shot - bridge table - day four woman , talk about wedding . first womsn there will be a lot of disappointed deb when lonny borden marries that movie actress . ( 429 ) second womsn I do not understand it -- ( 430 ) third vomsn go down town and see she last picture and you will understand it . she 's gorgeous . what 's trump ? ( 431 ) lap dissolve close shot - at table . one director say in effect . director I see lonny borden be marrying a motion picture star . I will bet that give he mother a jolt . ( 452 ) lap dissolve out be 103 104 105 — oo ind , sake's office - day saxe be still talk and the head be still nodd " yes . " saxe and if we dontt gmss a million on she next picture , I will buy everyone of you .... well , never mind , I will forget it by that time , anyway . ( 433 ) . they all laugh politely . fade oulr fade in ext , ST BT - Day mo . shop . five cop ina row , hold hand and be push from behind by a mass crowd . pull camzra back to longer shot , show mob gather in front of a church , the entrance to which be roped off . a roll royce wait at the curb . CUT to ext . STREET - day mo . close shot . muto come up to the chauffeur and ask ingratiatingly : muto vay , buddy , where 's the wedding breakfast go to come of f? ( 434 ) chauffeur I do not know . miss Evans have not tell I . ( 435 ) muto ( sarcastically ) Wise guy , uh ? ( 436 ) cur to . be 106 107 108 109 ext . strest - day mo , shot . a kid break through and start for the church . a cop grab he and put he back of the rope . cur to ext . STREET - day mo . shot . still photographer jockey for a position commanding the door of the church . our_to ext . strest - day mo . close shot . a young man lift ea pocketbook from a woman 's hani-bag and shoulder he way out of the immediate vicinity . woman do not even know it . cur to ext . STREET - day mo . close shot . a cop hold crowd back . he let acute little girl get under he arm . she stand close to he . girl I be go to have a wedding like this someday . ( 437 ) cop be you in picture ? ( 438 ) girl oh , no . you bm * be a waitress first . or Net yet . but I ghta job at the Brown derby . ( 439 ) cut_to 2 SOUND i111 112 SOUND — 23 14 30 und - taal 9 1 tf ne a mo . shot , a newsboy come up the roped - eff walk yell : " wuxtry .... read about the yar in China : and a Voice call : " who care ? " a cop start for the boy , who run toward the curb . cur to ext . STREET - day mo . shot . the pickpocket be stand , look for another haul . newsboy dash in , look back , see cop and dash out . cop enter , be at the same moment the pickpocket turn to get away . the cop see he and grab he . cop hello , louie . I think I would find you here , today . come on . ( 440 ) louie meekly go along . cur_ to ext . strsoet - day mo . shot . a man walk along edge of crowd , yell : " tee cream cone .... a nickle while they last . " another man be sell post -card and call : " vost~ -card of Mary Evans in wedding dress - send they home to the folk back east . " . cur_to ext . stregt - day mo . shot . newsreel man and sound truck be lining up they position . cur to ext . STREET - day mo . long shot . a truck drive by with music and carry big sign , " see Mary Evans ' latest picture ' girl of flambe ' a julius saxe Super production . " cur to ilo baty ot mo . shot . there be several still photographer all set about ten foot fram church door , they camera ready . aman with a motion picture camera horn in and place he tripod . a still man ask : " ' iho you shovin ' ? " and suddenly , from within the church , SOUND come ths open bar of the wedding recessional . : rt to 116 ext , STREET - day mo , shot , six motor- cycle cop lining up in front of the roll . SOUND wedding recessional more faintly qur_to . 7 ext . STREET - day mo . shot . five cop still hold hand to prevent crowd from break through , but the pressure to see be too great , and the cop ' hold break - the mob surge forward , cover the walk . cur to 118 ext . church - day msd . shot . mery and borden come through church door . SOUND cemeras click . a still photographer , Peters , have get they almost head on . peter hey ; borden , kiss she , will you ? { borden good - naturedly shake he head ) : aw , come on , the public will expect it . ( 441 ) borden ( grin ) no . I dontt think so . ( or ) no . nat here . I be sorry . ( 442 ) ( he put a arm about Mary and start toward the curb , but the crowd surge about they ) cur to = 2 close shot . hand pull Mary 's bouquet to piece for souvenir . cur to 120 ext . church - day mo . close shot . somebody with a jack knife cut a piece out of mery 's veil . woman tear more piece ef she veil for souvernir . Mary be bit frighten . a cop be try to hold people off . suddenly borden put he be around Mary , turn toward the church , and roughly shoulder everybody out of the way . talk be ad lib . in this mob shot . ad lib ( from crowd ) will you give I . a autograph , miss Evans ] ... please sign my take , Mr. borden .... ( 443 ) a cop ( yell ) . stand : back there .... — - meke room , please .... ( 444 ) cur _ to i121 ext . church - day mo . shot . bordenis get Mary through tle crowd back into the church . saxe and carey be in the doorway of the church . cur _to 122 123 lu int . foyer of church - day mo . shot ( travelling ) . borden bring Mary through the door . carey grasp borden 's be . carey come on . this way . in here . ( 445 ) he lead they to a door which open into a small room of for the foyer . saxe trot along with tha . wedding party be come from church into foyer . cur_ to int ... SMALL room - day mo . shot . carey bring Mary and borden into room , follow by saxe . carey Close the doar . ( saxe dee so ) you wedding be certainly a riot . ( 446 ) saxe what do I tell you , no wedding be ever like it . it break all the house record for this church . it 's terrific . ( 447 ) mary ( almost hysterical ) how be we go to get away ? ( 448 ) borden do church have back door ? ( 449 ) conti nuzd 123 continued carey ( hold doar close as someone try to push inside ) you better tell tem the bad news , saxie . ( 450 ) saxa not here , carey . ( 451 ) mary ( quickly ) what bad news ? ( 452 ) saxe well , I do not want to tell you until - the last minute , but I get to ask yous mery , to postpone you honeymoon . ( 453 ) bordsn postpone .... why ? ( 454 ) saxe well , yesterday we look at Mary 's last picture . and it 's perfect ! but we get to have some retax . ( 455 ) mary could not they wait till I get back ? ( 456 ) saxe ( as if talk to a child ) release date do not wait on honeymoon , my dear . there , you be disappointed , but ittll only be a week , maybe two week . you do this for I and some day I do some - thing nice for you ; mybe . ( 457 ) conpinuzd 125 continuzd they both Mary into mary ( look at borden appealingly ) D ' you mind , dear ? ( 458 ) borden ( smile down at she ) of course , but it can not be help , can it ? ( 45 '' ) saxe nbustle ) that 's the spirit , lonny . I go now and see about a back door . ( 460 ) carey itll fix it . wait here , ( 461 ) go out . Left alone together , borden sweep he am . mary lomy , I think I be go to ery . ( 462 ) borden darling . ( 463 ) they lip meet in a long kiss . cur to 124 int SMALL room -~ day closz shot . Peters , the photographer , appear in the _ window with he camera . maybe this be a stain - glass window with a head of the Christ just over the portion that Peters open to get he camera inside . CUT _to 125 int . SMALL room - day mo . shot . Mary and borden still hold kiss . there SOUND be a flash - light . Peter 's camera click , and lary ani borden break away and look toward window . peter ( grin ) thenks , folk . that be swell , ( 464 ) meryend borden stand face he as he disappear . fad ' our bs insert ae fade in of magazine . photograph of Mary and borden kissing , caption in effect : " sampling screen' most famous lip " or " there first married kiss " a mant hand be hold the magazine . 126 int . stage - night SOUND insert 127 mo . close shot . borden be look at the magazine with the photograph . disgust he throw it aside . over this shot can be heerd the voice of Mary sing the Belle Baker song in french " j'.ai deux amict ' borden look at he watch , vatch showing 11:55 & int . stage - night mo . shot . we see that borden be on the side line watch while carey be direct Mary and several table of bald head man in a scene . Mary be wear as few clothes as possible and be in the gct of kissing the bald head . mary ( sing ) ( get word ) ( kiss another bald head ) bald head ( fatuously - close he eye ) do that again . ( 465 ) she kiss he bald head again - a peck . lock off at borden and throw he a kiss with one finger . continued 100 127 continued carey ( Long suffer ) noesee boeee if you would forget about you husband over there , you might do this scene as if you mean it - you be treat they like a bunch of landlord - ( 466 ) mary ( amiably ) ° " " well , you show mey .. ( 467 ) she walk over to borden and sit down in a vacant chair beside he . . 128 int . stage - night mo . close shot Mary put she hand on borden 's which rest on the arm of he chair . mary itm awfully sorry you 'vé have to wait around so late , darlingee .« ( 468 ) borden what do they mean say youtd be through by eight otclock ? it 's nearly midnight . who in thunder be wait for this picture anyway ? ( 469 ) mary my public ... dott be absurd . she have pick up the magazine borden throw aside and now open it carelessly . see something that interest she . continued tm 128 insert 129 elb continued photogrsph of mary and borden kissing Mary show it to borden . mary ( cont would ) ( pleased ) do you see we in photoplay , darling ? we be they feature article . ( 470 ) borden ( shortly ) yes . even we kiss be public propery 471 Mary look up surprised at he annoyance . she be about to speak but be interruptal by carey 's voice . carey' voice miss Evans , if you please . Mary look up hastily . int , stagh - night mo . shot . carey give she a look and then repeat the business she just do with bald head . carby ( cont would ) ( imitate Mary ) ( sing song ) ( 472 bald head ( fatuously , close eye ) do that again . ( 473 ) carey give bald head a linger kiss and then look over toward Mary . 131 132 ald close shot . . Mary be look apologetically at borden as he tear up two theatre ticket . maybe there be tear in she eye . borden be evidently angry . he , stage _- night mo . close shot . carey , annoyed because she be pay no attention , call to Mary . carey say , d' you think I be do this because I like it ? ( 474 ) int . stage - night mo . shot . Mary turn from borden , and rise . hurries toward carey . borden ( restrain anger ) just who you talk to , carey ? ( 475 ) carey I be talk to the star of this opus who 's suppose to be a actress .... ( 476 ) borden the kind of horseplay you be do do not call for act . ( 277 ) continued alb 132 continued 108 carey of course you know outsider be not allow on the set . suppose you let I direct miss Evans and you be Mr. evans. ( or ) you be she hushand . ( 478 ) mary that 's all for tonight , max. ( 479 ) ( she walk off in a huff ) fade out fade in ext . terrace - day close up . the hand of a color may , with a lot of bracelet on it , hold a glass pitcher from which she be pour something into five tall glass ona tray . over this shot we hear voice . saxi' voice you writer should be able to tell you story in fifty word . if you can not tell it in fifty word , it be not a good story . ( 480 ) carey' voice who say this be a good story ? you pought it , do not you , saxie ? ( 481 ) '' same's voice the whole story of creation be write in three hundred word in the Book of Genesis . ( 482 ) carey' voice there 's a guy you ought to sign up . ( 483 ) pull camura back to mo , shot . we now see Mary , carey , borden , saxe and a writer seat about a low table , where the color may finish pour the drink . she be enormous and wear a uniform with a cap , and a lot of bracelet . her slipper be cut out for enlarge joint . she go into the house . this terrace open off the live room and be furnish with wicker , the swim pool be nearby . borden do not enter into the controversy . he pass the other they drink . carey be in bathing suit with bath robe . maybe saxe be , too . . continued fs 3 continued writer ( to Mary ) miss Evans , how do you like the story ? ( 484 ) mary well , I do not think I ought to be kill in the fourth reel , ( 485 ) saxd shet right , grover , she 's the star . she can not die in the fourth reel . ( 486 ) '' writer but the big scene between the husband and the lover over she grave can only happen if she 's dead . ( 487 ) carly well , cut out the big scene . i'11 put in a chase , ( 488 ) mary do we have to do this story , Mr. saxe ? ( 489 ) saxe jihat 's wrong with it ? ( 490 ) mary there 's a baby in it . do I have to have a baby in every picture I be in ? ( 491 ) continued 153 continued writer but this baby 's different , miss Evans , you get marry first . ( 492 ) sc wait a minute . I get a idea . we will throw the whole thing out the window , I ' get a story of my own . it 's my own brain child . I have it in the back of my head for fifteen year . it probably will not make a dime , but it 's a artistic triumph . it 's about a old general . in Russia . ( he demonstrate as he talk ) it 's the night of the grand court ball . splashes of color . liiusic . jewel . throb pulse . they be dance a minuet . the old general be stoop and he earry a long cane as he dance with the duchess . nobody would know he be the famous general of all Russia . then suddenly a messenger throw open the door . he call out , as he hold a document , a seal document . 'a letter from the ezarina . " the music stop . the general read the letter . he take he cane like a sword . he be not stoop now . he be the great general who be leave behind ... TI forget to tell you ... because he be too old . I tell the end first , it be so dramatic . never mind . he take he cane and give order . ' you go to Greece . " " you take charge of the turkish front . " " you do this " and " you do that . " how do it sound so far ? ( 493 ) mary what part do I play ? the old General ? ( 494 ) saxe ( deflate ) no . the old general 's mistress . ( 495 ) continued fs 133 continued mary then I will not have to have baby . ( 496 ) saxe yes , you be go to have a young te99 ) 497 writer but Mr. saxe , the public will not stand for costume play . ( 498 ) saxxe what do you know about the public ? you have be in Hollywood too long . ( 499 ) writer that 's right . I have be here six week . ( 500 ) saxe yell , why do not we make it a modern Soviet picture ? ( 501 ) - writer well , what would we do about the czarina ? ( 502 ) * she will be a female rasputin . ( 503 ) continued 133 continued mary now that you have get that out of you system ; can we go back to we original story ? ( 504 ) saxe ( resignedly ) , yes . where be we ? ( 505 ) mary I like the mythical kingdom story much petter , Mr , saxe . what dtyou think , Max ? ( 506 ) carty I refuse to direct either one . ( 507 ) saxe ( mad ) you refuse . you should refuse to direct any story . youtre lucky to get a chance to direct a julius saxe Super prone to ( 508 carey if you do not have I , you would not be make super production , why do not you have somebody read this storey to you before you buy ‘em ? ( 509 ) sake I can read . I can read , this be a great story ... it cost a lot of money ... it know a good story ... I be make smesh hit for fifteen year ... ( 510 ) continued vad continued carey oh , you would still be make custard pie picture if it be not for I . ( 511 ) mary maybe we should be make custard pie picture ... ( 512 ) carly and how you go tc do e mythical kingdom ... if you do another nythical kingdom you will be a mythical producer ...-. and you can either throw this story in you ash can , or get another boob to direct it . ( 513 ) sa I do not know any other boob , ( carey rise ) where you go ? you stay here and settle this picture . ( 514 ) carey it 's settle . I will not make it . ( 515 ) mary now that that 's attend to , let 's decide on the story . ( 516 ) mr l9e da . se 19 % mo . close shot - borden be sit look at the mens his expression be one of bored displeasure . cver this shot we hear they voice argue full tilt , all talk at once . simultaneous saxe's voice all right , you do not make it . I get a ' good director . ( 517 ) writer' voice I tell you , this be a good story . I ought to know -- I have have five Broadway success . ( 518 ) carey' voice I will not make another mythical kingdam picture for anybedy . { 519 ) mary voice louder , gentleman - fhe neighbor can not hear yout ( 520 ) writer' voice what do you director know about storey ? ( 521 ) carey' voice a lot that you writer can not seem to learn . ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( 582 ) saxe's voice be this a business or not ? be I a producer or do you hire I ? ( 523 ) continued bot vunienl sy as this dog-fight proceed , borden , with a look , rise and , take he drink and a magazine , go into the house . Mary , who have be watch with keen interest the three man argue , now turn and see borden disappear . she realize he be annoyed , look quickly at the three man and rise . 135 ext . terrace - day ad. shot - Mary try to interrupt the row and finally get carey 's attention . he stop talk . as he do so , the writer stop . sake and I be askin ' you - who pay you salary , huh ? ( 524 ) - carey {belligerently ) ~ Wall Street . ( 525 ) and he start to move away , but saxe catch the lapel of he bath - robe and hold he . saxe you be clever , huh ? you have no ability , but a lot of wit . I have plenty of ability and no wit and you be go to stay right here till I think of a answer . ( 526 ) Mary , with a gesture of comic despair , turn and go into the house . / carey ' sorry , Gare but I can not stay awake that long. {527 ( and he walk off toward pool ) mr 136 ext . garden + day aff 20 mo . shot - bonitd medt carey as he approach the pool + bonita oh , mz- carey , all mah friend think i'tse get screen talent . ah want to show you all something . now you listen . ( 528 ) and she sing " Love for sale '' . carey fall into the pool . cur to 137 int . live rocm - day full shct - borden be stretch out on a devenport , read &@ magazine . Mary enter and come to he . we 138 int . live room - day mo . close shct - bcrden be the dog-fight over ? ( 529 ) mary ( smile ) arentt they funny ? ( 530 ) borden ( with a look - and without smile ) funny ? ( 551 ) Mary straighten a picture . continued mr mr 138 continued — — mary do that look all right ? ( 532 ) bcrden ( look back at it - then , with a grin ) why not try it upside down ? ( 533 ) mary ( with a quick look at he ) you dontt like the picture in this house , dco you ? ( 534 ) bordin well , the lady that furnish vhis place be no connoisseur of art . ( 535 ) mary ( look about , a little wistfully ) I guess you be right . I think it be gorgeous when I rent it . ( 536 ) {she go end pick up a book and sit down ) borden ( carelessly ) it 's all right , darling . what be you read ? ( 537 ) mary ( grimly - determine ) Emily fost . she tell you how to do every - thing ... what fork to use and how to speak to the Prince of Wale ... I be learn the darn thing by heart . { 538 ) continued ir lig continued borden ( laugh ) you funny kid ! you do not have to bother with that stuff . you will get along all right . just be yourself . ( 539 ) mary but theret too much I do not know , lonny . 1540 ) borden ( put down magazine - speak teasingly ) what dontt you know ? ( 541 ) mary well , this house , I think it be all right . '' you think it 's all wrong . ( 542 ) borden no I do not , honey , but you wait till we meew one be finish . ( 543 ) bary and you do not approve of bonita , even in she new uniform --- now , do you ? ( 544 ) borden well .-. ( 545 ) mary I know - shall we get a butler ? ( 546 ) continued 138 continued 120 borden ( pick up magazine again ) not unless you want one , dear . after all , who 's go to see she except saxe and carey and people from the Studio ? ( 547 ) mary ( with a sudden flash in she eye ) and they do not count , you think ? ( 548 ) borden ( carelessly ) well , you must admit , they be not sxactly fastidious about such thing . ( 549 ) mary ( strain -- rise ) perhaps not , but they 'r ? my friend , lonny . you need not be so snooty about they . ( 550 ) bordan gosht I do not mean to be snooty , Mary . only , honestly , you can do business with they , but do you have to make intimate friend of they ? ( 551 ) mary no , I do not have to - I make friend of they because I like they . they be human and kind and not so darn superior 's ( 552 ) ( she throw Emily Post down and go quickly into she pedroom ) borden follow she . bm 139 140 int , bedroom = day full shot - Mary enter and go to dress table a@rawer open it and take out a handkerchief ~ blow she nose lustily . borden come up behind she . int . badroum - day mo . clos shot - borden put he arm about Mary . borden I be sorry , honey . you be perfectly right to resent what I say about you friend . ( 553 ) mary ( turn in he arm face he ) lonny , do not let 's quarrel about anything ...... I will learn about everything -~ honest I will ..... you will not have to be ashamed of me.e -- ( 554 ) borden my sweet . ( 554a ) they kiss with all the feel Mr. hay will permit , and the kiss hold through two knock at the door which finally open and bonita fill the doorway . Mary and . borden break away . : bonita bxcuse I , miss borden , but the lady from the fan magazine be here . she say she have a appointment . ( 555 ) mary oh , all right , bonita . tell she I will be right there . ( 556 ) continued ee 140 continued yee she start hurriedly powder she nose and fix she hair . bonita go out . borden I think we be go to play tennis with the rinehart . ( 557 ) mary oh ; lonny ! I forget all about it . gee , that 's too bad . I will telephone and explain , she be put on a string of pearl and have laid out some ring and bracelet . borden , with a little smile , and without say a word , take the bracelet and all the ring away . Mary " get " he idea . with mary ( cont would ) all right . ( she grins} come on , she will want to meet you too . ( 558 ) borden no - not I . ( 559 ) mary but I promise she . come on . ( 560 ) and he let himself be lead out . cur to bm 141 int . library ~ day full shut - a newspaper woman be lean over a large photograph on the table . 142 int , library - dav clos2 sect - newspaper woman be look at photograph of carey which bear a inscription - insert inscription 3 you wheat you ars today I hop ? you'r satisfied max newspaper woman make 2 know face and turn just as Mary enter with borden . bary eow dtyou do , miss dupont ? this be my husband ~ ( 561 ) miss dupunt ( gush as she rush forward ) how atyou do , Mr. borden . I do not dream you be so handsome , what a vair of lover ! I must photograph you look at each other just like that . ( 562 ) ( borden look uncomfortable ) mary well , lett sit down , uh ? ( to borden ) ** : cae , bring up that chair , will you , dear ? ( 563 ) miss dupont ( move to divan and sit beside Mary ) you know , miss Evans , I be do a series of article on the Love live of the picture star . I want you Love life for the April number . ( 564 ) on continued bm 142 continued borden you want what ? ( 565 ) liss du port I hope you will not mind answer some rather intimate question ... you have to give they authentic stuff this day you know ... and my photographer will take some picture of you both later - ( 566 ) mary ( nervously ) sit down , lonny . ( 567 ) ( he sit grimly ) with miss du pont =~ of course I know you both marry for love , but be it the thoughtful , reason kind , or the blind , passionate ubnnene kind of love ? ( 568 ) cuhn=n -n be a deep explosive descriptive grunt ) ( she beam on they inquiringly ) mary ( with a quick glance toward porden ) why «ee why eee it be se ( 569 ) borden ( calmly ) I think it be the uhnen -n kind . ( 570 ) ( he do not emphasize the grunt as much as miss du pont do ) continued hy 142 continusd hiss du pont ( check answer - talk as she write ) that 's gond . be you plan on have a family ? ( 571 ) mary ( brightly ) I hope so someday . ( 572 ) miss du pont fow interesting 's do you have separate bedroom ? ( 573 ) mary no , neither of we snore . ( 574 ) ( she smile tenderly at borden - he almost glare ) - miss du pont I must photograph you bedroom . now 'e how far do you think a wife should go to keep a husband 's love , liss Evans ? ( 575 ) mary well , I 'a go a long way myself . ( 576 ) miss du pont ( beam ) what dtyou think a husband ought to do to keep he wife 's love , Mr. borden 's '' 577 borden I have not the slight idea ..- spose you tell I ? ( 578 ) continued ail lag____scowrzuzp AV miss du pont ( giggle ) itve never be a husband , Mr. borden . that remind I , have you get 4 photograph show you marvellous physique ? ( 579 ) borden ( rise ) no ~ but itve get my appendix upstairs in a bottle . perhaps you would like to photograph that . ( 580 ) ( and he stalk out ) miss du pont have he go to get it ? ( 581 ) with mary I do not think so . ( 582 ) as she look after borden , worried , we -- fad out fs 143 fade in int . saxe's office - day mo . shot . sexe be eat he lunch off a tray . he be eat with one hand and hold manuscript with the other . saxe turn from read the manuscript to the dictaphone . miss spiegel' voice yes , Mr. saxe . ( 583 ) saxe have you get any news of carey yet ? ( 584 ) miss spiegel' voice no , Mr. saxe . ( 585 ) saxe ( worried but irritable ) do you call all the Hospitals ? ( 586 ) miss spiegel' voice yes , sir . ( 587 ) saxe and the morgue ? ( 588 ) miss spiegel' voice yes , sir . ( 589 ) saxe ( relieved ) all right . he be not dead anyway . ( 590 ) ( return to manuscript and food ) continued 145 continued 128 the next moment mery burst in . ma ry May I come in , Mr. saxe ? ( 5e1 ) sale oh , hello , mery . sure , come in . ( 592 ) ( he put down manuscript ) mary Mr. saxe , the Hollywood ilirror say you have hire a new directer to finish iiax carey 's picture . ( 593 ) ( quickly ) and for once the Hollywood liirror be right . ( 594 ) mary ( appeal ingly ) oh ; lr. saxe , that will break he heart . ( 595 ) saki '' tell , already he have break my heart and my pocket book . ( Mary put she bag on he desk and sit ) T should pay a company for one week to do nothing , while carey go on a binge , ( 5 ¢6 ) mary where be he now ? ( 597 ) cuntinued 143 continued S. e ( excitedly ) you ask I where he be ? JI be ask the whole world where he be for one week . nobody know where he be , and I do not oare . ( 598 ) mary itll find he ... I will bring he back . ( she rise and pick up ( 599 ) she bag ) saxe it wontt do you no good , Mary . this time I fire he for good , and I mean it . ( 600 ) mary ( appealingly ) but , Mr. saxe , if Max ever need help , it 's right now . he 's be a great director ... he can be again ... if you kick he out now , it will finish he . ( 601 ) sake and if I do not , it will finish I , I have let sentiment interfere with good sense too long , Mary . besides , nobody know where he be anyway , and the picture have get to go on . ( 602 ) mary I will find he . ( 603 ) { she start for the door ) continu zd fs 143 144 insert dvyv continue saxe ( call after she ) if he 's in jail , I will bail he out , but I will not give hima job , I ?m tellin’ you . ( 604 ) Mary be out the door and saxe go on with he eat , but it do not taste good , and he throw down he napkin and begin search fussily for a cigar which he find and viciously bite . fade out fade in int . bedroom - night column in nzwspapzr or trade paper . — Hollywood be lay bet on where a certain blonde star will find she errant director . the young lady have spend the past two day unsuccessfully comb the speakeasy and dive of Los Angeles . a man 's hand tear the paper . pull camera back to mo . shot . borden be in one twin bed angrily tear the paper he have just read . Mary be in the other bed , study line . bordzn filthy rag : ( 605 ) mary ( look up ) I do not know how they find out everything I do . ( 606 ) continued fs 144 continued borden that 's they business . you be in the Hollywood spotlight . you know , everything about you be exaggerated and discuss in newspaper and magazine and around the studio , after all you might think of I ... of appearance . ( 607 ) mary appearance ? listen , lonny , carey 's fire , and I do not want he roll in gutter where all he fair - weather friend can see he and laugh at he . ( 608 ) borden he bring it .on himself . ( 609 ) mary I be never go to throw carey down , he give I my first break . ( 610 ) borden but you be throw I down . no privacy -- no home life .. could not you arrange to keep you business at the studio and not drag it home ? ( 611 ) mary maybe it would be a good idea if I stay at the studio myself . ( 612 ) borden do not be nasty . ( 613 ) continued fs 144 continuzd mary itm not nasty -- I be tired of argue . sometimes I think life be just one great big argument . ( 614 ) borden Mary , I be just think ... SOUND there be hear from off a magnificent yodel . Mary and borden listen . the yodel be repeat . borden ( cont would ) ( puzzle ) what 's that ? ( 615 ) mary it 's carey . ( 616 ) cur to ae ny he ee + garey be show , gin up ; and movi through grounds . he pause beside a statue ef a nude woman whose marble posterior be at level of carey 's face . he scratch a match on the marble posterior , then look at the statu . he bow to the statue . carey ( to statue ) I think you have pants on . ( he cup he mouth with he palm and exit a masterly yodel ) ade -lay~a-hon ! Ho , landlord . ( 617 ) cur _ to 14 € int , mary bedroom - night Mary and borden . borden be up and beside the window , borden ( to carey , of f) pipe down , old man . we want to sleep . ( 618 ) mary that 's not the way to handle he . ( 619 ) carey ( of f-s cene ) let a little sunshine in . ( 620 ) ( yodel again ) shot of borden , disgust . cur_ to be ast a not aarti sceaennnananstiiyse sa close shot of carey . he be ina flower bed beneath Mary 's light window . he be pick up @ newspaper and be cranpling it . he pat crample paper to ground and reach for he match . he begin strike match , but they go out . shot of borden lean from window . wary pop she head out also , borday wha 's do you think this be ? ( 621 ) carey ( sing ) on the mountain top , I become a flop . ado - lay~eee . ad-a-lay-o-hoo . ( 622 ) mary be a gocd boy , Max , and go on home . ( 625 ) carey I get something important to tell you . ( 624 ) mary well , what be it ? ( 625 ) carey nothing . ( 626 ) borden now go on home , old man . ( 627 ) carly ( strike match on wall ) do not call I a old.man , or I will burn you house dom , TI think I 'il burn it dew anyway . be you go to let I in ? ( 628 ) cur 10 149 . lot . man to lv a DS os bonita in negligee with swansdown , as she open front door - carey staggering up to the door . . bary ( off scene - call ) bonita ; put Mr. carey to bed . ( 629 ) bonita yes , metem . come in , hr. carey . ( 830 ) bonita usher carey in . fade out fade in 149 int . mary bedrook - night mery and borden be in bed - light be out - only the moonlight flooding in through the window . there be a knock hear at the door . borden who be it ? ( 6 a ) carey ( open the door and enter ) I .... be I interrupt anything ? ( see he be not and amble toward bed ) itve be do a lot of think - and I can not think any more . where 's you a 652 bordiin this be not a night club . ( 633 ) mary be a good bey , Max , and go to bed . ( 654 ) be continued att 149 be continued 400 cary I be not sleepy . ( 635 ) borden , ( get very sere ) would you do I a big favor ; and go home ? ( 636 ) . carey ( ignore borden , go over and seat himself on the edge of Mary 's bed ) Mary , would you two mind if I would be serious for a little while ? ( 637 ) mary now go on to bed ; Max . ( 638 ) carsy no ; I have something of interest to say to both of you . ( 639 ) borden ( get out cf bed and put on dress gewn - to carey ) maybe you would be more comfertable if you come over and get into this bed . ( 640 ) mary lonny , this be go just a little bit too fer . ( 41 ) carey it do not blame hima bit . he dee not understand people like we . ( 642 ) continued 149 continued '' po rdin and do not want to . ( 643 ) car by ( interrupt ) ~ will you excuse we while we talk ? T want to give mery some good atvice . you can listen if you want to -~ it might do you som good . ( 644 ) borden pick up he clothes and start out of scene . mary where be you go ? ( 645 ) borden as far away from hollyvood and all its inmate as I can . ( 646 ) let he go .... hetll come back ! ( 647 ) mary I do not care whether he come back or not . ( 648 ) bor din ( enter with trousers and shirt on , finish tie tie ) I be not come back . I be feed up on this kind of live . I should have knom better in the first place .... we dontt live in the same world . ( 649 ) be continued 149 _conti nud mary ( furiously ) that 's right . I live ina world where people be human being ~~ not stuff shirt , ( 650 ) borden you live in a world where people be ‘@ulgar and cheap without know it - ani if you be not vulgar and cheap yourself , you could not stand it . ( 651 ) mary all right , if that 's the way you feel get out ! get out ! get ourt !? ( he go and iiary turn to carey ) and you get out too .... and leave I alone . .. gat out ( 652 ) carey go out . Mary then preak into hysterical weep . fade_out insert insert 150 wevspapsr headlinus in zffact : " lonny borden establish2s residence in reno . " lap dissolve newspaper headline in effect : '' mary evan denies divorce . " lap_dissolve newspaper hfadline in effect : " polo STAR sue film STAR . " lap dissolve ext . ranch - night long shot - show in the distance a group of small puilding , and around one ef they be a circle of light . lap dissolve ext . ranch - nigh ? mo . shot - cameras be turn on a scene of Mary in the rain outside a house or whatever building be available , we do not need dialogue for this scene . mery come to a window and peer inside . there be a sound of a motor car stop and mery turn , see car and ducz behind some tushes . lead man can be bring in if desire , director cut. o.k. for svund ? ( 653 ) voice o.k. fer seund . ( 654 ) continued assistant director Mark it . ( 655 ) Mary walk out of scene and step out of character . ext . ranch - night mo . close shot - Mary come to a heater and she may wrap a warm blenket around she . Mary be shiver . carey be fix coffee and hand mery a steaming cup . mary after this , my rain be go to be heat . ( 656 carey here 's some that 's boil , onky they call it coffee . ( 657 ) at this moment the assistent director enter . assistant director here be your-line fer the next scene ; miss even , ( 658 ) mary thanks , jimmie . ( 659 ) carey ( turn around ) how be you , jimmie ? ( 660 ) continued 153 ext . ranch - night 154 contin gsd ae assistant director hello , Mr. carey . awfully good to see you again . ( quie tly ) ysh you be direct this picture . ( 661 ) carey het ming a better job than I could . have some coffee ? ( 662 ) cur to mo . shot - saxe 's car drive up close to set and stop . saxe get out and start tovard Mary . ext . ranch - night mo . ghot - Mary , carey and Assistant director be @rink coffee . assis tant put he cup down and turn to dm , assistant director thanks . ( 663 ) saxe enter scene , saxe ( shout s) what 's hold this up . '' hat 's keep the film from ging through the camera ? ( to Mary ) what be you do stand here in soak clothes ? ( to assistant ) ; what 's the meaning of this ? dontt you realiz we have a million doller investment in miss van ? and here she be risk she life with pneumonia ~- America 's pal ! get she some ary clothes . ( 664 ) continued assistant director sure , Mr. saxe . but you know , it 's just one of that scene . ( 665 ) saxe ( turn to carey ) oh --- good evening , maximilian . ( 666 ) carey bon soir , monsieurla saxe . ( 667 ) saxe . how long have it be since you have have a firink ? ( 668 ) carey oh ; about six week . ( 669 ) saxe six week ? ( 670 ) carey well , ebout four . ( 671 ) sax 's to not a drop in four week ? ( 672 ) carey well , not for a couple of day except for a little wine tonic . I just bottled a fresh batch of home brew and it 's swell . . ( belche s) okay fer seund , ( 673 ) cur to 156 insert 57 mo . siiot . a messenger boy be just arrive on a motorcycle , he stop and get off . ext , ranch - night mo . shot - the messenger boy enter and give Mary a telegram . missungur miss Evans ? ( 674 ) mary yes . ( 675 ) she take telegram while she may sign and pay the boy who leave .. Mary read : telegram ' dear Mary . you will be glad to know that iamno longer Mr. Mary Evans , you be now free white and twenty - one . divorce be grant today . Larry . " ext . ranch - nigh ? close up - Mary finish read the telegram and try not to give way . assistant director' voic all right miss ivan for the next scene if you be ready . ( 676 ) Mary meke a desperate effort to hang on to herself , try to smile as she say - continued ww lf al mary all rigit . I be ... ready ... ( 677 ) but she can not do it . she be go to break . she turn toward saxe . 158 ext . ranch - night mo . close shot . Mary take a few step and reach saxe . ( see she face ) '' thy ; Mary , what 's the matter , darling ? ~ '' 4 thout a werd she hand he the wire , which he read and then look up at she . saxe ( cont would ) ( determine to cheer she ) well , that 's fine ! he never do understand you . it 's better this way . you should be happy , ( 678 ) mary ( hysterically ) happy ? sure I be happy . why should not I be ? itm go to fave a baby in September . ( 679 ) ( she break completely ) saxe open he arm ani she go into they , weep . saxe ( petting she as he would a child ) there , there , it will be a bless ! ( 680 ) fad out 159 160 fade in ext . STREET - day : mo . close shot ( travel ) . a rubberneck wagon with a dozen or more tourist be mking the round of the star 's home in beverly Hills . 's bark=r ( with megaphone ) lady and gentlemen , you be see the home of all the outstanding star of cinemaland . we be my come to - not the large ; but one of the most chame little estate in beverly Hills . I refer to the home of America 's pal , miss Mary Evans - on you right . ( 681 ) everybody turn to look eagerly . ad lib oh , be not it lovely ?.... oh , Mary Zvan be my favorite star} ... I get a picture of Mary Evans ... ( ete . ) ( 682 ) cur to ext . mary new home ~ day long shot - show a lovely house in beautiful , well - keep grounds . something with fine line architecturally dignify and in excellent taste . barker' voice ( over scene ) this howewa two year in the mild , and receive first prize from the California Architectural Society . it be say the interior be a model of taste , in decoration end furnish . miss Evans have a special nursery build at a cost of .... ( 663 ) ( as he speak he voice gradually die out , give the impression that the wagon go on ) eap dissolve out be 161 162 ind , live room of mary NW home - day mo . close shot ( travel ) . Mary be hold the hand of a young man of two , and together they be look for something . mary now where dtyou suppose the bunny would leave that Easter egg - ( 684 ) bobbie there , Mom ... there ! ( 685 ) ( the youngster make a dive into the corner of the davenport where there be a little basket of color egg ) mary oh , you find they ! maybe . there be more . let 's look over here . ( 68 % ) int . live room of mary new home - day longer shot - show saxe watch Mary and bobbie hunt for Easter egg . sax what a cute little fella he 's get to bes we soon have a new screen lover . ( 687 ) nurse enter to get baby . i69 ni , live ayu ue pa ) fe 22 mo . shot - mery adroitly lead baby to look under a chairor a table cr whatever . mary I wonder if a bunny could get under here ? ( 688 ) bobbie ( excitedly ) yes ... yes ... I see them ! ( 689 ) ( he dive in and bring out more egg ) while the baby be drag out the egg , a butler approach mery . he have . a live white rabbit ina wooden cage effect . attach to the cage be a envelope . but ler with this just come for bobbie , miss Evans . ( 690 ) mary oh , how cun } ( she quickly open envelope and take cut a mte ) thank you , Martin . ( 691 ) mertin put cage on the table and go out . Mary read note ; insert dear Mary - would you mind if theyoung man have a Easter gift from the old man ? lonny ( or ) do you mind if I seman aster gift to we son ? lonny continued be mery smile , take the rabbit from the cage , and look at it with unusual tenderness . she hold it close to she cheek . _ bobbie' voice Bunny , Mom ! Bunny ! ( 692 ) mery be remind that the giftis for she son , and turn quickly . mary here 's you bunny , sn - a beautiful birthday present from you daddy . ( 693 ) bobbie take bunny and hug it . - saxd ( with a look at Mary ) ah ! from he daddy . be lonny in town , Mary ? ( 694 ) mary no. ( 695 ) saxe I read in the paper he be go to play polo in Del monte next month . ( 696 ) mary ( elaborately careless ) yes . I understand he 's engage to a girl there . ( 697 ) continued saxe I will wet he would like you should take he back ? why do not you ? ( 698 ) mary ( with a pat on he shoulder and a smile ) stop write scenario , saxie . ( 699 ) ( she turn to the baby , and the next moment the butler re-enter ) butler there 's someone on the telephone , miss Evans , who say het James , Mr. carey 's chauffeur . he say you would remember he , ... ( 70071 ) mary ( to saxe ) jeme ! I wonder what he want . I will be right back . ( 702 ) ( she me ) gur_to alb be es be int , hall - maal oo ns oe full shot - show spacious beautiful hall and stairway . Mary enter and go to telephone . 165 int . hall - mary new home - day close shot - Mary at telephone . mary ( in phone ) hello ... yes , James , how be you ? ( 703 ) cur to 166 int . drug store - day close shot . James be talk on telephone . he wear a taxi-driver 's uniform . — jame ( in phone ) ah accidentally run across Mr. carey yesterday , and he 's in pretty bad shape , miss Evans ... ah think he need a doctor ... ( 704 ) cur to 167 int , hall - mary new home - day mo , close shot - Mary at telephone . mary ( in phone ) I be glad you call I , James , meet I at the Studio right away . we will go and get he ... Goodbye ! ( 705 ) {she hang up and turn thoughtfully to go out ) fade out alb 168 169 170 __ext . of 4 dump - Day mo . long shot - Mary , drive by she own chauffeur with James in the front seat beside he , arrive at the curb . Mary get out and go in , follow by James . int . dump - hallway - day mo . shot . Mary enter , hurry along hallway to a door which she open . int . back room - dump - day full shot . Mary push open the door and enter . at a table , in the center of the room , a floosie ina kimono be play solitaire , a drink in front of she , on a couch nearby lie carey , dead to the world . Mary cross to he quickly . floosie look up and see she . floosie ( sourly ) well , why do not you come in ? do not bother to knock . ( 706 ) mary ( over she shoulder as she pend over carey ) I be a frien of Mr. carey 's , ( 1707 ) floosie ( blink ) so be I , he 's drunker and a goat . ( 708 ) alb inal int . back room '' dump + day close shot . Mary lean over carey , who be @irty and unshaven , and shake he . mary mex ! Max ! ( 709 ) carey ( open one eye ) whassamatter ? who you jigglin ' ? ( 710 ) mary itts Mary . I have come to take you home , Max . ( 711 ) . carey ( get good look at she - - rise on elbow ) thass right ! ' tis Mary ... who tell you I be here ? ( 712 ) mary ( gently ) never mind . itve be look for you for month . come on . ( 713 ) ( she try to help he get to he foot ) carey ( turn and look at she with a little smile of tenderness and gratitude , then suddenly frown ) you should not come to a place like this , Mary .... get to get you out of here . ( 714 ) ( he ' get to he foot ) alb 172 int . back room '' dump - day mo . shot . carey try to stand erect , take a step and put a hand over he heart , and catch he preath . a spasm of pain cross he fece , . mary ( concerned - take he arm ) you be i11 , Max . you must see a doctor . ( 715 ) carey ( pain have pass and he breathes freely again ) not I . a doctor will tell I I drink too much ... ( 716 ) ( he smile down at she ) mary ( smile back ) well , you can always argue the point with he . ( 717 ) '' ( she gently propel he forward ) carey ( seriosly ) that 's right , I can . carey walk with difficulty . Mary motion James with she head to come . James , who be stand in the doorway , now approach and take carey 's other be . carey see he , carey ( cont would ) oh , there 's Jimmy ... hello , James ... anything new ?... ( 718 ) jame hello , Mr. carey ! glad to see you , sir . ( 719 ) carey I never realize how much I have miss you u9 by this time they be through the door , and we - Lab dissolve we alb 173 la&p dissolve in int . hallway - mary new home ~ day full shot . butler open the door , and Mary and James pring carey inside . butler close door . mary Martin , will you please show James the way to the guest room ? Mr. carey be ill , and James will put he to bead . ( 721 ) martin yes , miss Evans . ( to tame ) will you come this way ? May I help ? ( 722 ) carzy '' ( to butler ) thanks , old man , I be do fine . ( 85 ) but , on the second step of the stair , he miss he foot , and - jeme have all he can do to hold he up . butler help . Mary watch , distress . fade out loo fade in 174 int . gu3st room = day full shot ~ carey be in bed , a nurse be look at a chart which hang on the wall at one side of the bed . a doctor be write a prescription at the other side . Mary be seat on the side of the bed , hold carey 's hand , doctor you be do I proud , Mr. cary . in another week or ten day , you will be able to go back to work . ( 724 ) carey ( with a touch of betterness ) work and I have not be on speak term for a couple of year , Doctor . ( 725 ) uw mary ( loyally ) and whose fault be that ? you just wait till the studio know you will accept a picture . ( 726 ) carey ( with a grateful , amused smile at Mary and a pat of he handaj o.k. I will wait . ( 727 ) doctor ard now , you get a little nap , uh ? ( Mary get up to go ) ( 728 ) cary and if I can not sleep , I will cry for my bottle , ( 729 ) continued im 156 174 continued mary if you santt sleep , you count you new red corpuscle as they multiply . ( 730 ) she fix the bed clothes and go out with the doctor . the nurse lower the shade and prepare to follow . cur to 175 int . mary live room - day mo . shot - saxe be stand read a letter which he put in he pocket as Mary enter . mary X hello , saxiet ( 731 ) saxe ( as they move toward divan ) hello Mary ! how be carey , today ? ( 732 ) mary much better . the doctor say he will be able to go to work in a week or so , ( 733 ) saxe ( genuinely pleased ) : oht - that 's fine , you have give he the best care , Mary ... youtve be a good friend ... but I will be glad when het out of you house , ( 734 ) mary ( on the defensive ) I s'pose you have hear some gossip . ( 735 ) continued im l?5 gon ts . inu ll ? sake why would not there be gossip , my dearesse when a beautiful young divorcee install aman in she home . ( 736 mary Zven when he 's as sick as Max be ? ( 737 ) saxe a man be a man even if he be sick , and peside , Max be alicst well , now . ( cajolingly ) you better let he go somewhere else . be sensible . ( 738 ) mary all right . Max will be move out of this house the day you promise to give he a job . 1939 ) saxe but Mary .ee« he 's not a good director any motc..e- ( 740 } mary yes he be . het1l come back strong . ( plead ) give hima chance , saxie . he make you a lot of money in the old day . ( 741 ) sax but this be new day - ( 742 ) continued 175 continuzd 158 mary let he direct my next picture . [ tm willing to gamble and I have get something to lose , too . let 's give he one more chance , saxie . ( 743 ) saxie all right , Mary . you do four picture next year instead of three for the same salary and I will do it . ( 744 ) mary four picture it be . . ( 745 ) um sale : and move carey to a hotle tomorrow . ( 746 ) mary if the doctor be willing .... ( saxe beam ~ she reach for he hand and shake it ) saxie , youtre what America 's pal call a pall ( they shake hand and laugh ) ( 747 ) fade out fs 176 177 178 lo? fade in ext . STREET at ranch - day mo . shot . carey be wait for the light to be place . Mary be in a chair mark with she name . carey whenever you be ready , boy . ( 748 ) electric lan just a minute , Mr. carey . move that reflector , pete. ( 749 ) Pete move the reflector a little . at this moment saxe enter to Mary . ext . STREET ranch - day mo , close shot . saxe take Mary 's hand . saxe come for a little walk . I want to talk with you . ( 750 ) Mary rise and go with he . ext . STREET ranch - day close shot . carey see saxe lead Mary off the set . he watch they a moment , realize there be something in the wind . 179 ext . STREET ranch - day mo . cluse shot . Mary and saxe stop while saxe tell she what 's on he chest . saxe itve look at all the stuff he 's shot and I tell you , Mary , it 's very bad . . ( 750 - a ) mary it do not feel so bad while I be do it . ( 751 ) saxe you sure he isntt drink on the quiet ? ( 752 ) mary I be sure he have not touch a drop since the picture start . ( 753 ) saxu well , then he just can not direct when he 's sober . I be go to tell he . ( 754 ) mary wait , saxie , can not you let he finish it ? it 's only a week more , another director could not possibly make much difference now . ( 755 ) saxe no , Mary . itve get New York banker to think of . it be not fair . I have get to let carey go . ( 756 ) continued fs i779 180 continued mary then let I tell he ... please . ( 757 ) saxe ( delighted ) all right . go ahead . I would have fire he a week ago if I think you would tell he . ( 758 ) ( they move toward set ) ext , STREET ranch - day mo . shot . Mary and saxe come to place they leave carey . he be nowhere to be see . Mary look about . mary xk ( to assistant ) where 's Max ? ( 759 ) assistant ( uncertainly ) I do not know , miss Evans . he just say he be retire from picture and walk away . ( 760 ) Mary turn and look at saxe . saxe smart fella ! he always be a jump ahead of I . ( to assistant ) dismiss the company . that will be all for today . ( 761 ) ( Mary and saxe turn to leave ) . assistant ( call ) wrap ‘em up . ( 762 ) fade out i8 l SOUND 182 mr fade iv '' ne int . live room - mary nbv home - night mo . shot - Mary be propped up on the davenport , study - ing @ script , memorize line . mary ( memorize ) " go back to you father and tell he I do not want he name . I can - get a better one . " ( 763 ) at this moment there be a tap on the window . Mary turn quickly and see carey 's face peer in . then she hear he yodel . she rise and go toward hall . int . hall - mary new home - night mo . shot - Mary enter and open the door . - carey stand in doorway . he be , thoroughly oile . a carey hello , Mary 's I be drunk . ( 764 ) mary nstartle at he appearance ) Max , you look terriblet come in . { 765 ) he enter , stop , then make a terrific effort to walk toward live room . Mary close the door and follow he quickly . 183 int . live room - mary now dom - nigh _ — mo . shot - carey sink onto the davenport , and Mary site down beside he . 2 mary youtre sick , Max . I will telephone Dr. Harrison . ( 766 ) carey no . just give I a drink , Mary . I will pe all right .-. ( 767 ) mary I darentt give you anything to drink , dear . you know what the doctor say . ( 768 ) k carey e but I have have some -..- I have have a lot and it do not kill I +--+ doctor do not always know everything «-- ( 769 ) mary Max , why do you do it ? ( 770 ) carey ( with real feel ) because I have ruin you picture ... ( 771 ) mary ( loyally ) no you have not , Max . ( 772 ) carey I know . saxie want to fire I ... you would not let he .... ( 773 ) continued be 8s continved — _ — mary listen , dear , you do not believe all the gossip in a studio .-. ( 774 ) carey ( ivrelevan tly ) you be a sweet kid , Mary .-- but I be onto myself ... T think it might be a fairly good picture , too . ( 775 ) mary it be good , Max . ( 776 ) carey ( bitterly ) no , it be not ? it 's terriblet ( 777 ) ( he bury he face in he hand ) - mary if it be , itt my fault , Max . I want to make the story -.- ( or ) no matter what it be , it be not you fault , mox - we all agree on the story , and youtve work harder than any of we «.- ( 778 ) carey ( look up and smile at she gratefully ) you would say that 's how " bout a little drink ? ( desperately ) I '' + + I need it , mery : ( 779 ) mary itll call the doctor . if he say yes , I will give you some . ( 780 ) ( she rise } continued mr carey Mary , who 's go to finish you picture ? ( 781 ) mary ( realize how much she answer mean to he ) you be , if youtil just pull yourself out of this . ( 782 ) carey ( wistfully ) pid saxie say so ? ( 783 ) mary of course - he want you to finish it . now you hang on ; +--+ itll be right back . ( 784 ) carey . ( catch she hand , as she turn ) Mary . ( 785 ) mary yes , dear . ( 786 ) carey ( from he heart ) taere never be another girl like you ..-. I have know it from the first time we meet .-. you start in take care of I ... ( 787 ) mary ( with mock severity ) and I be about through . I be go to get you you last drink , young fella . you be go dry again from tomorrow on - ( 788 ) continued why mr 183 insert 184 continued oe he smile at she , and she withdraw she hand , fix he pillow , and , eas he sink back on it , she hurry out . carey reach in he vocket and pull out a cigarette and a few match , light they , then he hand fall , and the light match drop onto the floor . close up of burning match until they go out shoot death scene two way -- once with revolver to indicate suicide . int . hallway - night mo . shot - Mary at telephone . mary ( in a low voice ) hello , Dr. Harrison please . miss Evans . ( wait ) hello , Doctor ... Fine , thanks ... it 's about Max carey - he 's of for the wagon -.- quite a. bit I be afraid ... he 's here and want a drink ... I be afraid to give it to he ... yes , pretty bad shape ... thanks doctor . yes. Goodbye . ( 789 ) ( she hang up and go toward live room ) mr 185 int . live room -+ night full shot - Mary enter from hall and approach the davenport where carey be lie . she bend over he and it begin to dawn on she that he be dead . suddenly she drop on she knee beside he and begin to rub he hand with she own . mary maext maxt ( 790 ) she realize he be beyond she aid and @ sob escape she . she get slowly to she foot , cry , and run to the telephone . 186 int . hall - night mo . shot - Mary run into scene and dial 0 - operator . mary ( try to control she voice ) Operator ... get I the emergency hospital .. quick .-.. ( 791 ) ( she weep audibly as she wait ) fade out fade in 187 int . radio room - night mo . shot - a announcer be read the midnight news broadcast . a man hand hima slip of paper . announcer ana the Senate be still investigate the matter . ( he glance at slip of paper ) and now lady and gentleman we have just receive some news that will be a great shock +o the . Hollywood film colony . maxmillian carey , the weil know director , - be find dead under mysterious circumstance in the home of Mary Evans tonight . the two be alone in the house when the tragedy occur . there seem +o be some question as to whether the death be suicide or from natural cause . coroner Mills have order a autopsy . maxmillian carey be the dis - coverer of Mary Evans and direct many of she success . at the time of she divorce from the famous polt Star , lonny borden , the name of Mr. carey be mention as be the cause of the marital rift , but he be not name in the divorce suit . - ( 792 ) 188 int . cocoanut grov - night SOUND full shot - Dancing , dining , music , Dancing end . as people take they seat . 189 int . cocoanut grove - night mo . seidt - someone whisper to the leader of the orchestra whe be broadcasting . leader turn and announce : leader .ady and gentleman , there have just be a announcement over the radio that maxmilli : carey die tonight under mysterious circum - stance in the home of Mary Evans , the cor oner have . order a sutopsy to determine vhether death be due to suicide or natural cause , ( 793 ) cur_to 190 int . cocoanut grove - night mo . close shot - a table of four , evidently pioture people . 1st diner what dtyou know about that ? '' as Max carey live at Mary 's home ? ( 794 ) 2nd diner nobodytll believe it if he be not . ( 795 ) cur_ to 192 int . cocoanut grove - nigh ? mo . clos ! shot - another table . — SRD diner d' you think he kill himself on she account ? ( 796 ) 4th diner maybe somebody kill he , wheret she divorced husband ? ( 797 ) cur to 192 int . cocoanut grove - night mo . close shot - another table . fifth diner '' hat a awful thing to hapnen to Mary Evans . ( 798 ) sixth diner - girl '' iell , there go she career . julius saxe will be need a new pal for america , ( 79 ° ) ( she get out mirror and fix herself ) fade_out bn insert insert insert insert insert insert 193 7 fade in i mysterious death in star' home lap dissolve headline mary evan denies carey Romance lap dissolve STAR faint at director' grave lap dissolve headline film scandal stir nation lap dissolve headline exhibitor cancel mary evan's film lap dissolve headline scandil blast star' career lap dissolve ext . mary ney home + day mo . long shot - show a group of reporter in a ear on the driveway or wherever . beside the front door stand two guard . a still camera man be take picture of the house and grounds . 194 195 196 scund 172 ext . mary new home '' day mo . close shot + Reporters in car mark Press . lst reporter I wonder how long this Evans - carey story will hog the front page ( 801 ) 2nd reporter Long enough to wash she up in picture . ( 802 ) cur _ to ext . mary nev home - day mo . shot - a couple of reporter climb over a wall ané approach the back door and ring the bell . ext . mary NW home - day mo . close shot - reporter keep he finger on bell . nobody open the door but we hear the sound of steady ringing . 3ra@ reporter they will not answer . I ring the front door bell for five hour yesterday . ( 803 ) at this moment a window open and bonita stick she head out . bontta you reporter will have to get out . miss Evans be not see anybody at all . ( 804 ) continued 196 197 eat ~ continuet 4th reporter ts she home ? ( 805 ) bonita ab do not know nothin ' about where she be . you will have to stay off the premise , that 's all . ( 806 ) 3rd reportsr you tell she shetd get a lot better break from the papers if she would play ball . ( 807 ) they go . cur_to mo . clos = shot - still man be snap picture . reporter point . reporter that 's the window of the room where it happen . get it . ( 808 ) still man snap it . lap dissolve we aid 198 SOUND 174 lap dissolve in int . live room - Day mo . shot . Mary and saxe be in the midst of a hectic conference . Mary be pace the floor , saxe be seat on the edge of the ohair . the chair , table and floor be strewn with newspaper . the telephone belk ring in the distance almost continuously , also the doorbell . Mary stop near a window . she be at the break point . mary ( at window ) can not we get rid of that reporter ? can not you make they leave I alone ...? ( 809 ) ( soothingly ) ~ , . now , sit down Mary ... be calm ... they be just do they job .... ( 810 ) mary it 's easy for you to be calm ! people be not whisper about you -- printing lie about you ... tmzne against you ... . ( she break a little ) e-eand what do I do ? I bring a sick man to my house ... ( 811 ) saxe ( with tender sympathy } . I know Mary and it break my heart too . but people do not understand relationship like yours and carey 's . ( 812 ) mary ( interrupt passionately ) I be glad I do ! I would do it all over again 's I be the only friend he have ... I only want to help he ... ( 813 } ( she begin to cry and sit rest she head on she hand , move it from side to side as if it ached ) continued 198 continued 175 sake ( patting she shoulder ) of course you do , darling , and if you be just a ordinary girl , it would have be all right . but you be a motion picture star ... you belong to the public . . -- they make you and they break you ... ~ ( 814 ) mary ( rise again with determination ) well , they be not go to break I without a fight . itve work too hard to get where it be . I be go to tell they my sidccesee ( 815 ) saxe ( try to cheer she ) that 's a good idea . we will invite all the newspaper boy to my office and you will make a statement ... ( 816 ) ( eagerly ) d' you think that will do any good saxe ? ( 817 ) saxe sure it will do good . the public do not go to be unjust , Mary . wetll try it anyway . ( 818 ) mary ( hopefully ) you think they will believe I be tell the truth ? ( 819 ) continued hel 198 continued saxe ( consclingly ) of course they will . and in a few month , it will all be forget . ( 820 ) mary ( with a touch of bitterness ) in a few month Mary Zvan will be forget . America will have another pal . ( 821 ) saxe nobody will ever take you place , darling . ( 822 ) . mary opatte he hand ) you be just be sweet ... but '' I will not give up ... it be not just a career I be think about .. eee ( she try not to break ) itve get a son , saxie .... I want to clear my name for he sake .... do not you see , gealese . 's ( she catch hold of both he arm ) I have get tot I have get to fight this thing , for Jackie 's sake ! ( 823 ) at this moment the butler enter with a note which he hand to Mary . butler a reporter send this in , miss Evans . ( 824 ) he go out . Mary open note with nervous finger . continued 198 insert continued pencil scrawl - be it true that lonny borden be on he way here to get possession of he son ? Mary look up terrify . mary saxie , itve gt to get awayvece ( 825 ) saxe ( quickly ) what be it ? ( 826 ) mary ( show he paper ~- she be + deadly afraid . . he be read it as she spe ak ) I have get to get Jackie away to Europe where nobody can find we ... ( 827 ) {she be think frantically ) saxe ( look up fram paper ) why he could not take Jackie away from you . ( 828 ) mary ( speak incoherently ) maybe he could -~ with all this scandalee , s. ( 829 ) saxb how do you know he want to take juckie ?.... how do the reporter know ? ( 830 ) continued 198 continued mary they must know something --- how be I go to get out of here ? ( 831 ) saxe . ( try to soothe she ) now Mary , be sensible . if you run away now people will believe the worst . ( 832 ) mary ( hysterically I do not care what people believe ... I will not lose Jackie . get I out of here , saxie .. I will take Jackie to Europe «+ quick , we must not lose any time ... see when a plane leave -.. we will go to Europe «.. ( 833 ) she hurry out , follow by saxe talk - saxe ( as he follow she out ) Mary , we should call my lawyer first . I do not believe lonny would even try such a dirty trick .-. and he could not do it anyway o.. { 834 ) ( they be out of the room ) mary voice but I be afraid ... I be afraid ..... ( 835 ) fade out * fade_in 1ige2 ext . STREET - day mo . long shot . show foreign street with sign in french or Spanish and foreign atmosphere , lap dissolve 200 ext . villa - day mo , shot - show smll but charming ville with a wall . lap dissolve 201 ext , garden - day full shot - shorins nertion of garden with gate in wall and part of the villa with a door lead from it into garden , Mary be digging around plant . she wear a charming sun hat and smart over - all . bonita come from villa follow by a french cook . 202 ext . garden ~ day mo . shot . Mary dig as bonita and cook enter scene . bonita ( she hes '' vhrsse bock in she hand ) miss Evans , this here french cook do not understand she own language . ah be tellin ' she to make tice puddin ' with raisin and all she do be bark at I like a dog oof ! oof ! ( 836 ) cook ( in french ) all I ask be how many egg Madame , and how many raisin ? ( 837 ) continued 202 continued mary ( leugh ) she be ask you how many egg , bonita . oeuf mean egg . ( to cook in french ) two egg therese , and three quarter of a cup of raisin . one pint of milk . ( 638 ) cook ( in french ) Merei , Madame . I knor how it be make . ( she start back ) ( 839 ) bonita oof mean egg . this here new french language have get I down . ( 840 ) at this minute a french nurse come dash through the gate , in a hysteria of excitement . nurse ( in french ) madeamet madamet have Jackie arrive yet ? ( v41 ) mary ( in french ) why no , therese , ( 842 ) nurse ( in french ) a man take he . ee say he would bring he home to yous I only go to buy a newspaper and when I return , the man be play with Jackie , ( 843 ) continued 181 202 continued bonita what be it , miss Evans ? ( 844 ) mary someone have take Jackie . ( 845 ) nurse {in french ) he say not to be alarmed ... that he be Jackie 's papa --- ( 846 ) bonita ( excitedly ) what 's she jabberin ' , miss Evans ? ( 847 ) mary she say Jackie 's father have take he ... ( 848 ) and at this moment Jackie 's voice be hear and SOUND the gerden gate click . jackie' voice we can get in this way --- ( 849 ) everybody turn and see -- 203 ext . garden + day mo , shot . borden and Jackie open the gate and enter . the nurse run forward and grab up Jackie in she arm , talk in french . nurse there you be , mon petite . thank God you be all right . wret a fright I have have . ( 850 ) borden walk over to Mary . 204 ext . garden - day mo . close shot . ~ mary ( in french to nurse ) take Jackie in the house , therese . ( 851 ) nurse oui , Madame . ( 852 ) jackie fcall to borden ) the frog be over there . ( 853 ) ( point to a fountain or wherever ) borden thanks , Jackie . it will look he up . ( 854 ) 183 205 ext . garden - day mo . shot . nurse with Jackie enter villa , follow by bonita . 206 ext . gardev - day mo . close shot . Mary stand face borden . borden hello , Mary . ( 855 ) mary how do you find we ? ( 856 ) ~ lo ( grin ) detective . I kidnap Jackie because I know I could never get in to see you without he . ( 857 ) mary what have you come for ? ( 858 ) continued 184 206 continued lonny ( reach in he pocket ) well , among other thing , I have a important message for you from Mr. julius saxe . ( Mary put out she hand for it ) no , let I read it to you . ( he read ) dear Mary - just buy a new story . it will make a great comeback for you . you shoot two villain and go to prison for the man you love . exhibitor be interested . mama and I send love . julius saxe p.s. and you better re-marry lonny borden . he love you ... he have always love you ... he be not good enough for you but he will do anything if you will - take he back . het really a marvelous young man and he adore you ... ( 859 ) - mary ( suspiciously ) let I see that letter . ( he show it to she . she hastily look at it ) I do not see 411 that about you ; ( 860 ) borden no - but itt true . and a lot more . ( 861 ) mary you do not go to Hollywood to take Jackie away from I ? ( 862 ) borden of course not , dear . - I go there to help if you need I . ( 863 ) continued 206 continued mary oh , lonny ! ( 864 ) borden how about have dinner with I tonight ? ... there 's a hotel here with @ magnificent main dining room and a fifteen piece orchestra --. and orchid +--+ ( 865 ) mary ( gmile through tear ) what will happen if I say no ? ( 866 ) borden you know what happen the last time . ~ ( 867 ) he take she hand and look down at she without speakinge she look at he for a long minute , then go into he arm . he hold she elose - no kiss . fade out the end @