what we do in the shadow return of the baron December 8 , 2017 rewrite written by jemaine clement base on the film what we do in the shadows by taika waititi and jemaine clement int . bedroom - night we see guillermo , a human , stand in a old - fashioned bedroom next to a coffin . he check he watch . guillermo ( softly ) it 's nightfall . a muffle foreign accent come from the coffin . nandor ( o.s ) guillermo ? guillermo yes , sir ? nandor ( 0o.s . ) be that you ? guillermo yes , master . the coffin lid move . it 's jamme . nandor ( 0o.s . ) it 's stick again . guillermo go to assist . nandor ( o.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I think it 's the latch ! guillermo ( v.o . ) the job of a vampire 's familiar be not a easy one . guillermo it 's jamme ! guillermo jiggle the lid of the coffin . it will not open . int . solo interview with guillermo guillermo a vampire 's familiar be kind of like a best friend ... who 's also a slave , kind of ? int . bedroom -- night coffin lid still will not open . guillermo be try to jimmy the latch with a butter knife . nandor wwdit USA v 23 ocotber 8 , 2017 2 . you be not try to pry it be you ? do not pry it . you 'il foul the mechanism . guillermo quickly stop pry and put the butter knife in he pocket . int . solo interview with guillermo guillermo tomorrow night mark the 20th anniversary of when I start work for my master and I be pretty sure he 's plan something special for I . I think tomorrow will be when he make I a vampire . int . bedroom - night the latch have finally come open . guillermo he awaken ! nandor elegantly arise from he coffin . guillermo do a double thumb up . guillermo ( cont ’d ) very cool , master . Super scary . nandor stay grin revealing that he have vampire fang . nandor awaken the other ... guillermo ( reluctantly ) okay . open credit we see image of we vampire throughout history . coffins . fang . the medium they be depict show a century - long passage of time . medieval woodcut , tapestry , oil painting , encyclopedia photo of statue , cubist painting , silent film footage , photo from the late 1800s , 1920 , 1960s , 1980 , vhs footage , digital photo from the early 2000s . every few image , there 's a quick pop of something frighteningly grotesque -- less artistic or cultural vampire depiction , and with more of a crime - scene photo feel . this be all to the song you be Dead by Norma tanega . wwdit December 8 , 2017 3 . ext . mansion - dusk a large , severely dilapidate mansion subtly stand out ina quiet suburb . int . mansion . library - night we be in a small library , within the vampire house . nandor no , we be go to have a house meeting ! lazslo do not we just have a house - meeting in 1981 ? nandor that be in 1891 , lazslo . lazslo oh , hell ! nandor we be do it ! int . interview with nandor intersperse with this seat interview , we see image of nandor in various battle , in armor and different garb . nandor I have a reputation for be a very tough kind of vampire . oil painting of nandor in ottoman clothing . as he speak we see illustration of nandor in battle . nandor ( cont ’d ) I use to be a very ferocious soldier in the ottoman Empire . which mean a lot of kill , a lot of pillaging . they have say have mercy ! stop pillaging I ! no , I be pillaging everyone ! you include ! I be relentless . they call I '' nandor the relentless '' . because I just never relent . int . mansion . library - night nandor wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 4 . we be having a house meeting , okay ! house meeting ! lazlso all right ! nandor all right ! just think of it asa fun way of catch up with each other . nadja this be worse than die . nandor oh . sorry you feel that way , nadja . nandor ( o.s. from interview ) ( cont ’d ) co-habit with other vampire make sense for financial reason . a lot of vampire spend a lot of money on castle and fancy cape then two hundred year later they be like - uh oh , now I be in a apartment wear jeans . nadja begin . say you boring word . nandor that do not fill I with confidence nadja , but okay . int . interview with nadja she look like a gothic queen wear a huge elizabethan collar . nadja ( 0.s. ) it be nice stay in a house with other vampire . the only people I would speak to when I be in my castle would be my '' victim '' , which be sad . because I eat they . because we have some nice conversation . wwdit December 8 , 2017 int . mansion . library - night nandor before I get to the important business at hand , a little housekeep . we need to discuss general tidiness . especially in the cell . nadja which cell ? nandor the prison -y cell ! last night I hear all this shouting come from there and there be so many angry people down there , half - drunk ! lazslo they have alcohol ? nandor no , they have only be half drunk . drink the whole victim before you start another new one , please . there be nine people down there , still kinda alive , all moan and complain . help I ... help I ... nadja so gross . nandor it be gross . one guy say he have have five birthdays while he 's down in there . lazslo poor guy . nandor I make he some birthday card . nadja should have just kill he . nandor and then I kill he . lazslo oh , then what 's the problem ? wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 6 . they hiss at each other , they eye now glow red . int . interview with lazslo lazslo have a even larger elizabethan collar than nadja . lazslo this '' house -meet '' - as he call it -- seem like just another foul New World innovation nandor be try to foist upon we . I do not like it , sir . we see footage of lazslo write in a dusty tome with a quill pen -- by the light of a single candle . and squinting hard to do so . in the background , nandor switch on a table lamp . lazslo glare at he , and nandor switch the lamp off and back away apologetically . and lazslo go back to squinting very hard to read by candlelight . lazlso I suppose I be kind of a renaissance man in that I be bear in 1531 . I be the most handsome man in my village -- 16th century painting of lazslo look the opposite of that . nadja his village be badly affect by leprosy and the plague . lazslo ( proudly ) it 's true . we see old drawing and painting that illustrate lazslo 's story . lazlso one night I be asleep and I hear a rrrrreeeep .... rrrrreeeppp ... rrrreeeeppp at my window and I think , '' who 's this at my window ? this be weird '' -- because I be on the third floor and there be a very beautiful woman outside just float there . I see she and I be just absolutely hypnotize . nadja I use hypnosis on he . lazslo wwdit December 8 , 2017 7 . I invite she into my bedroom . she turn into this hideous bat creature , I think , '' this one 's different '' . she drain my blood . curse I with the gift of eternal life , make I a thirsty creature of the shadow . we see they in more prosperous time and through the age . Eastern european ruler in fine garb . lazslo ( cont ’d ) be not she intoxicating ? my nadja , Queen of the night . nadja stare , completely bored . int . interview with nandor nandor we all get along great and the house meeting will help we keep the line of communication open and work together as a team . int . mansion . library - night nandor and lazslo fly at each other , fang bare . lazslo swipe at nandor 's face . nadja calmly watch . nandor it 's about hygiene , lazslo ! lazslo it 's about you ego , nandor ! nandor hissssss ! lazslo hecccccccchhh ! nadja why do not we start write we name and date on the victim with marker pen ! suddenly nandor and lazslo be normal slide back into they chair like nothing happen . lazlso great suggestion . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 8 . nandor good idea , nadja . marker pen , guillermo ! and now we come to the real purpose of this house meeting . ( take a ominous beat ) guillermo , close the door . guillermo it be close . nandor Close it more . confused , guillermo push on the door as nandor take out a fancy envelope - seal with a wax signet and cover in foreign stamp . nandor ( cont ’d ) we have receive a letter from the Baron . nadja , lazslo , and guillermo react . this be a very serious development . nandor ( cont ’d ) as we be all now -- finally -- gather as one , in compliance with the protocol , I will impart the Baron 's message . nandor open the letter . what he read stun he . nandor ( cont ’d ) the Baron ... be come to visit we . a dramatic pause of disbelief . interrupted by ... guillermo ( softly ) Holy crap . nandor silence , guillermo . vampire comment only . guillermo nod . nadja the Baron 's never leave the Old country before . do he say what be the purpose of he visit ? nandor no . lazslo when do the great one arrive ? wwdit guillermo December 8 , 2017 9 . nandor ( skim letter ) um ... guillermo ... figure this out ? guillermo ( read ) tomorrow . seem quietly upset . so do nandor . nandor why do not you give this to I earlier ? guillermo it just arrive this morning . nandor angrily shoos guillermo away with the letter . lazslo ( grandly ) let it never be say that the Baron do not know how to make a entrance that will shock and astonish ! it 's obvious that lazslo worship the Baron , while nandor be less impressed -- and even a bit jealous of the Baron . guillermo reference . nandor yes , yes . we be all shocked and astonished that the Baron have not yet discover Federal Express . laugh , but nadja and lazslo do not get the nadja Federal what ? nandor you know -- fed ex . '' when it absolutely , positively have to be there overnight . '' fed ex . I be not sure what it be . lazslo ( suspicious ) have you be secretly view a television box again ? nandor ( cover ) no . of course not . it 's just contemporary folk tale guillermo tell I about . regardless , there be much work to wwdit USA v23 December 8 , 2017 10 . int . be do . and precious little time to do it . interview with nandor nandor the Baron be great . as great as he own legend ? ( shrug ) not for I to say . nandor shake he head to say '' no . '' int . solo interview with lazslo lazslo ( make sure no one be listen ) my suspicion be that the Baron have get wind of how nandor have be run thing over here . straying too often from the old way . so this should be interesting . int . solo interview with nadja nadja be speak quietly , so as not to be overhear . int . solo nadja I be nervous about see the Baron with lazslo present . the Baron and I enjoy a very long , very intense sexual affair a few hundred year ago . very physical , very animal . a lot of acrobatic stuff . it could be awkward . interview with lazslo lazslo many blodline flow back to the Baron ! the power that flow through we vein be rumor to be a eternal gift from the Baron himself . ( more ) lazslo ( cont 'd ) ( beat , then quietly ) also , a while back , the Baron and I enjoy a very long , very intense sex affair . very animal . some pretty wwdit December 8 , 2017 11 . acrobatic stuff . it will be good to reconnect . int . mansion . dine room - night nadja rejoin nandor , lazslo , and guillermo , who be gather around the table . nandor be look at the plan note he 's write on a eighty - year old yellow legal pad . nandor so ... guillermo will transport the Baron from he point of debarkation to here -- lazslo on a velvet - line caisson draw by four black horse ! nandor yeahhhhh ... I know that 's the tradition , but let 's be realistic . so perhaps just two black horse ? guillermo ? do -able ? guillermo not on such short notice , master . they all sit and think . nandor a dark camel ? guillermo maybe a taxi ? nadja a black taxi . lazslo nod he head . nandor okay , great . now , as for the Baron 's bloodfeast ... nadja we should get a couple of virgin . lazlso Lovely ! wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 12 . nandor guillermo , two virgin by tomorrow night ? guillermo of course , master . lazslo we shall feast on virgin blood ! the vampire laugh . guillermo do he best to join in . nandor vampire - only laugh . guillermo hang he head . lazslo be we invite Colin as well ? nadja that would ruin the evening . a very ordinary look man , mopey even , stand at the colin robinson what 's ruin the evening ? nandor ( to guillermo ) I know you do not close the door . colin robinson be we have another house meeting ? int . interview with colin robinson colin robinson hello , my name be Colin Robinson and I be what 's call a psychic vampire or '' energy vampire '' . int . office - day Colin have someone trap in a corner of a office . colin robinson ( v.o. ) Energy vampire drain people 's energy merely by talk to they . ( more ) doorway . wwdit December 8 , 2017 13 . colin robinson ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in fact you probably know a energy vampire . we be the most common kind of vampire . Colin 's office mate lose color before we eye . Colin look energize . his eye glow for a brief moment . colin robinson I just drain Joan 's energy just by have a long chat . int . interview with colin robinson colin robinson it 's actually cooler to be a energy vampire . we be '' daywalker '' , we be not harme by the sun . we do not need to drink blood and we be the only vampire that can suck energy from other vampire ! int . dine room - night colin robinson so , we be not have a house meeting ? the other vampire , they energy drain , just shake they head . colin robinson ( cont ’d ) oh . Colin linger creepily , and leave the room way too slowly . nadja phew . lazslo ( exhaust ) his power grow stronger every day . ext . lane - night lazslo and nadja in match outfit be out for a walk . int . interview with nadja and lazslo nadja we leave Europe about two hundred year ago because there be a lot wwdit USA v23 December 8 , 2017 14 . of prejudice against vampire in Europe at that time . era-appropriate illustration of people with flame torch . and a brief flash of a decapitate vampire head on a pike . lazslo they do not like the color of we skin . nadja or how we kill and eat people . ext . park - night nadja ( v.o. ) we must be careful when walk amongst the live so we do we best to blend in . nadja and lazslo do not blend in . they look like the most intense goth couple you have ever see . they eye human prey . nadja they look nice . lazslo no , he look fatty and drunk . nadja keep you voice down . we must seem as mortal lest we be drive from this land as well . a couple of college bros walk over the bridge . college bro 1 go back to you own country ! lazslo we have be here since 1862 , fatty ! the College bros look confuse . lazslo wave he hand hypnotically . lazslo ( cont ’d ) I mean ... we family have ... fatty . the College bros lose all memory of the interaction they have just have and walk onward . watch they go ... nadja wwdit December 8 , 2017 15 . it 's get early . let 's just make a apertif of this two and save we appetite for the virgin tomorrow . lazslo Fine . but you get the fatty . ext . park - night the College bros walk in the park . lazslo and nadja be now magically in front of they . the bros pause ... turn the other way , the camera follow they . out of nowhere nadja and lazslo now magically block they from the other direction . college bro ahhhhh ! nadja and lazslo fly at they and pull the into the air . geyser of blood , horrific scream , and the crunch of chomp cartilage . then silence . a blood -soak red baseball cap lie in the gutter , while nadja and lazslo wipe blood from they face . lazslo not bad ! and now , shall we explore each other 's body in a frenzy of carnal passion , yes ? nadja all right , but not here , by the public toilet . and you get some on you face . lazslo oh . from the front we see half of lazslo 's face be completely cover in blood . lazslo ( cont ’d ) be it go ? he ineffectually wipe he face but it 's still very bloody . nadja still some there . lazslo I ’1l1 fly home and wash ... and prepare for lovemake . nadja have see something in the distance . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 16 . nadja ( distract ) yeah , okay . I be go to walk . lazslo well , you know how I feel about walk . if I can turn into a bat , I will not do it ! bat ! lazslo click he thumb and turn into a bat , fly , crash into a pole , correct himself and successfully fly away . nadja peer from behind a tree at a a man sit on a bench read from he phone . nadja ( to herself ) can it be ? the man get up and walk away . nadja glide silently behind he . int . nandor 's bedroom - night guillermo be help nandor out of he ornate waking - hour vestment , and hang they carefully on a museum- quality tailor 's dummy . nandor careful with my vestment , guillermo ! a light touch be crucial ... guillermo I know , sir . nandor the gold in that brocade come from the personal -- guillermo nandor ( cont 'd ) ... the personal treasury of ... the personal treasury of vlad the impaler , I know . vlad the impaler himself ! nandor ( cont ’d ) the Baron will probably still be on Old World time , so he slumber cycle might be all mess - up . guillermo yes , sir . nandor wwdit December 8 , 2017 17 . we do not want he waking up in day time and be barbecue meat . int . interview with guillermo guillermo ( v.o . ) in some way I be disappointed that the Baron be arrive on my anniversary of be a familiar but how often do you get to see a ancient vampire ? along with guillermo 's interview we see he perform task . sometimes with nandor . open curtain , sweeping , wash out blood-stain , hang nandor 's vestment carefully on a tailor 's dummy , adjust the antennas on the tiny 1970 television that nandor do indeed secretly watch , board up window . nandor and also , block all of the upstairs window . huge sunlight risk . back to the interview . guillermo when I see Antonio banderas as ' armand 's in interview with a vampire . 1994 . I be blow away . he be the first Hispanic vampire I be expose to and it be then I decide I want to be a vampire . we see guillermo in a photo from 20 year ago in a illfit vampire costume . he make a unconvincing Antonio banderas but we know what he be go for . ext . mansion . night guillermo open the door for nandor . nandor it seem a eternity since I venture out of door . how long have it be , guillermo ? guillermo not since I have know you . nandor float out the front door . guillermo close it . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 18 . guillermo nandor my cape be catch in the door ! guillermo , can you free my cape ? maybe I should just wear my short cape . fuss with the door . nandor ( cont ’d ) be the brocade okay ? how 's the brocade look ? guillermo intricate and undamage , master . nandor good . now , take I to the nearest purveyor of decorative supplies for revelry and debauchery ! int . stationery store - night nandor be examine a roll of black crepe paper from the shelf -- fascinate -- have never see such a thing before . nandor so deliciously macabre . what be it call again ? guillermo crepe paper . nandor exquisite . also , get I some of that colorful dust that sparkles . guillermo glitter ? nandor yes . get I some ... '' glitter '' . every color . guillermo what for , master ? nandor I want to do something special for the Baron 's arrival so I be go to sprinkle some on my face and my body . very ... ( sotto ) twilight . wwdit December 8 , 2017 19 . guillermo ugh . wow . but okay . what 's the crepe paper for ? nandor for the Baron 's bloodfeast . ( explain ) in the Old country , we have weave a canopy out of the flay human skin . but I think that 's because we do not have crepe paper . guillermo you want I should ask up front if they have anything that look more like the flay skin ? nandor no , guillermo . thank you . int . interview with nandor nandor guillermo be my familiar but sometimes he 's a lil too '' familiar '' , know what I mean ? he 's always hang around I . he work hard but , he 's not great at it . I do not like to say this kind of thing in front of he , of course . widen to reveal : guillermo be actually sit right next to nandor . nandor ( cont ’d ) sorry guillermo . I do not like say that in front of you . guillermo that 's okay , sir . nandor can you see how he 's just always around I ? look at he . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 20 . int . stationery store - night guillermo peruse the store . he see something . he approach guillermo master . check it out . so macabre ! guillermo hold up one of that cardboard skeleton decoration one use for kid 's birthday party . nandor sigh wearily then wave he hand -- and the cardboard skeleton cutout burst into flame in guillermo 's hand . guillermo drop it and stamp it out . guillermo walk away crestfallen . at the cash register store owner and that 's 1ll be 79.85 . Cash or credit ? guillermo credit card . nandor you can not pay with that , throw he a metal coin . nandor throw a coin at the store owner . store owner that 's 25 cent sir . nandor enjoy it ! store owner it 's not enough . nandor stab this man . guillermo just credit card . nandor you kind of disobey I just now . and I be note it . it 's because I do not like the skeleton , be not it . nandor .. wwdit December 8 , 2017 21 . a pause . ext./ int . apartment build - night we see from a long lens nadja float outside of the window of the man from the park . the man flop onto he bed . kick off one shoe . half pull down he pants . it 's a sad sight . nadja it 's he . the man clumsily turn off he light . it 's dark now . nadja try to peer in . she see nothing . suddenly , he face be light up by he phone screen . by he expression he seem to be masturbate . nadja hold up a 1940s flash bulb camera and take a photo with the bright flash . suddenly the lamp turn on ... the man run to the window hold he pants up . no one be there . the man look through he now open window . a trash can fall over . he put he head out . the window come down and nearly take off he head . ext . STREET - night overburden with decoration , guillermo try to bring up he anniversary . guillermo can you tell I about when you become a vampire , master ? how long do you wait ? nandor not that long . hey , any progress on that virgin yet ? guillermo I know a awesome place to find virgin . int . college campus function room - night a modest live action role - play group be dress in they idea of fantasy clothes - e.g. someone might wear a feathered hat , a cape and fila shoe . the uncoolest thing you have ever see . the larp group play out a scene . larper girl throw some dice . larp girl nine - confrontation ! jenna this ale be poison , peasant ! wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 22 . jonathan how dare you make that false accusation sir ! I have poison not you ale , wench ! the other larper mock outrage at the language . jenna didst thou callest I wench , troll ? guillermo speak quietly to cam . guillermo ( t.c. ) this live action role - play group have a very high ratio of adult virgin . it 's harder to find someone who be not a virgin here . angle on : Jonathan and larper 2 be gingerly fight with wooden sword . the other larper be amuse . they laugh and cheer . guillermo ( t.c ) ( cont ’d ) look at they dress as elve or some shit . int . interview with nadja nadja in the old country , century ago , I be in a very passionate love with a human man call gregor . he be a knight , he wear armor , he be very cool . he be decapitate in a battle and it be sad . but I never really get over gregor . even when I meet lazslo . lazslo float past the doorway , struggle with a boot . a older woman ( lazslo and nadja 's silent familiar JUNE ) follow he patiently , try to help . lazslo you will go on my foot , boot ! nadja wait to make sure lazslo be go . nadja the man I see tonight -- I think it be he . wwdit December 8 , 2017 23 . we see a beautiful baroque painting of a man in armor recoil from a sword with a anguish face . it certainly seem to be the same man although a lot cooler . nadja ( cont ’d ) I think he be the reincarnation of my ex-boyfriend , gregor . we be now closer on the face of the painting . this be crossfade with the photo nadja take of the man catch masturbate . it 's the same face with the exact same expression . back to nadja look concerned . lazslo why do not foot rhyme with boot ? foot. boot. fooooot. booooot . ah ! I do it ! I be go to write you a poem darling ! int . college campus function room - night in the distance guillermo be show Jonathan and Jenna photo on he phone . guillermo check this shit out . jenna woah . guillermo we get sword , we get crossbow , we get all kind of medieval shit . come tomorrow night , 9pm . do not be early . guillermo give the thumb up to the camera . mouth '' virgin '' . int . mansion - western wing - night nandor be lead nadja and lazslo through a dark , dusty hallway . nadja I have never be in this part of the house . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 24 . some bat nandor no one have for 80 year . I have preserve this chamber unsully that we might have a appropriate location for a ceremonial bloodfeast , should the Baron ever visit . fly out a doorway . lazlso ( to camera ) that be just some vampire buddy of mine . nadja they be just normal bat . lazlso that 's Jeremy and Carol ! nadja no vampire would be call Jeremy . nandor another plus ? if we have the Baron 's ceremony here , you - know - who will not even need to know . I mean Colin . nandor open a old door . int . bedroom - night it be a normal , brightly light bedroom . Colin 's in there . colin robinson ever hear of knock ? nandor Colin ? what be you do in here ? colin robinson this be my bedroom . lazslo oh . colin robinson how can I help you ? wwdit December 8 , 2017 25 . nadja we be just say hi. ( pause ) hi . colin robinson I have never have someone visit I before . nadja okay , good to see you ! bye ! colin robinson hey , what 's happen tomorrow night ? nandor nothing . lazslo not have virgin for dinner !! Colin look disappointed . he know . nandor , nadja , and lazslo head back the way they come . nandor ( quietly ) there 's another unsully chamber down in the basement . lazslo the Baron be accustom to the grandest blood -hall and abattoir ! we junk room be not fit for he ! nandor we can move the stairmaster out of there . lazslo good idea . never understand its suppose use anyway . nandor it 's say to improve fortitude and stamina . lazslo do not even work as a torture device . just make we victim very skinny , very slowly . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 26 . ext . dock - dawn guillermo sign a bill of landing on a clipboard , as a large wooden crate be off - load from a ship . a ancient , silent , odd - look man -- the baron 's familiar -- stand nearby . ext . mansion - morning guillermo supervise as three regular guy unload the crate from a batter black van that have moishe 's mover on the side and carry it into the house . the Baron 's familiar keep one hand reverently on the top of the Baron 's coffin . int . mansion . basement as the Baron 's familiar look on , guillermo use a crowbar to pry open the wooden crate , revealing a beautiful , ancient coffin with intricate carving on it . int . interview with nadja as nadja talk about gregor we see different version of he through history . some with she alongside he . nadja gregor be reincarnate again as a Persian street thief , he be catch and they behead he '' to teach he a lesson '' and it do stop he to be honest . then many decade later he return as a beautiful Slovenian washerman . we do manage to fool around a couple of time but apparently she get she head chop off in a toilet clean accident , do not ask I how . weird . a lot of beheading . I just notice . ext . apartment build - dusk nadja stand in the long shadow of late dusk . every part of she body be cover , protectively , include a black hat with a dark veil . but still , we can see that she be physically weaken , and have take a great risk to come out before it 's completely dark . the man leave he building . as he pass ... nadja man ? human man ? he do not turn . wwdit he turn . December 8 , 2017 27 . nadja ( cont ’d ) gregor ! nadja ( cont ’d ) it be you . man what do you say ? nadja gregor , the century have not change you . man oh . my name 's Jeff . nadja Jeff ... jeff oh wait ... I remember you . nadja from a past life long ago . jeff ah ... from the park last night ? nadja gregor . jeff no , jeff. nadja gregor de’ lavoir . jeff no , Jeff leibenstein . but ... you know what 's weird ? nadja what be weird gr.. Jeff leibenstein ? jeff when I be in 12th grade I use to wish my name be greg . nadja as in gregor . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 28 . jeff as in greg . nadja wow . ext . / int . front foyer of the mansion - night nandor be lighting candle in a big candelabra . nandor guillermo ? will the virgin be arrive soon ? guillermo yes , master . finger cross . nandor aaaaaarrrghhh ! ( then ) oh , it 's only a finger cross . do not do that . the doorbell ring . guillermo dinner be serve . nandor and lazslo roll they eye at guillermo 's attempt at a joke . guillermo open the door and welcome in Jenna and Jonathan from the larp group . guillermo ( cont ’d ) Jenna . Jonathan . so pleased you could make it . jenna well , this house be officially creepy . jonathan yeah . very authentic . nandor and lazslo eye Jenna and Jonathan skeptically . nandor hi !!! be you the two virgin ? jonathan I do not see how that be any of you business . nandor so , yes . what about you ? wwdit ext . park December 8 , 2017 29 . jenna well , my boyfriend and I have not meet irl . lazslo what ? guillermo in real life . nandor he 's fictional ? jenna no , we meet online . we be plan a irl meet later in the year . f2f be a big step for we . lazslo what language be this ? jonathan I be not a virgin . in my last relationship we do quote pretty much everything unquote ... nandor except sex ? jonathan a gentleman mage do not tell of he conquest sir . nandor well do , guillermo . - night Jeff walk along and nadja glide along beside he . nadja I must go soon . jeff right . okay . nadja I just come to beg of you : avoid dangerous activity -- especially that involve the head and / or the neck . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 30 . jeff yeah , I pretty much stick to just cardio and weight . nadja uh huh . I simply could not bear lose you . again . jeff okay . nadja so , be you a knight ? jeff yeah ! well , a night watchman at a supermarket . nadja protector of the people . jeff oh , not really . ha . nadja laugh like Jeff be a hilarious . nadja my sweet gregor - Jeff ! I have forget what a brilliant raconteur you be ! I must leave you now . but I will find you again ! jeff okay , well if you want to get coffee ... nadja oh , gregor -- remember that time we make love so passionately that I accidentally cut you head off ? and then I keep go till my need be meet ? let 's do that again . but maybe without the knifeplay . jeff do what now ? she 's go . jeff ( cont ’d ) weird . wwdit December 8 , 2017 31 . int . mansion basement hallway - night guillermo be lead Jenna and Jonathan down a basement hallway . guillermo so the party be go to start in a little while . why do not you guy just have a seat in here and I ’11l come get you when -- guillermo open the door to a room . there be people with write on they head . e.g. nadja - September 15 2016 lazslo June 2010 ? they be milling about -- gruesome , halfdead lose soul . one of they be strapped to a wall , moan . guillermo ( cont ’d ) oops . why do not we wait up in the kitchen ? int . basement chamber - night which look very subterranean and spooky . candelabras and torch . ( but there 's still a old stairmaster in the back that look too heavy to move , which have be cover in black crepe paper . ) guillermo have propped the Baron 's coffin up at the head of the table , but it 's still seal shut . the Baron 's familiar stand at attention just behind the Baron 's coffin . nandor and lazslo be sit at the coffin 's right and leave . nadja and lazslo 's silent familiar JUNE stand nearby . a bat flutter in , then transform into nadja , who take a seat at the table . nadja Boy , be my arm tired . lazslo you be late ! nandor ( formally ) we three be gather as one , as the protocol dictate . so the ceremony can commence . guillermo ? can you open the Baron 's caske - - but before nandor can finish speak , the Baron 's casket slowly open with the sound of heavy wood or stone creak . its content be envelop in a heavy mist , from which emerge ... a truly scary vampire . Long fang , draw face , wispy hair , pale skin . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 32 . it be naked , have no genitals and have wing - like flap of skin under its armpit . even nandor , nadja , and lazslo seem frighten of its form . it begin speak , in a horrifying ancient Latin tongue , which sound like a backwards - talk person from twin peak with the voice of bane . the baron ne la materia che mai non dorme be de I fenomeni be de le forme -- nandor my sire ? if I may ? that we might comprehend you more clearly ? English please . nadja the old tongue have withere with we , like nightshade in a desert . lazslo I totally remember he as have genitals . the baron ( still horrifying voice timbre ) do this suit you better ? nandor my sire ? just so as not to frighten we familiar ? perhaps a form that could pass for human ? angle on : guillermo and June , both in shock at the Baron 's form . despite they familiarity with the supernatural , they be both paralyze with fear and have tear trickle down they cheek . another flash of light and smoke , and the Baron transmogrify into into a slightly less - scary form : a large half - man , half - bat , whose breath form a mist as if he mere presence have reduce the room 's temperature to sub - zero . the baron how 's this ? nadja / lazslo / nandor perfect . / I like the first way . / still a bit scary . nandor guillermo ? fetch the virgin . guillermo exit hastily . the baron wwdit December 8 , 2017 33 . I be weary from my journey . lazslo before you start , sire , I have just like to go on record as say that the old way be the best way . and for too long we here may have be lead astray by the allure of the new . nandor inaccurate and unfair . lazslo you will notice '' crepe '' paper instead of actual human skin . nandor kind of a dick move to bring this up at this particular juncture , lazslo . the baron ( so loud it shake plaster off the ceiling and extinguish some of the candle ) silence . I have come with a message . the Baron now have they full attention . nandor , the baron ( cont ’d ) the Old World be dead . the Old Ways be over . the New World -- this '' aamrika '' as you call it -- be we lifeline to a eternal future . nandor say what now ? the baron have you forget why I send you three here in the first place ? nadja , and lazslo all think -- but they obviously have forget . the baron ( cont ’d ) the mission . nandor ( to interview camera ) I do not know what he 's talk about , mission . I come here by mistake . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 34 . the baron you be suppose to conquer the New World ! two hundred year have pass with no progress ! and here you be : the land of opportunity spread before you like a blood banquet . and yet you hide in the shadow . nadja we go out ... the baron ... instead of engage with this wonderful New World -- a land that virtually thirst for a new order of master and supplicant . nandor a fair point . but on the other hand - the baron you idleness and sloth have leave you mire in irrelevance . but no longer ! the great plan recommence now ! and the world will not soon forget this hallow night when a decree go forth . the human race will forever lament ... ( to nandor ) what be this place know as ? nandor staten Island . the baron the human race will forever lament the night they end be foretold in ... staten Island . lightn and thunder flash outside . then a long silent beat . lazslo I have be say we should do something like this for year , master . nandor roll he eye at how quickly lazslo have flip -flopped . the baron this '' staten Island '' -- it be the cultural and political capital of the New World , I trust ? nandor wwdit December 8 , 2017 35 . ( pause ) some say . I mean , there 's a argument to be make ... nadja it 's where the boat drop we off . lazslo for at least two hundred year I have be say we should relocate to New Amsterdam , but -- the baron enough . now I must slumber . wake I when you great work be complete . nandor of course . but ... um ... what kind of time frame be we look at here ? the baron silence . lazslo ( quietly ) my Lord , be you hungry after you trip because we -- the baron silence . lazslo oh , you mean complete silence . nadja shut up , man . lazslo you say the last thing . and now you make I . great . with a flash of light and smoke , the Baron lie back in he casket , which close on its own . and then there be silence . lazslo ( cont ’d ) well . a lot to unpack here . nadja shall we get in the virgin ? hate to let they go to waste . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 36 . nandor I feel so dumb that I wear glitter . nandor pull a velvet sash that ring a bell upstairs . lazslo turn to the Baron 's familiar . lazslo I do not believe we have be properly introduce . I be lazslo . very old , very , very good friend of the Baron . the Baron 's familiar just stare straight ahead , ignore lazslo . lazslo ( cont ’d ) okay . we can catch up after you have settle in . int . hallway - night nandor be honest though , the Baron be kind of a dick . lazslo shh . he 's very powerful . nandor you think he hear I ? int . kitchen - night guillermo I be too late . the two virgin 's eye be glaze as Colin drone on and on . colin robinson .-.. so in the long run it 's actually cheaper to lease a pre - own vehicle than to buy one . and if you factor in insurance and maintenance ... nandor oh , great ! Colin have drain they of all they energy ! the perfect end to a perfect evening . wwdit December 8 , 2017 37 . int . nandor's bedroom - night guillermo be help nandor out of he ornate vestment . nandor I be not sure the Baron understand how big the New World be . I mean , where he 's from , you conquer three village , you have basically conquer the whole country . guillermo I be sorry Colin get to the virgin . I have keep they alive though . nandor separately , I assume . would hate to have they de-virginize each other before we all get a bite . guillermo of course , master . nandor you be glum , guillermo . you think that I have forget that tonight be a special night for you as well , do not you ? guillermo brighten bashfully . nandor ( cont ’d ) and do not a anniversary call for a reward recognize you year of service ? guillermo I be ready , master . nandor good . prepare yourself ... guillermo close he eye and bare he neck . not notice that nandor have pull something from he coffin . nandor ( cont ’d ) okay , open you eye . nandor hand guillermo a hand - make glitter picture of guillermo and nandor . nandor be proud of it . nandor ( cont ’d ) happy anniversary , guillermo . wwdit USA v 23 December 8 , 2017 38 . guillermo oh. well . thank you , master . nandor savor it . it 's the real reason I want all that glitter . guillermo do not know whether to be touch or insulted . nandor ( cont 's D ) you deserve it . two year of seevice + guillermo ... twenty year , sir . nandor oh , okay . Close my coffin please . as guillermo help nandor into he coffin ... guillermo slumber soundly , master . a disappointed guillermo close the lid of nandor 's coffin . he tidy the cape on the rack . take a moment . then angrily rip the brocade off the cape . guillermo ( cont ’d ) frickin brocade ... end