when harry met sally rarrtaeeesesiee original screenplay by nora ephron come ee oe see Rob reiner ~ ee Rev. 8/3/88 8/4/88 8/9/88 8/11/88 8/12/88 8/15/88 8/16/88 8/17/88 : castle rock picture 8/19/88 Raleigh studios 8/19/88 650 n. bronson # 308 8/22/88 Hollywood , CA 90028 8/23/88 pink . copyright ( C ) 1988 Castle rock ent. all rights reserved fade in : documentary footage i of a older couple , a man and a woman . they be sit together on a loveseat look straight at the camera . ( the documentary dialogue that follow be mean only as a indication ; the movie will use real people , not actor , and we will be hearing they actual storey , which will be similar to the one indicate here . ) man I be sit with my friend , Arthur kornblum , in a restaurant , it be a horn & hardart cafeteria , they do not have they any more , and this girl walk in -- ( he point to the wee . woman beside he ) . le. -- and I turn to Arthur and I say , '' Arthur , you see that girl ? I be go to marry she . " and two week later we be marry . and it 's 50 year later and we be still marry . fade out . fade in : ext . university of chicago campus - day 2 card : ten year ago a couple in a clinch . the young man involved be name harry burn . he 's 26 year old , just graduate from law school . wearing jeans and a sweatshirt . he 's kissing a young woman name amanda . she have long straight hair that she iron . she 's about 20 . the embrace be fairly melodramatic . they pull back to look at one another . amanda I love you . harry I love you . they begin to kiss again . ( continued ) continued : revise 8/3/88 2 a car pull up right beside they . stop . sit there . 2 driving the car be sally albright . she 's 21 year old . she 's very pretty although not necessarily in a obvious way . she sit there wait for the kiss to end . it do not end . she clear she throat . they do not hear she . she shift position and accidentally - on=purpose hit the car horn , which beep and startles amanda and Harry into break off they clinch . amanda see Sally , and she and Harry move over to the car . amanda oh. hi , Sally . Sally -- this be Harry burn . Harry , this be __ Sally albright.____ . harry Nice to meet you . they shake hand . sally ( to Harry ) * you want to drive the first shift ? harry no , no == you be there already , you can start . Harry look meaningfully at amanda . then he start to put he stuff -- a duffel bag , a box of record -- into the back seat of the car , where Sally 's stuff be , too -- suitcase , stereo speaker , a guitar , box of book , a small tv . amanda * cail I . harry * I will call as soon as I get there . amanda * call I from the road . . harry * I will call before that . Harry and amanda exchange long look outside the car . ( continued ) 3 3 continued : revise 6/22/88 amanda I love you . barry I love you , too . they kiss again . Sally sit wait , wait . she hit the car horn again . Harry and amanda break apart . sally sorry . Harry get into the car and as it pull away he and amanda exchange more '' I love you 's '' and '' I will call you 's '' and '' goodby . '' ext . chicago STREET - day 3 as the car head toward whichever highway be relevant . City traffic . Sally drive . Harry in the passenger seat . int . car - day 4 Harry take out a bunch of grape , start to eat they . . sally tt have this all figure ont . it 's a 18 hour trip , which break down to 6 shift of 3 hour each . or , alternatively , we could break it * down by mileage . there 's a map on the visor , I have mark it to show the location where we change shift . you can do three hour ? harry ( offer she one ) grape ? sally . no . I do not like to eat between meal . Harry spit a grape seed out the window , which do not happen to be down . ( continued ) revise 8/17/88 4 continued : 4 - harry * a I will roll down the window . after a lengthy silence . harry I hope this be not go to be one of that trip with a lot of long , awkward silence . sally I , too . a long awkward silence . . harry why do not you tell I the story of teme : merce renee same not corer ee fagg - se ee sally the story of my life ? harry we have get 18 hour to kill before we get to New York . : ( continued ) continued : sally 4 the story of my life be not even go to get we out of Chicago . I mean , nothing 's happen to I yet . that 's why I be go to New York . harry so something can happen to you . sally yes. harry like what ? sally like I be go to go to journalism _school and become @ reporter . 2 = harry so you can write about thing that happen to other people . sally {after a beat ) that 's one way to look at it . harry suppose nothing happen to you . suppose you live there you whole life and nothing happen and you never meet anyone and you never become anything and finally you die one of that New York death where nobody evan notice for two week until the smell drift out into the hallway . Sally look over at Harry . who be I stick in this car with ? she look back at the road . ext . car - traveling shot - day 5 as the car turn onto the highway . sally ( v.0 . ) amanda mention you have a dark side . harry that 's what draw she to I . int . car - day 6 sally you dark side ? harry yeah . why ? do not you have a. dark side ? no . you be probably one of that cheerful people who dot she " i 's " with little heart . sally ( defensively ) I have just as much of a dark side as the next person -- harry nplease with himself ) oh , really ? when I get a new book , I read the last page first . that way , if I die before I finish I _ _ know how it come out . that , my _ friend , be a dark side . sally ( irritate now ) it do not mean you be deep or anything . I mean , I be basically a happy person . harry ( cheerfully ) so be i. sally ..eand I do not see that there 's anything wrong with that . harry of course you do not . you be too busy be happy . do you think about death ? sally yes . harry sure you do . a fleeting think that drift in and out of the transom of you mind . I spend hour , I spend day -- sally ( interrupt ) -- and you think this make you 4 better person ? ( continued ) 6 continued : revise 8/16/88 harry 6 look , when the shit come down , I be go to be prepare and you be not , that 's all I be say . sally and in the meantime , you be go to ruin you whole life wait for it . ( after a beat ) what be you go to do in New York ? harry I do not know . I just graduate from law ~ * school , but I never really think I be go to be a lawyer -- I * see it as a jump - off point . ee sa . you should be a lawyer : the kind that * a 6a .- ss? 6aa. 6b. 7 sy do will . I think you would be really good at explain to people they be go to die . on Harry 's reaction . dissolve to : ext . car - day the car tooling along a beautiful stretch of highway . ext . highway - day 6aa . * sally ( v.0 . ) * time . * the car pull off the road onto the shoulder . Sally * and get out and switch seat . Harry drive now : Harry and the car pull away leave rubber and dust . ext . car exiting ( industrial ) - magic hour ext . car - highway - late apternoon 7 the car be now on a surface road head towards a motel / diner complex . . , Harry be drive . Sally be in the passenger seat . harry ( 0.s. ) he do not want she to stay . that 's why he put she on the plane . ( continued ) 8a revise 8/16/88 7 7 continued : sally ( 0.s. ) I do not think she want to stay . we . harry : of course she want to stay . would not you rather be with humphrey bogart than that other guy ? ( continued ) continued : '' ~ the gar stop in 's front of the diner which be straight '' 7 revise 8/16/88 sally 7 I do not want to spend the rest of my life in casablanca marry to a man who run a bar . that probably sound very snobbish to you , but I do not . : harry you would rather have a passionless marriage -- sally -- and be first Lady of Czechoslovakia -- * harry -- than live with the man you have have the great sex of you life with , just because he own a bar and that 's all he do . out of the fifty . sally yes , and so would any woman in she right mind . woman be very practical . even ingrid bergman , which be why she get on that plane at the end of the movie . harry ( get out of the car ) oh , I understand . sally what ? harry nothing . Harry cross towards the diner . Sally follow after he . sally what ? int . diner 8 as Harry and Sally come in the door . a hostess be wait . harry obviously you have not have great sex yet . ( continued ) continued : revise 8/22/88 8 ( to the hostess ) 8 table for two . wy hostess right this way . sally yes I have . harry no you have not . he cross away from she towards the table . , sally it just so happen I have have plenty of good sex . this do not go unheard by the hostess and other diner . _ — ao — — — — —- Sally walk to the table ; sit '' down . ee * harry with whom ? sally what ? * harry have you have this good sex ? * - , sally ( embarrassed ) I be not go to tell you that . harry Fine . do not tell I . a long silence . maybe they both look at the menu . maybe . they just sit there . sally shel Gordon . harry shel. sheldon ? no. I be sorry . you do not have great sex with sheldon . sally I do too . harry no. a " sheldon " can do you tax . if you need a root canal , he 's you man , but between the sheet be not a '' sheldon 's " strong suit . ( continued ) continued : 8 harry ( cont 'd ) 8 : ( sort of ina wy girl 's voice ) " I love you , sheldon . do it to I , sheldon . - I can not get enough of you , sheldon . '' it do not work . a waitress approach the table . waitress what can I get you ? harry I will have the number Three . waitress what kind of bread do you want that on ? wee a - ~ garry sc surprise I . the waitress turn to Sally . sally you know what I would like be the apple pie a la mode . waitress ( write ) Apple a la mode . sally but I would like the pie heat , and I do not want the ice cream on top , I want it on the side . and I would like strawberry instead of vanilla if you have it . if not , then no ice cream , just whipped cream , but only if it 's real . if it 's out of a can , then nothing . waitress not even the pie ? sally no , just the pie . but then not heat . as the waitress leave , Harry stare in disbelief at Sally . sally a ( continue ) what ? ( continued ) 7 to — — — — — — — " — " '' want to know . '' revise 8/16/88 continued : : harry 8 nothing . se how come you break up with sheldon ? sally how do you know we break up ? : harry because if you do not , you would not be with I , you would be with sheldon the wonder schlong . sally pirst of all , I be not with you . second of all , it 's none of you business why we break up . harry you be right , you be right . I do not after a beat . sally if you must know , it be because he be very jealous and I have this day of the week underpant . harry ( make a buzzer sound ) judge 's ruling on this . day of the week underpant ? sally yes . they have the day of the week on they , I think they be sort of funny -- and one day he say to I , you never wear Sunday . he get all suspicious . where be Sunday ? where * have I leave Sunday ? and I tell hin , but he do not believe I . barry what ? sally they do not make Sunday . ( continued ) 11 continued : 8 . harry 8 why not ? a sally -- because. of god. harry and that 's what break you up ? sally yes . harry . how many man have you sleep with ? sally I be not go to tell you that . a harry a beat . ae — okay . do not tell I . ee * sally . two. : harry you have be with two people and you be tell I base on two people you know whether or not you nve have great sex ? sally how many have you ? harry I do not know . sally what do you mean , you do not know ? harry I do not know . sally be it between zero and three , four and ten , or ten and a hundred ? harry ten and a hundred . sally be it closer to ten or closer to e hundred ? ( continued ) 12 continued : revise 8/16/88 harry 8 ten . the waitress bring they food . as they eat : dissolve to : ext . diner - night - re-establish int . diner - dusk - . 9 they be finish they meal . the check arrive . Sally figure out she portion of the bill . she * notice Harry just stare at she . ee ee sab ( think she might have some food on she face , she nervously wipe ) what ? do I have ...? harry you be a very attractive person . sally oh , thank you . harry amanda never say you be so attractive . sally maybe she do not think I be attractive . harry it 's not a matter of opinion . empirically you be attractive . sally Harry , amanda be my friend . Sally get up , drop some money on the table and cross * away . Harry also leave some money and follow she . barry $ 0 ? sally so you be go with she . harry so ? ( continued ) 13 continued : revise 8/16/88 9 . sally 9 so you be come on to I . harry a no I be not . harry ( continue ) what ? can not a man say a woman be attractive without it be a come - on ? she stare at he , then exit the diner and head for the car . harry ( continue ) all right . let 's just say for the ste _of argument it be a come - on . okay . what do you want I to do ? ~~ os I take it back . all right , I take it back . sally you can not take it back . harry sy why not ? sally it 's already out there . a awkward pause . harry oh , jeez . what be we suppose to do now ? call the cop ? it 's already out there . sally just let it lie , okay ? she quickly get in the car and unlock he door . * he get in the car . - harry right , right . let it lie . that 's my policy . let it lie . ( beat ) so , you want to spend the night in the motel ? will ( continued ) 10 14 continued : revise 8/11/88 harry 9 ( continue ) see what I do ? I do not let it lie . sally Harry -- harry I say I would and then I do not -- sally Harry -- harry I go the other way -- sally oe morey Te harry yes ? sally * we be just go to be friend , okay ? harry yeah . great . Friends . best thing . as the car start up , and pull out ... CuT to : int . car - night 10 * a long silence . harry you realize , of course , that we can never be friend . sally what do you mean ? {continued ) 15 continued : harry 10 what I be say -- and this be not a come - on in any way , shape or form -- be that man and woman can not be - friend . the sex part always get in the way . sally that 's not true . I have a number of man friend and there 's no sex involved . harry no you do not . sally yes I do . ee ae . — — ...._ harry_ . oe _ no you do not . : sally yes I do . harry you only think you do . sally you be say I be have sex with this man without my knowledge ? harry no , I be say they all want to have sex with you . sally they do not . harry they do too . sally they do not . harry do too . sally how do you know ? harry because no man can be friend with a woman he find attractive . he always want to have sex with she . ( continued ) 10 il 12 16 continued : sally 10 so you be say a man can be friend with a woman he find - unattractive . . harry no . you pretty much want to have sex with they , too . sally what if they do not want to have sex with you ? harry do not matter . the sex thing be already out there , so the friend - ship be ultimately doom , and that 's the end of the story . sally well . I guess we be not go to be friend , then . : harry I guess not . sally it 's too bad . ( beat ) you be the only person I know in New York . dissolve to : ext . new york skyline - dawn will as the car come over the George Washington Bridge . a gorgeous day . dissolve to : ext . new york STREET corner - day 12 downtown near Washington Square . the car pull up and Harry hop out grab he stuff . harry * well , it be nice know you . ( continued ) 12 , Harry start to walk off . 164 revise 8/22/88 continued : 12 sally yeah . it be interesting . - harry : yeah . thanks for the ride . sally you be welcome . Sally nod . Harry nod . a awkward moment . Sally hold out she hand . they shake . sally well , have a nice life . harry you too . as she drive off . fade out . 13 fade in : documentary footage 13 another older couple sit together on the same love seat we see earlier . woman we fall madly in love in high school . man we be high school sweetheart . woman I just say that . do not I just say that ? but after we junior year , he parent move away . man " buty donever forget she . ~ woman he never forget I . man her face burn itself on my brain . thirty - four year later I see she come out of toffenetti's . woman we look at each other and it be as if not one day go by . man she look as beautiful as when she be sixteen year old . woman he look the same , he look exactly the same to I . ( continued ) 17 13 '' 414 18 continued : man . 13 and we have not be apart one day since then . woman not one day . fade out . fade in : int . LA guardia airport - day 14 it's five year later . a couple in a clinch . fhe woman be Sally at 26 . she look great , she 's a stylish young woman . she 's kissing €@ very attractive =~ man witha beard , although it 's not that easy to see he at the moment . his name be joe . Harry be come down the hallway of the airline terminal . he 's wear a suit and tie and trenchcoat ; he have a kind of attractive - but-rumple demeanor . he notice the couple kissing . go past they . then stop . back up . he recognize then . they be still kissing . Harry come closer , peer at the two of they from slightly too close . it 's not easy to see either of they face . , finally , Sally and Joe become aware that someone be stand nearby , and they stop kissing to look at harry Joe -=- I think it be you . Harry burn . joe Harry , Harry , how be you ? Joe hold out he hand . they shake . harry how ya doin ' ? joe Fine , fine . ( continued ) 19 continued : 14 harry 14 I think it be you . beat ) still with the d.a. 's office ? joe I switch over to the other side . what about you ? harry I be work for a small company -- political consulting . Joe nod . Harry nod . a awkward pause . Sally just stand there , wonder if Harry remember she . joe a coer oo = — oo bagey this be Sally albright . ~~ burn . we use to live in the same building . harry ( he know he 's geen she co someplace but ad he can not remember where ) hi . Sally nod . harry ( continue ) - well , great to see you . see you around . Harry start down the long corridor for he plane . Joe and Sally look at each other . sally thank God he could not place I . I drive from college to New York with he five year ago and it be the longest night of my life . joe what happen ? ~ ( continued } 14 20 continued : revise 8/11/88 sally 14 he make a pass at I and when I say no -- he be go with a friend of mine , uh ...oh God , I can not remember she name ; do not * get involved with I , Joe , I be 26 year old and I can not even remember the name of a person I be such good friend with that I would not get involved with she boyfriend ... joe so what happen ? sally when ? joe he make a pass at you and you say sally uhh ... I say we can just be friend , this part I remember , and he say man and . woman could not really be friend . Joe kiss she again . sally ( continue ) do you think it 's true ? joe no. sally do you have any woman friend ? just friend ? joe no , but I will get one if it 's important to you . sally amanda reese . that be she last name . thank God . another kiss . joe I all miss you . ( beat ) I love you . ( continued ) 21 continued : revise 8/17/88 14 sally 14 ( she love hearing this ) you do ? joe yes. ' ' sally I love you . 15 int . airplane - day 1s the plane be in flight , en route from New York to Washington . Sally be in a middle seat in a crowded all - coach plane . she have the face . on she lap , but she 's New York Times - + coo tear into the-middle - distance , -e 2 ittle smile on she ~~~ ~~~ there 's a man on the aisle next to she . in the row in back of she , in the aisle seat , be Harry . his head pop up . Sally start to read the newspaper . the man on the aisle look up at Harry , who 's still loom over they , try to place Sally . Harry pop down . Sally start to read again . Harry pop up again . pop back down . the stewardess come down the aisle with the drink cart , ask Sally for she drink order . sally do you have bloody Mary mix ? yes . stewardess she start to pour . sally no wait . here 's what I want . regular tomato juice , not too much ice , and fill it up about three quarter , and * then add a splash of the bloody Mary mix . just a splash . { continued ) 22 continued : revise 8/15/88 . 15 Harry 's head start to rise again . 15 ns sally ( continue ) and a little piece of lime , but on the side . harry the University of Chicago , right ? sally yes . Harry pop down . he pop right back up . : harry do you look this good at the tome ee mrs on not on svee ity of Chicago ? ~~ 7 ue I no sally no . harry ( he 's be mischievous = here ) do we ever --? reaction from man on aisle . * sally ( laugh ; she can not believe he ) no , no. jesus. ( to man on aisle ) * we drive from Chicago to New York the day after graduation . the man on the aisle have be listen and watch all this . man on the aisle ( with some irritation ) would you two like to sit together ? before Sally can object . : harry great . Harry and the man on the aisle change seat and Harry sit down next to Sally . ( continued ) 23 continued : ; harry 15 you be a friend of ... oh jeez . 15 he can not remember she name . sally amanda 's . I can not believe you can not remember she name . harry what do you mean ? I can remember . amanda . right ? amanda Rice . sally reese . harry : reese , right . that 's what I say . whatever happen to she ? sally I have no idea . harry you have no idea ? you be a good ~ * friend of hers . we do not make it because you be such good friend . sally you go with she . harry be it worth it ? this sacrifice for -a friend you have not even keep in touch with ? sally Harry , you may not believe this , but I never consider not sleep with you a sacrifice . harry Fair enough , fair enough . after a beat : harry you be go to be a gymnast . sally a journalist . harry that 's what I say . so , do you ...? ( continued ) oe 15 continued 3 24 revise 8/17/88 sally I '' a journalist . I work at the News . , harry great . and you be with Joe . that 's great -— ( beat ) you guy have be together - what ? three week ? sally a month . how do you know ? harry you take someone to the airport , it 's clearly the beginning of the relationship . that 's why I have never take anyone to the airport _ at the beginning of a relationship . sally why ? harry because eventually thing move on and you do not take someone to the airport , and I never want anyone to be able to say to I , how come you never take I to the airport anymore . ' sally it 's amazing . you look like a normal person but actually you be the angel of death . harry be you go to marry he ? sally we have only know each other a month . besides , neither one of we be look to get marry right now . harry I be get marry . sally you be ? ( continued ) 15 25 continued : revise 68/22/88 15 harry 15 ( matter - of - factly ) . yep. sally xou be ? * harry yep . sally who be she ? harry helen hillson . she 's a lawyer . she 's keep she name . ce ee -— — -- ( ghake hex > : you be get marry . smile . harry what 's so funny about it ? sally it 's just so optimistic of you . harry you would be amaze what fall madly in love can do for you . sally that 's wonderful , Harry . it 's nice to see you embrace life in this manner . harry besides , you just get to a certain point where you get tired of the whole thing . sally what whole thing ? harry the whole life -of -a-single - guy thing , you know , you meet someone , you have the safe lunch , where you ( more ) ( continued ) 15 oo '' jong do you like to be hold 16 17 26 continued : revise 8/17/88 . harry ( cont 'd ) 15 decide you like each other enough to move on to dinner , you go dance , you do the white man 's overbite , then you go back to she place , you have sex , and the minute you finish , you know what go through you head ? ( Sally shake she head no ) how long do I have to lie here and hold she before I can get up and go home ? be 30 second enough ? sally that 's what you be think ? be that true ? harry yeah . all_men think that . how afterwards ? all night , right ? that 's the problem . somewhere between 30 second and all night be you . problem . | sally I do not have a problen . harry yes you do . the flight attendant announce that everyone should fasten seatbelt in preparation for landing in Washington , d.c . ext . national airport - day 16 as the plane land . int . national airport - day 17 Harry and Sally be on a move sidwalk . * harry ( beat ) * you stay over ? sally yes . harry would you like to have dinner ? ( continued ) 17 27 continued : revise 8/17/88 Sally look at he a little suspiciously . 17 harry ( continue ) what ? just friend . sally I think you do not believe man and woman could be friend . harry when do I say that ? sally on the ride to New York . harry no . no. I remember . yes . that 's ow right . — they can not - be '' friend . <-> ( figure this it out ) +. unless both of they be involved with other people . then they can . this be a amendment to the earlier rule . if the two people be in relationship the pressure of possible involvement be lift . g this . over ) although that do not work either . because what happen be the person you be involved with do not understand why you need to be friend with the person you be friend with , like it must mean something 's miss from you relationship and you have to go cutside to get it , and when you say , no no , it 's not true , there 's nothing miss from we relationship , the person you be involved with accuse you of be secretly attract to the person you be just friend with , which you probably be , let 's face it , who the hell be we kid , which * bring we back to the original rule before the amendment , which be man and woman can not be friend , so where do that leave we ? sally Harry -- ( continued ) 17 continued : harry yes , Sally -- - sally Goodbye . harry okay . 28 revise 8/4/88 17 they look at each other . and shake hand . though they * have say goodbye , they be now in that awkward place of still go in the same direction . fade in : '' documentary footage harry I be go to stop walk for a minute and let you get ahead . after a beat : fade out . ' 18 another older couple sit on a loveseat , look at the camera . man we get marry 50 year ago . we be marry three year . we get a divorce . woman no one get divorced then unless you be miserable . not like now , you get a little upset , you get a divorce . man so then I marry marjorie . woman - but first you live with Barbara . man right . Barbara . but I do not marry Barbara . I marry marjorie . and then I get a divorce . my brother 's a lawyer , I get a rate . then I marry Katie . woman fhe shortest one of all . man less than a year . another divorce . so then I be single . I cramme in a lot of live , I get it out of my system . ( continued ) 18 19 20 29 continued : revise 6/3/88 woman 18 do not forget roberta . man . ( miserable to be remind of roberta ) roberta . woman and then we get marry again . man forty -five year to the day after we first marriage . woman but I never marry anybody in between . I wait . I know . fade out . fade in : ext , new york STREET - day 19 it's five year later Sally walk down the street to a restaurant like petaluma . she look even prettier now , she 's wear a loose blouse , full skirt , boot . ext . new york restaurant with view ~- day 20 * two woman , marie and alice , at a table for three . Marie be a dark -haire , dark eye beauty . Alice be cute and plump , a marry lady . Sally come in and sit down as the other finish give they drink order to the waiter . sally sorry I be late . ( to waiter ) here 's what I want . I want a campari and soda , but here 's how I want it . I want the campari in a glass with ice , and the soda on the side , but in a bottle . I do not want the soda in a glass , I want to mix it myself . ( continued ) ee they just buy a dining room 30 continued : revise 8/15/88 20 as Sally 's order : 20 marie so , I look through he pocket , okay ? : alice Marie , why do you look through he pocket ? Sally 's do with she order now . marie and you know what I find ? alice what ? marie table . he and he wife just go out and spend $ 1600 on a dining room table . alice where ? marie the point be not where , Alice . the point * be , he 's never go to leave she . alice so what else be new ? you have know this for two year . marie ( glumly ) you be right , you be right . I know you be right . alice why can not you find someone single ? when I be single , I know lot of nice , single man . there must be someone . Sally find someone . marie Sally get the last good one . sally ( matter-of -factly ) Joe and I break up . { continued ) 3 . continued : , revise 8/22/88 20 alice 20 what ? marie when ? sally Monday . : alice you wait three day to tell we ? * marie you mean Joe 's available ? * alice por God 's sake , Marie -- do not you have any feeling about this ? she 's obviously upset . sally I be not that upset . we have be - ose — — - — — — —- -- grow apart 's for quite a while : 70 tt T marie ( horrify ) but you be a couple . you be together . you have someone to go place with . you have a date on national holiday . sally I just say to myself , you deserve more than this , you be 31 year old «= marie / alice ( together ) -- and the clock be tick . sally the clock do not really start to tick ' till you be 36 . alice God . you be in such great shape . sally well , I have have a few day to get use to it and I feel okay . marie good . then you be ready . {continued ) have continued : revise 6/23/88 20 Marie take she rolodex out of she satchel and 20 start to look through it . alice ( aghast ) really , Marie . marie how else do you think you do it ? she flip through the rolodex and pull out a card . marie ( continue ) I have get the perfect guy - alice ( to Marie ) _ you go out with he -- marie be I have get someone . alice you have get someone someone else also have . - marie ( refer to the name on the card ) I do not happen to find he attractive , but you might . * ( to Alice , indi - cate Sally ) she do not have a problem with chin . sally Marie , I be not ready yet . marie I think you just say you be over he . sally I be over he . but I be ina mourn period . ( beat ) who be it ? marie Alex Anderson . ( continued ) continued : revise 8/23/88 sally 20 you fix I up with he six year ago . marie okay , okay . fpull another card ) Ken darman . sally he 's be marry for over a year . marie really . married . * Marie take Ken darman 's rolodex card and dog-ear a * corner of it and place it in a section at the back * of . the box . then she pull out another card . marie ee ( continue ) wait , wait , I get it , I get it -- sally look , there be no point in my go out with someone I might really like if I meet he at the right time but who right now have no chance of be anything to I but a transitional man . marie okay , okay . but do not wait too long . do you remember David Warsaw ? his wife leave he , and everyone say , give he some time , do not move in too fast , and six sally what be you say ? I should marry * someone right away in case he 's about to die ? alice at least you can say you be marry . marie I be say the right man for you might be out there right now and if you do not grab he , someone else ( more ) ( continued ) 20 21 34 continued : revise 8/15/88 marie ( cont 'd ) 20 will and you will have to spend the rest of you life know that someone else be marry to you husband . ext . shea stadium - day 21 a wave be in progress . it sweep around the stadium and pass by Harry and he friend , jess , sit in the second deck , surround by Met fan . it 's fall , they be both wear jeans and windbreaker . Harry be very despondent . jess when do this happen ? harry oe '' priddy , helen '' come home , she say , " I do not know if I want to be marry any more . " you know , like it 's the institution , like it 's nothing personal , like it 's just something she 's think about in a kind of casual way . I be calm . I say , why do not we think about it , take some time , do not rush into anything . * next day she say she 's think about it , she want a trial separation . she just want to try it , she say . we can still date , she say , like this be suppose to cushion the blow . I mean , I get marry so I could stop dating , so I do not see where '' we can still date " be a big incentive since as far as I be concerned the last thing you want to do be date you wife , who 's suppose to love you , which be what I be say to she when it cross my mind maybe she do not , so I say , " do not you love I anymore ? '' and you know what she say ? I do not know if I have ever love you . a wave come through the crowd and Harry and jess stand and wave they hand . ( continued ) 21 continued : revise 8/23/88 jess ooh , that 's harsh . they sit down . jess ( cont 'd ) you do not bounce back from that right away . harry thanks , jess . jess no , I be a writer , I know dialogue , that 's particularly harsh . harry -- and then she say , she just find out that somebody at she office be go to South America , she can sublet he apartment . I can not believe it . — -' I can not believe ... = this , " I say , and the doorbell ring . " " tt can sublet he apartment . '' * the word be still in the air , the word be still hang there like in a little balloon connect to she mouth . jess like a cartoon . * harry yeah . and I get to the door and the * mover be there . now I be * start to get suspicious , and I say , '' when do you call this mover ? " she 's not answer . I look at the mover and say , '' when do this lady book you for this gig ? " , and they be stand there , three huge guy , right , one of they be wear a teshirt that say , " do not fuck with mister Zero , " and I say , when do you make this arrangement , and she say , " a week ago , '' and I say , " you have know this for a whole week and you do not tell I ? " , and she say , * T do not want to ruin you birthday . " a second wave come through and Harry and jess stand and wave they hand . jess you be say mister Zero know you be get a divorce a week before you do ? ( continued ) continued : 21 harry mister Zero know . jess jeez . harry I have not tell you the bad part . jess what could be worse than mister Zero know ? harry it 's all a lie , she 's in love with another guy , some tax attorney . she move in with he . jess how do you find out ? ~ harry I follow she and I stand outside the building . jess Harry , that 's so humiliate . harry tell I . stand on the street , the ultimate schmuck . ( beat ) I know it would happen . the whole time I know even though we be happy , it be just a illusion and one day she would kick the shit out of I . jess marriage do not break up on account of infidelity , it 's just a symptom that something else be wrong . harry oh really ? well , that symptom be fuck my wife . another wave come through and they stand up . down . jess at least you get the apartment . Harry just look at he . jess what ? 36 revise 8/23/88 21 they sit cur to : 23 37 22 omit int . shakespeare & CO . - day 23 Sally and Marie stand in the bookstore in a section call personal Relationships . a shelf full of book . Marie be look at something like " smart woman , foolish choice . '' Sally be look at something like " safe sex in dangerous Times . " marie * so I just happen to see he american Express bill . sally what do you mean , you just happen to see it ? " marie well , he be shave , and there it be in he briefcase . sally what if he come out and see you look through he briefcase ? marie you be miss the point . I be tell you what I find . ( deat ) he spend $ 120 on a nightgown for he wife . ( beat ) I do not think he 's ever go to leave she . sally no one think he 's ever go to leave she . marie you be right , you be right . I know you be right . Marie look up for a moment for a new book , see something . marie someone be stare at you in personal growth . ( continued ) 23 continued : Sally glance over to the personal growth section . there 's Harry . sally I know he . you would like he . he 's marry . marie who be he ? sally Harry burn . he 's a political consultant . marie he 's cute . sally ~ ae you. think he 's cute ? marie how do you know he 's marry ? sally because the last time I see he he be get marry . marie when be that ? sally six year ago . marie so he might not be marry any more . sally also he 's obnoxious . marie this be just like in the movie , remember , like in the Lady vanish , where she say to he , you be the most obnoxious man I have ever meet -- sally ocorrect she ) e- the most hateful -- marie and then they fall madly in love . 38 23 * ( continued ) 39 continued : revise 8/17/88 23 . —- sally 23 also , he never remember I . harry Sally albright -- sally hi , Harry -- harry I think it be you . sally it be . this be Marie ... be Marie . * Marie be exite down the stair . she wave . Sally turn back to Harry . she shrug . sally harry oh , fine . how 's Joe ? sally Fine . I hear he 's fine . harry you be not with Joe anymore ? sally we just break up . harry oh , gee , that 's too bad . sally yeah , well , you know . yeah . ( beat ) what about you ? harry I be fine . sally how 's marry life ? ( continued ) continued : 23 40 revise 8/17/88 harry 23 not so good . I be get a divorce . sally I be sorry . I be really sorry . {beat ) when do this happen ? harry couple of week ago . sally that 's right when Joe and I break up . harry be not that amazing ? * sally - not-really . -- everybody - in New York — — — — ---— + -— -- break up this time of year . — harry maybe it 's the pressure of * Halloween . sally yeah . you never know what to go * as . what happen ? harry she leave I . she fall in love with * a tax attorney . sally a " sheldon . ° harry a sheldon ? ( remember ) oh , yeah , right , well , ira , actually , but it 's the same . sally I '' sorry , Harry . harry yeah . well . what be you go to do ? what happen with you guy ? CUT to : 41 revise 8/19/88 24 int . restaurant - day 24 Sally and Harry have coffee , or maybe a glass of wine . . sally when Joe and I start see each other , we want exactly the same thing , we want to live together — but we be not go to get marry because every time everyone we know get marry , it ruin they relationship , they practically never have sex again . it 's true , it 's one of the secret no one ever tell you . I would sit around with my girlfriend who have kid -- well , actually , my one girlfriend who have kid , Alice , and she would complain about how she and Gary never do it any more . she do not even complain about oc cen nm be now that I - think about it , she just ~ 0 say it matter - of - factly . they be up all night , they be both exhaust all the time , the kid just take every sexual impulse they have out of they , and Joe and I use to talk about it and say , we be so lucky , we have this wonderful relationship , we can have sex on the kitchen floor and not worry about the kid walk ~ in , we can fly off to Rome on a moment 's notice , and then one day I be take Alice 's little girl for the afternoon . I would promise to take she to the circus , and we * be in a cab play '' I spy " -- you know , I spy a lamppost , I spy a mailbox -- and she * look out the window and there be this man and this woman with two little kid , the man have one of the kid on he shoulder , and Alice 's little girl say , " I spy a family , '' and I start to cry . you know , I just start cry , and I go home , and I say , the thing be , Joe , we never do fly off to Rome on a moment 's notice . harry what about the kitchen floor ? ( continued ) 42 continued : revise 8/15/88 24 sally 24 not once . it 's this very cold and hard mexican ceramic tile . anyway , we talk about it for a long time , and I say , this be what I want , ' and he say , well , I do not , and I say , I guess it 's over and he leave , and the truth be I feel really fine . I be over he . I really be over he . that be it for he , that be the most he could give , and every time I think about it , I be more and more convinced I do the right thing . harry you sound really healthy . sally ( mot totally ) a ~---— -— yeah - some not ect no not een emnnennme cuT to : 25 ext . 77th STREET walk - dusk 25 Harry and Sally walk together . the sun be set . sally at least I get the apartment . harry . everyone say that to I , too . but what 's so hard about get a apartment ? you read the obituary , you find out who die , you go see the doorman . they should put the two section together , real estate and obituary * -- Mr. klein die today leave a wife , two child , and a spacious three - bedroom apartment with a wood -burn fireplace . Sally laugh . a nice moment . harry when we first meet , I really do not * like you that much -- sally I do not like you . {continued ) 43 continued : 25 harry 25 you do , too . you be just so up tight . now you be much softer . sally I hate that kind of remark . I just hate it , it look like a compli - ment , but really it 's a insult , you know ? harry okay , you be still as hard as nail . sally I just do not want to sleep with you , so you have to write it off to a character flaw instead of deal with the possibility that it might ... '' .-__~. have something to do with you . harry what 's the statute of limitation * on apology ? sally ten year . harry ooh . I can just get in under the wire . Sally smile , then after a beat , she make the smallest of move . sally would you like to have dinner with I sometime ? harry ( not know quite how to take this ) * be we become friend now ? ( continued ) 25 26 27 28 29 44 revise 8/15/88 continued : 25 sally well , I ... ( accept they new status ) I guess we could . harry a woman friend . this be amazing . * you may be the first attractive woman I have not want to sleep with in my entire life . sally ( slightly reject ) that 's wonderful , Harry . as they continue to walk along , we ... eee Tom es bade out dtt fade in : documentary footage 26 a series of quick cut of different older couple , each of they sit on a loveseat and look at the camera . first older couple man she be wear a white dress with little daisy on it -- second older couple 27 woman he have a borsalino hat -- third older couple 28 man a bright red coat with black button -- FOURTH older couple 29 woman a blue suit , he tell I after it be the first suit he get froma real tailor -- ( continued ) 30 31 oe hello_ — '' 32 continued : fifth older couple 30 man in she hair , she have a white flower , a camellia -- fade out . fade in : 31 a tight shot of one of that toy feel bird that somehow be able to miraculously keep dunking its beak into a glass of water . wider to reveal Harry be sit in he office stare blankly at this ornithological phenomenon . as Harry stare we hear the sound of a phone ringing . it be pick up by Sally . ' sally ( 0.s - ) harry ( 0.s. } you sleep ? sally ( 0.s. ) no , I be watch casablanca . '' harry ( 0.s. ) what channel ? sally ( 0.s. ) } eleven . harry ( 0.s. ) get it . as Harry continue to stare at the bird , we hear a few line of dialogue from casablanca : '' of all the gin joint , etc ... " as the casablanca dialogue continue , we harry apartment - day 32 Harry be try to hang a picture in what be a otherwise virtually empty apartment . he check the picure for placement against the wall . ( continued ) continued : revise 8/19/88 — 32 harry ( 0.s. ) 32 now , you be tell I you would be happier with Victor lazio than with humphrey bogart ? holding he finger on the spot he gently tap the nail into the wall . sally ( 0.s. ) when do I say that ? harry ( 0.s. ) when we drive to New York . sally ( 0.s. ) I never say that . I would never have say that . Harry give the nail one more tap , and a big chunk of plaster qome out '' of the wall : Harry survey it , - then ~~~ — — ~ decide to leave the picture against the wall on the floor . he walk away . cur to : 33 int . harry apartment - day 33 Harry be sit in he one chair , try to read a book . he have a thermometer in he mouth . he can not concentrate . he keep read the same paragraph over and over . finally , he flip to the last page and read . sally ( 0.s. ) : how have you be sleep ? * harry ( 0.s. ) not great . maybe I be come down * with something . last night I be up at four in the morning watch leave it to beaver in Spanish . : ( imitate ) Buenos dias , senora cleaver . donde esta wallace y Theodore ? ( as himself ) I be not well . cur to : 34 35 36 37 38 45 B throughout the follow , we see a series of shot show : Sally busily type in she office ; 34 Sally shopping in bloomingdale ; 35 Sally tap dance in a studio ; 36 Sally pick up grocery ; 37 Sally fix dinner , chopping . setting table , 38 '' be good to herself . " sally ( 0.s. ) I go to bed at 7:30 last night . I have not do that since the third grade . rarry ( 0.s. ) that 's the good thing about _.__ depression . you get you rest . 0 sally ( 0.s. ) I be not depressed . harry ( 0.s. ) oh , okay . fine. ooh , put on 23 . it 's the nude talk show . sally ( 0.s. ) how can you watch that ? harry ( 0.s. ) what ? you do not find it interesting watch naked people discuss * insider trading ? sally ( 0.s. ) I guess my scope be limited . espn . harry ( 0.s. ) I be there . sally ( 0.s. ) what 's the deal with arena football ? harry ( 0.s. ) what . it 's good . if it catch on there 's no tell where it could lead . Arena golf . Arena yachting . cuT to : 39 40 41 ext . movie theater revise 8/23/88 Harry and Sally waik out of a movie theater 39 and down the street . it be day . harry ( 0.s. ) do you still sieep on the same side of the bed ? sally ( 0.s. ) I die for a while , but now I be pretty much use the whole bed . harry ( 0.s. ) God , that 's great . I feel weird when just my leg wander over . T miss she . * cur to : int . chinese restaurant - night 40 Sally be go through a very detailed order session . the waiter be try to keep up . Harry just stare . . sally ( 0.s. ) I do not miss he . I really do not . harry ( 0.s. ) not even a little ? sally ( 0.s. ) you know what I miss ? I miss the idea of he . harry ( 0.s. ) - maybe I only miss the idea of . helen . . ( beat ) no , I miss the whole helen . cur to : ext . STREET ~ day 41 Harry and Sally be walk along . Sally spot a mailbox , stop , open she purse and pull out a stack of mail . she proceed to place the mail in the box , one letter at a time , check to see that each letter have safely enter the box . Harry stand impatiently wait . ( continued ) 46 continued : 41 sally ( 0.s. ) 41 I find this book that give you - some really good tip on how to - - enjoy be alone . harry ( 0.s. ) } like what ? sally ( 0.s. ) like never eat stand up . make a nice meal for yourself and sit at a table . harry ( 0.8 . ) sound good . as soon as I get a table that 's exactly what I ' 1ll do . Harry 's impatience with Sally 's letter mailing have -— -_.. - .— ~ .. get — the .. best of he : —- he impuisively grab the — — ~o remain letter in she hand , open the box , shove they in , then hustle she off . sally ( 0.s. ) last scene of casablanca . 42-47 omit 47 and now : revise 8/22/88 48 int . sally bedroom - night 48 Sally in bed on the phone watch casablanca on tv and talk to : 49 int . harry bedroom - night 49 Harry in bed on the phone watch casablanca . cut back and forth or use split screen . harry ingrid bergman . now ghe 's low maintenance . sally low maintenance ? harry tt ~~~. ' yeah there be two kind of woman : high maintenance and low maintenance . sally and ingrid bergman be low maintenance ? harry a l.m. definitely . sally which one be I ? harry : the worst one . you be high maintenance , but you think you be low maintenance . sally I do not see that . harry you do not see that ? ( mimick she ) " I will start with the house salad , but do not put the regular dress on it , I will have the balsamic vinegar and oil instead , but '' on the side " , and then the salmon with mustard * sauce , but I want the sauce " on the side '' . '' on the side " be like a very big thing * with you . ( continued ) 48 continued : revise 8/19/88 49 . 49 * _ sally well , I just want it the way I want it . harry right . High maintenance . Sally smile . bogart say , " louie , this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship . " harry ooh . best last line of a movie , ever . __._..__.-... a8 the movie end . — _ — — _- ee harry I be definitely come down with something . probably a 24 - hour tumor . they be go around . sally you do not have a tumor . harry how do you know ? * sally if you be so worried , go see a doctor . * harry no , he will tell I it 's nothing . * sally be you go to be able to sleep ? harry if not , I will be okay . ( continued ) 49 revise 6/22/88 49 49 continued : sally what ' 1ll you do ? harry I will stay up and moan . wait , let I practice now . he start moan . sally good night , Harry . harry good night , Sally . as he continue to moan , they hang up . fade out . fade in : 50 _ ext . lincoln CENTER - day . ao bo Harry and Sally walk past a Henry Moore sculpture . harry . I dream I be make love , and the Olympic judge be watch as usual . I nail the compulsory . so this be it . the final . I get a 9.8 from the canadian . I get a perfect 10 from the american . and my mother , dress as a East german , give I a '' .6 . you think there 's any meaning to that ? cur to : 51 ext . central park arbor - day 51 Harry and Sally in the park on a gorgeous fall day . they be share a big pretzel . sally basically it 's the same have since I be twelve . harry what happen ? sally it 's very embarrassing . harry do not tell I . sally okay . there 's this guy . barry what do he look like ? one I have ( continued ) sq04 revise 8/22/88 51 continued : 51 sally I do not know . he 's sort of faceless . harry a faceless guy . okay . then what happen ? sally he rip off my clothes . and then what ? sally that 's it . '' that 's it ? '' a faceless guy rip off you clothes . and that 's the sex fantasy you have be have since you be twelve ? exactly the same ? sally sometimes I vary it a little . harry which part of it do you vary ? sally what I be wear . 52 int . metropolitan museum - dusk '' 2 Harry and Sally be walk through the egyptian temple exhibit . harry ( in a funny voice ) * I have decide for the rest of the day we be go to talk like this . sally ( try to imitate he ) * like this . harry ( funny voice ) . repeat after I . ( continued ) 52 continued : sup revise 8/22/88 52 sally ( try to imitate he ) repeat after I . harry {funny voice ) May I have some pepper . sally ( try to imitate ) May I have some pepper . harry ( funny voice ) pepper . sally ( try to imitate ) pepper. oe . . oo harry ( funny voice ) pepper . sally ~ ( laugh , still try ) pepper . harry ( funny voice ) May I have some pepper on my paprikash . sally ntry to imitate ) May I have some pepper on my paprikash . harry ( funny voice ) I think I will have some tomato juice . sally ( imitate ) I think I will have some tomato juice . harry {funny voice ) do you want to go to a movie tonight ? sally ( imitate ) do you want to go to a movie tonight ? ( continued ) * 52 continued : '' oe revise 6/22/88 52 harry ( funny voice ) * no. answer the question . do you want to * go to a movie tonight ? sally ( in she regular voice ) * I would love to Harry , but I can not . harry ( still in funny voice ) * what do you have , a hot date ? sally as a matter of fact , I do . harry __._ fin he regular voice ) 0 ... '' really ? ( continued ) 51 revise 8/17/88 52 continued : 52 sally I be go to tell you , but ... 1 do not know . I feel strange about it . harry why ? sally I do not know , we have be so ... harry hey , it 's fine with I . we be friend . JI think it 's great you have a date . sally pn rr fy sle ee a ae harry sure . * harry ( lean in conspiratorily ) _ be that what you be wear ? . sally yeah . well . I do not know . why ? harry I think you should wear skirt more . you look good in skirt . sally I do ? harry yeah . sally you know , Harry , you should get out . there , too . ( continued ) wen revise 8/22/88 52 continued : s2 harry ( in the funny voice * again ) '' no , no , I be not ready . sally it 's time . harry ( funny voice ) .* no , I can not , I can not . sally you should . harry . {funny voice ) oo meme oe mn moron " maybe I ’willy 7 52 revise 8/17/88 53 int . harry apartment - day 53 Harry and Sally be unrol a new rug . harry it be the most uncomfortable night of my life . sally the first date back be always the toughest . harry you only have one date . how do you know it will not get worse ? sally how much worse can it get than finish dinner , have he reach _- -— - — over , ; - pull - a hair out of - my-head , ~ ~~~ a and start floss with it at the table ? harry you be talk dream date compare to my horror . , sally it 's gotta go this way . . harry it start out fine , she be a very * nice person , and we be just talk at this ethiopian restaurant she want to go to . I be make some joke like I do not know they have food in ethiopia . this will be a quick meal . we will order two empty plate and leave . nothing . not even a smile . so I downshift into small ( more ) ( continued ) 53 continued : 2en revise 8/22/88 53 harry ( cont 'd ) talk and I ask she where she go to * school and she say Michigan State and * it remind I of helen , and all of a * sudden I be in the middle of this massive anxiety attack , and my heart 's beat like a wild man , and I be sweat like a pig . sally helen go to Michigan State ? harry no . she go to Northwestern . but they be both Big ten school . ( beat ) I be so upset , I have to leave the restaurant . sally Harry , I think it take a long time . it might be month before we be actually able to enjoy go out with someone nev . harry yeah . sally and maybe even longer before we will be able to go to bed with someone new . harry well , I do go to bed with she . ( continued ) revise 6/23/88 $ 3 continued : 53 sally you go to bed with she ? ~ : harry yeah . sally oh. harry be this too green ? scene 54/55 omit _ 56 int . batting cage in queen - day : 56 and jess with bat in hand as the machine wait for they to put in quarter . jess I do not understand this relationship . * harry " what do you mean ? jess you enjoy be with she ? harry yes . jess you find she attractive ? harry yes . jess and you be not sleep with she ? ( continued ) 56 continued : revise 8/23/88 56 harry no. jess what be you afraid of ? you be afraid to let yourself be happy . * harry . c'mon . why can not you give I credit for this ? * this be a big step for I , jess , have a relationship with a woman that do not involve sex . I have never be able to do this . I feel like I be grow . two nine -year-old be wait to use the bat cage and be watch Harry and jess just stand there . nine -year-old # 1 be you finish bat ? ~- — — + — — — " barry - not ene I get a whole pocketful of quarter and I be here first , okay ? nine-year-old you be not . harry be too . * nine -year-old be not . * harry be too . Little creep . ( back to jess ) where be I ? jess you be grow . barry yes . it 's very freeing . I can say anything to she . jess be you say you can say thing to she you can not say to I ? : harry no , it 's just different . it 's a whole different perspective . I get a woman 's point of view on thing . she tell I about the man she go out with and I can talk to she about the woman I see . ( continued ) 56 continued : syss a 56 jess you tell she about other woman ? harry yeah . like the other night I make leve to a woman and it be so incredible , I take she to a place that be not human . she actually meow . jess you make a woman meow ? harry yes . that 's the point . I can say this thing to she . and the great thing be , I do not have to lie because I be not always think about how to get she _into_bed , I can just be myself ... .. _ __._ — jess you make a woman meow ? s6a 57 revise 8/23/88 ext . carnegie delicatessen - day * establish shot . int . carnegie delicatessen - day 57 Harry and Sally each about to eat large pastrami sandwich . sally so what do you do with this woman ? you just get up out of bed and leave ? harry sure . sally explain to I how you do it . what do you say ? ( take a bite of sandwich ) harry T have a early meeting or a early haireut or a early squash game . sally you do not play squash . harry they do not know that . they just meet I . sally that 's disgusting . harry ( take a bite of sandwich ) I know . I feel terrible . sally I be so glad I never get involved with you . I just would have end up be some lady you have to get out of bed and leave at three in the morning and go clean you andiron . and you do not even have a fireplace . ( quite irritate now} not that I would know this . ( continued ) Rev. 8/19/88 58 continued : ss? harry 87 why be you get so upset ? this be not about you . sally yes it be . you be a human affront to all woman . and I be a woman . harry look , I do not feel great about this , but I do not hear anyone com - plain . sally of course not . you be out the door too fast . harry oe e+ 1 think . they_ -have - an-okay time . -- - — - -- ee sally how do you know ? harry what do you mean , how do I know ? I know . sally because they ...? ( she make a gesture with she hand ) harry yeah , because they ... ( he make the same gesture back ) sally how do you know they be really ... ( she make the same gesture ) harry what be you say , they fake orgasm ? sally it 's possible . harry get out of here . sally why ? most woman , at one time or another , have fake ir . * ( continued ) 59 Rev. 8/19/88 Sally finish , take another bite of she sandwich . hold on Harry , in shock . oh God , oh God , oh yes , oh God , great , yes , I be come , oh - yes , yes , yes ! God , honey , honey , omiGod , honey , oh God oh God , oh God , God . thank you . who could not help but overhear Sally 's performance . older woman customer ( to a nearby waiter ) 57 57 continued : harry yeah , well , they have not fake it with I , okay ? sally how do you know ? barry because I know . sally oh right . I forget . you be a man . harry what 's that suppose to mean ? _ es -- - sally . - noch . it 's just that all man be sure it never happen to they and all woman at one time or another have do it . you do the math . harry you do not think I can tell the difference ? sally no. barry please . do not be ridiculous . Sally just stare at Harry . a seductive look come on she face . slowly she laugh into the beginning of what build to be a wild orgasm . sally oh , oh , oh. harry be you alright ? sally * * smile innocently . and the rest of the customer and the waiter oo fade in : revise 8/23/88 58 ext . 96 th STREET ~ XMAS tree stand - day 58 it 's Christmas in New York . Sally and Harry , bundle up against the cold , be stand at the Christmas tree stand on the corner , try to figure out which one to buy . Sally finally choose one and pay for it . she and Harry pick it up together , one hold the top and the other the bottom , and start to carry it to Sally 's . together . 58a int . sally kitchen - day s8a Sally have a pastry tube in she hand and she 's sit at a table write name on Christmas cookie with she friend , Alice , and Alice 's five - year - old daughter , amy . sally his name be Raymond Bradley . do not * even bother commite it to memory . '' alice I love hearing about horrible date . what happen ? sally - he have a air collection . ( to Amy ) let I have you hand . Amy put she hand out , as if she be go to be mani - cure , and Sally decorate she nail with icing . alice a air collection ? sally yeah . he collect air . he have all this mason jar that be label . they commemorate important date in history , like the march on Washington , and the day the Met win the World Series . alice he be at this event ? Sally have finish manicure Amy 's nail and start to write Harry 's name on a Christmas cookie . ( continued ) 58a continued : I revise 8/23/88 5 ba sally ( continue ) no . whenever something important happen he just go outside , open up the mason jar , scoops up some air , * cap it and label it . alice ( note Harry 's cookie ) I do not see why you do not get involved with you friend , Harry . sally because that 's just it . we be friend . alice but - if - you could — be - more . <-.?--— —- no core eae sally no ...he 's ... alice ( shrug ) he 's what ? sally he 's a mess . alice then why be you make a cookie for he ? sally he 's a nice mess . 60 evonm revise 8/22/88 scene s9 omit int . new year be eve party - night ~ 60 we know it 's New Year 's Eve because people be wear funny hat and there 's one of that mirrore thing hang from the ceiling and casting twinkle light on a fairly large crowd of reveler in a large room some - where in Manhattan . a band be play . Harry and Sally be dance . Harry * dip she . sally I really want to thank you for take I out tonight . forget it . and next year , if neither one of we be with somebody , you have get a date . ( continued ) 60 6 '' 64 continued : revise 8/15/88 sally 60 it 's a deal . they dance for a moment . he glance at Sally and for a split second we see the beginning of some - thing ... a inkling ... a little tender moment . harry do you want to get some air ? sally if you do . they cross out onto the deck . sally do you think the fact that we be _.... fxiends_is keep we from find _. _. _.... someone ? : harry yes . so I think we should stop be friend , go home right now , and make love . sally ( consider this seriously for a moment , then rejecting it ) you do not mean that . you know you do not . and now we hear 10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 happy New Year . everyone kiss . Harry and Sally kiss . it be very awkward , should it be platonic , should it be more ? they break . it be slightly uncomfortable . sally ( warmly ) happy New Year . harry ( also warm ) kappy New Year . fade out . 61 62 63 64 65 65 fade in : documentary footage 61 another series of quick cut of different older couple , each of they sit on a loveseat and look at the camera . older couple a woman a my mother want I to meet hin , she know he mother from church -- man a no , it be my brother who think of it -- older couple B 62 woman BU ee my brother say , there 's a new man at the office , he 's very tall -- older couple C 63 man C she be go out with my friend , Michael . he bring she to my sister 's wedding -- older couple a again 64 woman a so we be suppose to meet at he brother 's wedding -- man a my cousin 's wedding -- woman a but we do not because he brother do not marry that girl -- {to man a ) remember she ? the one from the telephone company ? older couple D 65 woman D my aunt tess call one night . she just rent the spare room to a nice young man , a dentist ... ( continued ) continued : revise 8/23/88 os 66 older couple E 66 man E I be go out with she sister , I like she sister all right , but then I see she -- 67 older couple a again 67 woman a so then one day we be all at the beach . man a Jones Beach . woman a rockaway Beach . and we meet . 68 ext . west broadway , near restaurant - early evening 68 Sally and she friend , Marie , walk down the street on they way to a restaurant . sally you send flower to yourself ? * marie sixty dollar I spend on this big stupid arrangement of flower , and I write a card that I plan to leave out on the front table where Arthur would just happen to see it -- sally what do the card say ? marie " please say yes . Love , Jonathan . " sally and do it work ? marie he do not even come over . he forget some charity thing he wife be chairman of . ( beat ) he 's never go to leave she . ( continued ) 6 B 69 continued : ext . west Harry and 67 revise 8/23/88 sally 68 of course he be not . marie you be right , you be right . I know you be right . ( beat ) where be this place ? sally somewhere in the next block . marie I can not believe I be do this . sally look , Harry be one of my best friend , * and you be one of my best friend , and if by some chance you two hit it off , we could all still be friend instead of drift apart the way you do when you get involved with someone who do not know you friend . marie you and I have not drift apart since I start see Arthur . sally if arthur ever leave he wife and I actually meet he , I be sure you and I would drift apart . marie he 's never go to leave she . sally of course he be not . marie you be right , you be right , I know you be right . broadway , near restaurant - night 69 he friend jess come down the street . ( continued ) 69 continued : gia revise 8/23/88 69 jess I hate myself for let you talk I into this . you know I have finally get to a place in my life where I be comfortable with the fact that it 's just I and my work . ( they walk on ) if she 's so great , why be not you take she out ? ( continued ) revise 8/23 /88 Si 69 continued : : 69 harry how many time do I have to tell you , * we be just friend . jess so you be say she 's not that attractive ? harry no , I tell you she be attractive . jess but you also say she have a good personality . harry she do have a good personality . * jess make a '' precisely my point " gesture . harry ( cont 'd ) cee ar ? - oe jess when someone 's not attractive , they be always describe as have a good personality . harry look . if you have ask I what she look like and I say , she have a good * personality , $ hat mean she 's not attractive . but just because I happen to mention she have a good personality , she could be either . she could be not attractive with a good personality , or attractive with a good personality . : jess so which one be she ? harry attractive . jess '' but not beautiful , right ? Harry glare at hin . 70 int . restaurant 70 Harry , jess , Sally and Marie at a table . a waiter have just bring they drink . - ( continued ) continued : . revise marie 's 70 oh really ? harry where be you from ? marie South Orange . harry haddenfield . : marie I have never be to haddenfield . harry it 's nice . marie I '' sure it 's great . " '' — phey all look at each other . '' Te they then they look at they menus . harry so what be we go to order ? sally I be go to start with the grill radicchio . harry jess , Sally be a great orderer . it 's not just that she always pick the best thing on the menu . she order it in such a way that it come out in a way the chef have no idea how good it could be . Sally shoot Harry a look . jess I think restaurant have become too important . marte I agree . " restaurant be to people in the eighties what theatre be to people in the sixty . " I read that in a magazine . jess I write it . 8/23/8845 70 ( continued ) 70 70a e continued : uo . revise 6/23/88 marie 70 you do ? jess nod . marie ( continue ) I never quote anything from a magazine in my life . that 's amazing . do not you think that 's amazing ? and you write it . everyone nod . a awkward pause . jess I also write , " pesto be the quiche _ of the eighties . " marie stop it . really ? I read it in the twa in - flight magazine . jess the ambassador . marie the issue with the picture of the two people at a table in a restaurant like this . jess very pristine . marie like a hospital . jess nobody 's ever quote I back to I . Harry and Sally look on as Marie and jess start to chatter . CUT to : ext . restaurant - night as Harry , Sally , jess and Marie come out of the restaurant . harry that be a great meal . I be stuff . you want to walk a little ? all three respond with , " sure , sure . " 71 704 ext . west broadway - night they start to walk up the avenue . all four of they in a tow , ad libbing about the meal and what a nice night it be . they walk past a shoe store , and Marie suddenly yank Sally over , ostensibly to look at the shoe . the two man keep walk . marie Sally -- sally do you like he ? ( continued ) 71 72 71 continued : revise 8/3/88 marie 71 Harry ? yeah , he 's nice . but ... how do you feel about jess ? sally he seem okay . I could not really get a sense of -- marie ( interrupt ) -- you think you would go out with he ? sally I - do not know . I mean -- marie -- because I feel very comfortable with he . a - you want to go out with jess . marie would it be okay with you ? sally sure . sure . I be just worried about Harry . he 's very sensitive , he 's go through a rough period , so do not , like , reject he , right now , you know ? marie oh no , I would not . I totally understand . ext . west broadway - night 72 * harry and jess apparently in the midst of a identical conversation . they be stop in front of a run equipment store . jess if you do not think you be go to call Marie , do you mind if I call she ? ( continued ) the continued : rev : 8-23-88 72 harry 72 well , no . no. . ( beat ) but for tonight you should not ... Sally 's very vulnerable . I mean , you can call Marie , it 's fine , ina week , you know , after a decent interval , but do not make any move tonight . jess Fine . no problem . no problem . I be not think about tonight . the woman join then . '' jess ( continue ) well . se a oes ee oe beat ) I do not feel like walk any more , I think I will get a cab . marie I will go with you . jess great . ( he leap into the street as he spot a cab ) taxi ! '' the cab screech to a halt and jess and Marie get into it and it pull away , leave Sally and Harry on the curb . . they look at each other . sally haagen daz ? * harry * frusen gladje . together Steve 's fade out 724 revise 8/23/88 fade in : 73 documentary footage 73 — couple a again woman a '' but he do not pay any attention to I that day . he be hang around e fancy - schmantzy girl name Rebecca draper , and I do not like he -- ( continued ) 73 74 73 continued : - revise 8/23/88 man a , 73 and I do not like she , and that 's the truth . woman a six month later , though , we meet again . at a Spanish Civil War rally . man a and the rest be history . fade out . fade in : int , the sharper image - day 74 0 ~ '' < one of that place with gift for people who have '' everything . Harry and Sally browsing through . there 's a remote- control blimp , 4 giant swiss Army knife , etc . sally we be never go to find anything here . we should have go to the plant store -- she pick up a pith helmet with a battery - operate fan in it , put it down in disgust . harry here . the perfect thing . everyone need one of this . he turn on one of that machine that allow you to sing the lead to the backup vocal and instrumental on a song . Harry put in one of the cassettes there . immediately the instrumental for the Surrey with the pringe on top come on . Harry start sing giddily . harry chick and duck and geese better scurry , when I take you out in the surrey , when J take you out in the surrey , with the fringe on top . watch * that fringe and see how it flutter . he 's really carry away , go on sing . ( continued ) 74 continued : revise 8/22/88 74 and now Sally join in sing too , as the absurd 74 and dizzy instrumental continue . harry and sally when I drive they high steppin’ strutter . nosey poke ' 11 peek through they shutter and they eye will pop ! they sing along , and they both get more and more idiotic . suddenly Harry turn pale and stop sing . Sally continue on for a moment and then notice some - thing 's wrong . sally the wheel 's be yeller , the upholstery ' 's brown , the dash board 's gen-u- ine leather ... the backup music continue as she stop , too . sally sr ee on what the-matter ? — it *s-my-voice , be not ~~ ~~ ~~ it . you hate my voice . I have a terrible voice , I know . Joe hate it . every time I would sing something , he would say , please do not sing . harry it 's helen . sally what ? harry it 's helen . she 's right there . come * right at I . the backup vocal continue , as we see come toward Harry a dark - haire , very chic woman . helen , accompany by a tall , attractive man , ira . helen how be you , Harry ? harry Fine , fine . ( he swallow ) helen this be ira Stone . Harry . burn . harry iza . they shake hand . it 's very awkward . Harry suddenly remember Sally . harry Sally albright , this be Sally albright . helen hillson and ira . ( continued ) 75 continued : revise 8/22/88 74 74 sally hi. helen ~ Nice to meet you . a terrible moment . Harry about to faint . helen well , see you . harry yeah . bye , ira . a smile , and they move on . hold on Harry , about to faint . sally you okay ? I be perfect . — Harry look like one of that cartoon character who 's be strike on the head with a mallet . harry she look weird , she look very weird , do not you think she look weird ? sally I have never see she before . harry trust I , she look weird . her leg look heavier , too . do not you think ? she 's retain water . sally Harry . harry what ? the woman save everything . scene 75 omit 76 ext . plant shop - day Sally be pay for a plant . Harry be just stare blankly into a ficus . Sally approach . sally - you sure you be okay ? ( continued ) 76 76 continued : revise 8 / ° /88 76 harry 76 I be fine . it have to happen at some point . ina city of eight million ~ people you be bound to run into you ' former wife . so it happen . and now I be fine . scene 77 omit harry I mean it be like a catharsis . I look death in the face and shook its hand . and now I feel great . I really feel okay . — ~ — — — — 7 - 8 — - ent :- jess°-and marie' apartment - day 7 ~ 78 hk nice West side floor - through with a beautiful fireplace and a great deal of furniture -- about twice as much furniture as be necessary as a matter of fact . Marie and jess in sneaker , jeans , baggy shirt , be clearly in the middle of some sort of dispute as Harry set down the plant . Sally ooh and aah about the apartment , the paint job , etc . Harry be still distract . there be a few unpack box -- some book , a couple of ashtray , a glass , etc . jess it work for I . it say home to I . it work . marie - {to jess ) okay , okay , we will let Harry and Sally be the judge . {to Sally and Harry ) what do you think of it ? Marie point to a large wagon wheel that 's be make into a coffee table with a round plate glass over it . Harry look at jess , who 's glaring at he . harry it 's nice . jess ( continued ) case close 77 continued : 78 jess smile , victorious . 78 marie . of course he think it 's nice . he 's a guy . Sally ? Sally crinkle up she nose . marie ( to jess ) see ? jess what be so awful about it ? marie it 's so awful that there be no way to begin to explain what be so a " awful about ity 0 ttt mmr ee jess I do not object to any of you thing -- marie look , if we have a extra room , you could put it in there with all you thing include you bar stool and I would never have to see it - jess ( stricken ) you do not like my bar stool . Marie look at he . of course she do not like he bar stool . jess turn to Harry for help . Harry , we now see , have sit down in a lone chair by the window and he 's stare out like a forlorn figure in a magritte painting . jess Harry ? ( beat ) someone have to be on my side . no response from Harry . marie I be on you side . I be just try to help you have good taste . ( continued ) 78 revise @/23 /8€& continued : 7s jess I have good taste . marie tvecvone in the world tlink they '' ave a sense of humor mo good ttasts : bet they do not all o« Harry stand up , look around the room . . harry you start out like this -- ( he wave he we ee and at the -— — we ee toom ) vie start out like ths , helen and tt. we have blank wall . we hang shing . we look at match . and to you know what happew ? six year - ater you wind up sing + hg " Surrey with che feisge on top " in font of ira . sally tagcrty , I know you be upet , but do we rave to talk about ths right now ? harry what 's wrong with rightnow ? it 's a perfect time to talk mout this . I just want they to see . ( he 's become more and more upset ) I just want they to seethe reality of what this iead to . everything 's fine , everbody 's in love , everybody 's happy -- and before you know it , you be scrmming at each uthuz about who ow the stereo . ( he pick up a crack ashtray ) some day yos will be fight over this dish . ( more ) : ( continue : 78 79 continued : ' : revise 8/23/88 harry ( cont 'd ) 78 ( shouting now ) iomean it . I mean it . name in you book . now , while you be unpack they , before they get all mix up together and you can not remember whose be whose . because someday , believe it or not , you be go to be fight over who 's go to get this coffee table , this . stupid wagon wheel coffee table . jess I think you like it . harry ( still shouting ) _. J be be nice . Harry slam out the door . Sally look at jess and Marie . sally he just bump into helen . Sally go out the door , leave jess and Marie . marie I want you to know that I will never want * that wagon wheel coffee table . * ext . jess and marie' apartment - day — 79 Harry pace in front of the stoop . Sally come down the step . harry I know , I know . I should not have do that . sally Harry , you have to find a way of not express every feel you have every moment you have they . harry oh , really ? ( continued ) 80 continued : Rev. 8/19/88 sally 79 yes . there be time and place for thing . harry well , when you be give you next lecture series in social grace , let I know . I will sign up . sally you do not have to get angry about it . harry I think I be entitle to * a little anger when I be be tell how to live my life by miss Hospital corner . oo ~ a sally you be about to cross the line Harry . * harry so what ? be that the end of the world ? cross the line ? you know what you problem be ? you stand too far behind the line . I do not even think you can see the line from where you be stand . sally what be that suppose to mean ? harry T mean nothing bother you . you never get upset about anything . sally do not be ridiculous . harry what ? you never get upset about Joe . I never see it back up on you . how be that possible ? do not you experience any feeling of loss ? sally I have experience my * loss . I have have my mourn period . I be do with it . ( continued ) ' 79 Sally storm back out into the street . she down the street . continued : Sally storm back into the building . harry what mourn period ? one hour Rev. 8/19/88 79 in bloomingdale 's . you buy a pocketbook and heartbreak fly right out the window . sally I do not have to take this from you . harry Harry follow . if you be so over Joe , why have not you be see anyone ? sally I see people . harry see people ? let I ask you some have you sleep with one person 's you break up with Joe ? sally what the hell do that have to with anything ? that will prove over Joe ? because I fuck somebo Harry , you be gonna have to move to New Jersey because you have sle Harry follow thing . ince do I be dy ? back pt with everybody in New York , and I do not see that turn helen into a faint memory for you .. besides , I will make love to someone when it 's make love , not the way you do it , like you be out for revenge or something . harry be you finish now ? sally yes. harry then can I ask you something ? : sally yes. harry do snap turtles really snap ? be there a sudibie snap ? do ynannp ? or ( continued ) 81 82 revise 8/19/88 79 continued : 79 sally * Harry . t ; Sally make a lock she lip motion . she then throw away the imaginary key . Harry comply with she instruc - tion . he then silently point back to jess and maries 's indicate '' should we go back inside " . Sally nod . as they walk back into the house , Harry start to speak , Sally make the lock gesture again . again , Harry comply . they walk back up the step and into the house . fade out . 80 int . jess and marie' apartment - night 80 it 's all furnish now , very comfortable , not lavish . ~ ~~~-— a- courderpy couch , lot of book and record , a couple of quilt hang over the back of chair . no wagon wheel coffee table . a game of win , lose or draw be in progress . Sally 's team consist of Harry , Alice and jess . emily , Harry 's date , be snuggle up against he . Alice 's husband , gary , Marie and julian , Sally 's date , be part of the other team . ( continued ) 83 revise 8/4/88 80 continued : 80 Sally be feverishly draw what be suppose to be * @ baby . jess it 's a monkey . it 's a monkey . monkey see , monkey do . Sally shake " no " and keep draw . jess a ape ? go ape . alice it 's a baby . Sally nod yes and write the word '' baby '' on the paper . she continue to draw what look like a big mouth . jess Planet of the ape . harry Planet of the ape ? she already say it 's a baby . how about planet of the dope . jess well , it do not look like a baby . julian thirty second . Sally now have draw what look like arrow on line come out of the mouth . ( continued ) 84 80 continued : 80 harry and alice . ( overlap ) Big mouth , baby mouth , big baby - mouth , martha raye as a baby . baby tooth , baby spittle , spit on a baby , baby burp . burp the baby . jess baby ape . harry will you forget ape . it 's not a ape . jess baby fish , baby fish mouth . ~~ Barry shoot jess—a-iook : —- — — -— - — — " - se julian ten second . alice crying baby , feed the baby , baby food . harry the baby 's cry because it 's wet and need to be change , it 's a unhappy baby , it 's a ... julian that 's it . time 's up . sally baby talk . jess baby talk ? what 's that ? that 's not a say . harry oh , like baby fish mouth , that 's a say . gary final score . we team , one ten ; you guy , sixty . ( continued ) 80 4 84 a continued : 80 julian that be a lot of fun . ( to Sally ) i. think you do great , hon . . marie anybody for coffee ? ad lib " yes 's " . sally I will help you . Sally and Marie head towards the kitchen . jess it never look like a baby to I . eee — emily ee . - . where 's the bathroom ? marie down the hall , to the right . Emily give Harry a kiss as she head away . Sally notice this . as Julian , Alice and Gary recap the game , harry jess , you be go to show I the cover art for you new book . jess yeah . it 's in the de . as they go off . *81 int . kitchen b81 * *82 Sally and Marie go about get the coffee ready . sally Emily 's a little young for Harry , do not you think ? cur to : int . den g 2 * karry do Julian seem a little stuffy to you ? cur to : b4b . revise 8/23/88 83 int . kitchen 83 marie she 's young , but look at what she 's do . sally what have she do ? she make dessert . CUT to : 84 int . den 84 jess he 's a good guy . you should talk to he , get to know he . harry _ he 's too tall to talk to . | CUT to : 85 int . kitchen 85 marie it 's not just dessert . she make 3,500 chocolate mousse pie a week . * sally Emily be aunt Emily ? cur to : 86 h z el den 86 jess he take we to a Met game last week , it be great . harry . you all go to a Met game ? : jess yeah , it be a last minute thing . rarry but Sally hate baseball . CUT to : hae *87 int . kitchen _ 87 * sally Harry do not even like sweet . marie Julian 's great . ' sally I know . he 's a grownup . I have never be with a grownup . cut to : * 87a int . den 87a * jess Emily seem terrific . harry ae yeah : ~ of course , when I ask - she er I where she be when Kennedy be shot , she say , " Ted Kennedy be shot ? " 89 89a b9b 89c 89d 89e 90 85 - 7 " revise 8/19/88 scene 88 omit * int . harry bedroom - night 89 Harry in bed read , try not to look at the last page , but finally he can not help himself . as he flip to the last page , the phone ring . he reach for the phone and answer it . harry hello . sally voice ( through filter ) be you alone ? _ ooo . -- harry 2 wee yeah . I be just finish a book . intercut the following sally could you come over ? 89 a * harry what 's the matter ? @9 b sally he 's get marry . 89 c harry Julian ? 89d sally no. joe. 89e int . hallway outside sally apartment - night 90 Harry come out of the elevator in a hurry , ring Sally 's bell . Sally open the door . she 's wear sweat pants and a sweat shirt . she look terrible . a big red nose . she start to cry . sally come on in . * Harry put he arm around she . sally ( through tear ) I be sorry to call you so late -- ( continued ) 90 91 '' '' int . sally bedroom - night 89 revise 8/19/88 continued : 90 harry it 's okay . she go on sobbing . Harry hold she . Sally pull back and give a huge wheeze . sally I need a kleenex . Sally start into the apartment . sally he just call I up . just want to see how you be . Fine , how be you ? Fine ... '91 Sally enter the room , go for the kleenex , blow she nose , then sit on the bed . Harry sit next to she . sally his secretary 's on vacation , every - thing 's back up , he 's get a big case in Newark , blah blah blah , I be sit on the phone think , I be over he , I be really over he , I can not believe I be ever remotely interested in any of this , and then he say , I have some news .. Sally start to cry again . sally ( continue ) she work in he office . she 's a paralegal . her name be kimberiy . * - she 's suppose to * be he transitional person , she 's not suppose to be the one . {beat ) all this time I have be say he do not want to get marry . ( deat ) the truth be he do not want to get marry to I . he do not love I . ( continued ) 90 revise 8/22/88 91 continued : $ 1 harry if you could have he back right now , would you take he back ? sally no . but why do not he want to marry I ? why do not he love I ? what 's the matter with I ? harry nothing . : sally I be difficult . harry you be challenging . sally I be too structure . I be completely close off . harry yeah , but in a good way . sally no , no . I drive he away . crying even harder now . sally and I be go to be forty . harry when ? sally some day . harry in eight year . sally but it 's there , it 's just sit there like a big dead end . it 's not the same for man . Charlie chaplin have baby when he be 73 . * harry yeah , but he be too old to pick they up . ( more ) ( continued ) 91 92 91 continued : revise 8/22/88 harry ( cont 'd ) 91 ( she smile a little ) c'mere , c'mere , c'mere . ( he give she a hug ) it 's go to be all right . you will be okay . . sally I be make a mess on you sweater . harry that 's all right . it be not one of my favorite anyway . Harry hold she . he give she a kiss , start to break the hug . harry ( cont 'd ) I will make you some tea . sally Harry , could you hold I a little — — —--— -- foenger ? oe I ne eee ~ ee harry sure . Harry hold she . after a beat , Sally look up at he , almost search for something , finally she kiss he . a hungry , needy kiss . Harry be catch slightly off guard , but return the kiss . as they begin to passion - ately make love ... dissolve to : int . sally bedroom - later 92 they have make love . both of they lie in bed , Sally be in Harry 's arm . Sally have a smile on she face . Harry stare straight ahead . sally you comfortable ? Harry nod . harry hmmm -n . after a pause . sally do you want something to drink * or something ? harry no , no , that 's okay . sally ( get up ) well , I be go to get up for some , * water , so it 's no trouble . ( continued ) - 92 93 94 95 96 continued : revise 8/23/88 '~ harry 92 okay . Water . * int . kitchen - night 93 Sally at the sink , run some water into two glass with ice . hold on she face , a little smile break through . int . bedroom - night 94 Harry lie in Sally 's bed , still stare straight ahead . in the room be a stuff animal of some sort , maybe Sally 's old teddy bear , a pink quilt . hold on he face , petrify . ~~ ~ " ~~ - ae oe int . hallway - night 95 as Sally come back from the kitchen with ice water and into : int . bedroom - night 96 be sit up in bed , with the light on , look through a box of index card . Sally get into bed next to he . harry ( look up from the box ) you know , you can know someone & long time , but until you go to bed with they you do not really know they have all they videotape alphabetize and on index card . Sally hand he the water . harry ( continue ) thanks - a silence while Harry desultorily go through the box . unbelievably awkward . ( continued ) 96 continued : 93 revise 8/22,/88 96 every SOUND be louder than it actually be . the riffle of the index card . Sally take a gulp of water . Harry rearranging he pillow . sally do you want to watch something ? harry no , no . not unless you do . - sally no , that 's okay . a pause . sally ( continue ) so , do you want to go to sleep ? 77 mom mmm '' barry to ~ ot sure . 's they turn out the light . hold on they lie there . , sally be you comfortable ? harry sure . sally ( apologetically ) it 's a very hard mattress . harry I like hard mattress . * sally do you want to turn off the light ? harry sure . Harry flip off the light . * sally goodnight , Harry . harry goodnight , Sally . Harry close he eye . ( continued ) 96 37 98 94 revise 8/22/88 continued : 96 Sally 's be open . hold on she . she close they . * Harry 's open . * and hold on they lie there . . * dissolve to : int . bedroom - the middle of the night 97 Sally fast asleep . Harry wide awake , stare at the digital clock which say 4:06 a.m . dissolve to : int . bedroom - almost dawn 98 Sally in bed asleep . ~ the clock now say 5:59 a.m. it click to 6 a.m . Sally wake up . see the other half of the bed , empty . where 's Harry ? she turn over and see he , get dress . sally where be you go ? harry I gotta go . Sally stare at he . ( continued ) 98 99 99 . revise 8/23./88 / " continued : 98 harry ( continue ) I have to go home and change from yesterday 's clothes into today 's clothes and then I have to go to work and so do you and after work I would like to take you out to dinner if you be free . be you free ? sally yes . harry Fine . I '11 call you later . sally Fine . Harry give she a little kiss , walk out . hold on she in bed as the door slam . next to she be the phone . int . jess and marie' bedroom - morning . 93 a bed with two phone on either side . jess and Marie asleep in bed . the phone on Marie 's side of the bed start to ring . Marie and jess both wake up . look at the clock . they can not believe how early it be . it ring again . jess ( accusingly ) your . Marie pick up the phone , pull the phone onto the bed . marie 99 hello . : sally ( through filter ) I be sorry to call so early -- marie be you all right ? ( continued ) revise 8/23./88 ' 99 99 continued : ln ae sally I do something terrible . jess no one I know would call at this hour . marie what do you do ? the phone ring on jess ' side of the bed . 99 / 100 / 101 / jess ( continue ; answer he phone ) no one I know would call at this hour . sally it 's so awful . wee = harry - 2 . jess , I think the depth of we friendship ... * sally it 's so awful . harry --. imply a call - at - any -hour policy . * split screen now , so that we can see Marie and 99 / jess in they bed on they phone , talk to 100 / saliy in she apartment at the far right , and Harry 10 ) on a pay phone in the street at the far leave . sally Harry come over last night ... jess what 's the matter ? barry I go over to Sally 's last night ... jess . ... because I be upset that Joe be getring marry ... harry «+. and one thing lead to another ... sally . and he be comforting I and before I know it we be kissing ... and then ... ( she shake she head in horror , remember ) ( continued ) . revise 6 / 23/86 , 99 / continued : . 99 / 100 / 100 / 101 harry 101 . to make a long story * short ... sally ' harry we do it . we do it . jess marie ( whisper to Marie ) ( whisper to jess ) they do it . they do it . marie {back to Sally ) that 's great , Sally . ~ jess {back to Harry ) we have be praying for it . marie you should have do it in the first place . jess for four month we have be say , if only they would do it . marie you belong together . jess it would be like kill two bird with one stone . marie it 's like two wrong make a right . jess that 's great . jess marie how be it ? how be it ? harry the during part be good ... sally I think it be good ... ( continued ) , revise 8/23/88 99 / continued : 99 / 100 / harry 100 / 101 ..- but after , I start feel . 101 suffocate . sally - »ebut then I guess it be not . jess Jesus , I be sorry . marie the worst . harry I just want to get out of there . : sally it be like he just disappear . harry I feel terrible . sally I be so embarrassed . jess you should feel terrible . marie that 's horrible . harry I think I be come down with something . sally I think I be catch a cold . jess . look , it would have be great if it work , but it do not . marie you should never go to bed with anyone ... harry tell I about it . marie . when you have just find out you last boyfriend be get marry . jess now you have a really cosmic mess on you hand . rarry I know if I call you you would make I feel better marie it 's al istake . 's always a mistake ( continued ) rs ee . . revise 6 / 23/88 '' 99 / '' 99 / continued : 100 / harry 100 101 who 's that talk ? 101 jess —_ who ? . sally be that jess on the phone ? jess oh , it 's Jane fonda on the vcr . marie it 's Bryant gumbel . jess marie do you want to come over . do you want to come over for breakfast ? : ~ for breakfast ? : Marie and jess look at each other , horrify ... 2 ... - _ ' harry I be really not up to it . sally I feel too awful . jess marie _ good. good . marie I mean , it 's so early . jess look , call I later if you want '' to talk . . marie I will call you later , okay ? everyone hang up . Sally and Harry vanish from the side of the screen . 102 hold on Marie and jess. 102 Marie look at jess . 's ( continued ) ueoKk revise 8/22/88 102 continued : 102 marie god. jess I know . ; marie 103 104 105 tell I I will never have to be out there again . jess put he arm around she and hold she . jess you will never have to be out there again . int . sally bathroom - day 103 _ Sally look at herself in the mirror as she put on makeup . sally ( v.0 . ) I will just say we make a mistake -- int . harry bathroom - day 104 Harry be shower in he own shower . harry ( v.0 . ) Sally , it be a mistake -- int . sally bathroom - day 105 as before . sally ( v.0 . ) I just hope I get to say if first . 102 . - 103. 104 105 98/978 revise 8/11/88 continued : 10 marie god. jess I know . marie tell I I will never have to be out there again . jess put he arm around she and hold she . jess you will never have to be out there again . int . sally bathroom - day _.. .....-..0.22 203 - a Sally look at herself in the mirror as she put on makeup .. sally ( v.0 . ) I will just say we make a mistake -- int . harry bathroom ~- day 104 Harry be shower in he own shower . harry ( v.o. ) Sally , it be a mistake -- int . sally bathroom - day 105 as before . sally ( v.0 . ) I just hope I get to say if first . 106 107 int . harry bathroom - day Harry still shower . harry ( v.0 . ) I hope she say it before I do . int . restaurant - night 99 Rev. 8/19/88 106 107 as the waiter bring Harry and Sally drink . both of they take a gulp . sally it be a mistake . harry I be so relieved you think so , too . _ . both of they take swig of they water . __ harry ( continue ) I be not say last night be not a physically pleasurable sexuai experience . sally it be . harry yes , it be . sally we never should have do it . harry I could not agree more . Sally nod . a pause . sally I be so relieved . e + eh eee the re 107 108 . 100 Rev. 8/19/88 continued : harry 107 I , too . Harry nodd . Sally nodd . well that 's that . the waiter bring they salad . they start to eat . they eat . silence . . we hear the fork against the plate ... — — _.- . - - lome more silence . harry ocontinue ) it 's so nice when you can sit with someone and not have to talk . it * just show how really comfortable you be . * hold on the scene as they go on eat in silence . hold . bold . fade out . fade in : documentary footage 108 another older couple on a loveseat . woman what happen be I go to the movie . a matinee of " it happen one night . " and just az the scene where claudette Colbert hike up she skirt to get a ride , the projector break . if that pro- jjector do not break right then , I would never have be on the 3:13 ( more ) ( continued ) 108 109 continued : 101 revise 8/3/88 woman ( cont 'd ) 108 trolley head home , which I be , and who should sit next to I but my friend Louise . she say to I , let 's go get a ice cream soda at walgreen 's . we always go to walgreen 's . so we get there , we sit down at the counter and I say , let I have a black and white , that 's a chocolate soda with vanilla ice cream , and you know what the guy say to I ? we be out of vanilla ice cream . how can you be out of vanilla ice cream ? so Louise say , order something else , but my heart be set on a black and white . so we go over to armstrong - shroeder , where you should know I never go in my whole life before or since . so there we be , drink my black and white , when '' ~~ who should walk in but my brother 's friend stanley , who 's just buy a new car . a deusenberg , he tell I , come to the street and see it . so there I be , look at the car , when who should come up but this handsome man -- ( indicate the older man beside she ) -- who say , '' that 's a beauty , what kind be it ? " a deusenberg , I tell hin . ( beat ) so if it be not for a break projector , I would be sit here talk to you alone . man I be just walk down the street . ext . central park - bethesda fountain - day 109 * Harry and jess fast - walk along . harry it 's just like , most of the time you go to bed with someone and then she tell you all she storey and then you tell she all you storey , but with Sally and I we would already hear each other 's storey so once we go to bed we do not know what we be suppose to do , you know ? ( continued ) 102 continued : 109 jess 109 sure , Harry . harry * I do not know , you get to a certain ' point in a relationship where maybe it 's just too late to have sex , you know ? it 's sort of like incest . CUT to : 110 int . department store dressing room '- day 110 we can see Marie in she underclothes , Sally in a chair . sally be Harry bring Emily to the - wedding ? -— — - - — ee - a marie they break up . : sally be he see anyone ? marie he be see this anthropologist . sally what do she look like ? marie thin . pretty . Big tit . you basic nightmare . so what do you think ? * Marie be try on a very traditional white wedding * dress with a train and a veil . sally oh , Marie . marie tell I the truth . sally it 's just beautiful . marie you do not think it 's silly , I mean , white -- ( continued ) 103 revise 8/3/88 110 continued : : 110 sally . it 's beautiful . it 's so beautiful . Sally 's eye start to well with tear . sally ( continue ; wiping she eye ) it 's just so beautiful . fade in : 111 int . puck bldg . - the wedding - afternoon lll . * the wedding . a winter wedding with pine bough and holly . Marie in she wedding dress with a gorgeous bouquet of flower , come through the door of a small banquet __ room with she father and Sally , who 's the may of honor . a chamber music quartet be play something by mozart as they all come down the aisle to a judge who 's stand - ing at the head of the aisle next to jess and Harry , he best man . Harry look at Sally as she come down the aisle . Sally look at he for a moment , look away . 112 int . puck bldg . - wedding reception , entrance 112 * and kitchen - afternoon a band be play . Sally be talk to a older couple , who excuse they - selve , and as they do we see Harry approach she . harry hi. sally hello . harry Nice ceremony . sally beautiful . Sally be clearly uncomfortable . she 's go to behave like someone who simply be not go to get involved or even pretend interest in the conversation . ( continued ) 112 continued : harry Boy , the holiday be rough . every year I just try to get from the day before Thanksgiving to the day after New Year 's . Sally nod . sally a lot of suicide . Harry nod . Sally nod . a waiter come up with a tray of hor d'oeuvre . waiter would you like a pea pod with shrimp ? ee " ~ sally . ( with all the warmth she have not . be show Harry ) thank you . . she take one . harry how ' have you be ? sally Fine . a pause . harry how 's everything with Julian ? Sally look at he . sally Harry -- ' harry what ? sally ( cut he off ) I do not want to talk about this . harry okay . . . ( beat ) be it because of what happen ? ( continued ) 112 104 105 continued : revise 8/19/88 112 sally . 112 I do not want to talk about it . harry why can not we get past this ? I mean , be we gonna carry this thing around forever . sally forever ? it just happen . harry it happen three week ago . Sally look at he disbelievingly . '' like seven year to a dog . harry ( continue ) you know how a year to a person be sally yes . Harry throw up he hand as if it 's self - explanatory . sally ( continue ) be one of we suppose to be a dog in this scenario ? harry yeah . sally who be the dog ? * harry you be . sally iam ? I be the dog ? harry yes . sally I be the dog ? people be start to notice the intensity of the conversation . Sally be really furious now . she start toward a large screen that 's a few foot from the end of the room , think they can get some privacy if she get behind it . ( continued ) 112 dvo continued : revise 8/22/88 sally 112 I do not see that , Harry . if anyone 's a dog , you be the dog . to you this be something that just happen and you think you can say great , it happen , now let 's get on with it , we will go back to the way it be , like what happen do not mean anything -- they reach the screen , but there 's no get behind it -- there be fold chair and the bass player 's bass case and the drummer 's drum suitcase , etc . Sally reverse and start toward a door out of the room . Harry follow . harry I be not say it do not mean anything , I be just say why doe a — dit -have to mean everything ? see sally because it do , and you should know that better than anyone because the minute it happen you walk right out the door . * harry I do not walk out , I ... sally no , sprint be more like it . harry but we both agree it be a mistake -- sally the worst mistake I ever make -- they go through the door Sally be head for and now * they be in the kitchen . waiter be bang by with trays , dump glass into the sink , open champagne etc . Harry and Sally shouting now over the din . . harry it 's always the same , it 's always the same . the minute you make love with someone the expectation start . ( continued ) 112 113 107 : revise 8/19/88 continued : 112 sally first of all , I be not '' someone . " - * second of all , I do not expect anything from you , okay ? * harry bullshit . you expect I to know how to behave with you now -- sally you do not have to behave any way with I now , okay ? -- harry Fine , fine , but let 's get one thing straight . I do not go over there * ww — ..__. -‘that_night_to_make love to you . oe that 's not why I go there . but what be I suppose to do ? you look * at I with that big weepy eye . " do not go home tonight , Harry , hold I a little longer , Harry . " sally what be you say ? you take pity on I ? fuck you . Sally slap Harry across the face : then burst out of the kitchen with a stunne Harry right behind she . int . puck bldg . - wedding reception - day 113 the entire wedding party be assemble around the band - stand . the band be playing some kind of musical riff that signal that attention must be pay . Sally come to a stop . Harry be just behind she . there 's a crowd of guest assemble in a knot with jess and Marie , they arm around each other , stand there with they champagne glass . jess be in front of the microphone . : ( continued ) 113 108 revise 8/23/88 continued : 113 jess I want to propose a toast to Harry and Sally . the entire crowd turn toward the two of they . jess of Harry and Sally . if Marie or I have find either of they remotely attractive we would not be here today . everyone laugh and raise they glass to Harry and Sally . Marie take she wedding bouquet and lob it into the air straight at Sally . for a moment we think that Sally be not go to make a move for it , she 's just go to let it land on the floor . '' gut at the last moment she reach out and catch it . 114 115 hold on she . music here . christmas in new york 114 everywhere you look , twinkly light and happy child and people carry home big present and Santa clause ringing bell on the street corner . ext . 96 th STREET - XMAS tree stand - day 115 Sally , in jeans and a plaid jacket , have just buy she Christmas tree , and the salesman have finish put plastic netting around it . Sally start to carry the tree . it 's very heavy , the top of it be drag slightly behind she and she 's leave a little trail of pine needle behind she as she start home , but she 's go to carry this damn tree home alone if it kill she . as we watch she carry the tree home , we hear a beep on Sally 's machine . harry voice ( over ) hi , it 's I . it 's the holiday season , this do not happen to be my holiday , but I think I might remind you that this be a season of forgive - ness and charity , so if you feel like call I back , it would make I a very happy person . * * ( more ) cur to : 116 117 118 119 109 revise 8/19/88 sally apartment - day 116 Sally listen to she machine as she put away gro - ceries . harry voice ( continue ) * hello , if you be there , please pick up the phone . I really want to talk to you . int . harry apartment - day 117 Harry be pace around he live room , phone in hand . harry ( cont 'd ) * ( beat ; beat ) I will take this as a sign you be . 8 not home . or else you be home with that cretin you have be dating . and if he 's there with you how , please understand when I say cretin , I mean it in the best possible sense of the word . int . sally apartment - day 118 Sally , not pick up . harry voice ( cont 'd ) * you there ? no. okay . well , call I back . beep . hold on a still upset Sally . curt to : ext . STREET - hot dog stand - day 119 Harry and jess be stop at a hot dog stand . harry obviously she do not want to talk to I . what , do I have to be hit over the head ? if she want to call I , she will call I . I be through make a schmuck out of myself . cuut to : oa 120 omit revise 8/22/88 121 int . harry apartment - day 121 Harry sing on the phone . the back - up music machine be go . harry . if you be feel sad and lonely there 's a service I can render , tell the one who love you only I can be so warm and tender , 122 int . sally apartment - day 122 Sally enter carry shopping bag . harry ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) call I , do not be afraid you can call I . 123 int . harry apartment - day 123 harry '' ( sing into the phone ) maybe it 's late , but just call I , call I and I will be around . 124 int . sally apartment - day 124 harry ( 0.s. ) give I a call . beep . Sally just stare . finally she pick up the phone . * sally hi Harry . * and cut back and forth : harry hey , hi . I do not think you be * go to ... hi ... what be you do ? sally I be just on my way out . * harry where be you go ? * CuT to : 111 - page 111 deleted page 112 deleted aoe revise 8/22/88 124 continued : sally what do you want , Harry ? ~ harry nothing . I just call to say ... what be you do for New Year 's ? be you go to the Tyler 's party ? no response . harry do you have a date ? ' Cause I do not have a date and if you do not have a date , we always say if neither of we have a date on New Year 's ... sally Barry , I can not do this any more . I so =+ == ~ - gm not you consolation prize . Goodbye , - Harry - she hang up . scene 12s omit — scene 126 omit revise 8/23/88 ( 3 124 revise 8/23/88 " y 127 ext . time square - night 127 a tight shot of dick clark . we pull back to reveal . '' 428 int . harry apartment - night 128 be lie in bed eat pistachio nut , watch Dick Clark on television . harry ( v.0 . ) what 's so bad about this ? you have Dick * Clark , that 's tradition , you have malomar , the great cookie of all time , and you be * about to give the knick they first championship since 1973 . * Harry aim a wad piece of paper , & whiffleball , at a basketball hoop over the door to he bedroom . '' he miss . he look back at the television set . his mind drift and we push in on he face and now we see : New Year 's Eve . a year earlier . Harry and Sally be dance . Harry dip Sally . Sally be laugh . and we hear she voice . sally ( v.0 . ) De you think the fact that we be friend be keep we from find someone ? harry ( v.0 . ) yes . so I think we should stop be friend , go home right now , and make love . sally ( v.0o . ) you do not mean that . you know you do not mean that . 130 133 bow revise 8/23/88 scene 129 omit int . harry bedroom - niget 130 Harry , think about what just go through he mind . harry Air . Air would be good right * now . int . new year be eve party - night 131 a great big New Year 's Eve party , just like the one we be at a year earlier . the mirrore ball be twirling . twinkle light on everyone 's face . Sally dance with @ tall man . he dip she . she 's * appal . upright agein , she catch Marie 's eye as the tall man swoops she about the floor . Marie be dance with jess . sally I doe not know why I let you drag I to this . and she 's dip again . . ( continued ) 132 __it . we hear : _ lib continued : revise 8/23/88 ext . downtown STREET - niget 132 Harry walk down the street past shop window . harry ( v.0 . ) * this be good , this be good . New Year 's resolution # 1 , I gotta do this more often . window shopping . all the fun and none of * the expense . * 2 he pass & couple . the woman be laugh . push in on harry face . we see : Harry and Sally in the Temple of dendur . pepper . pepper . pepper . pepper . Sally be laugh . over harry ( v.0 . ) I think you should wear skirt more . you look good in skirt . sally ( v.0 . ) I do ? harry ( v.0 . ) yeah . scene 133 omit 134 135 136 eee revise 6/23/88 ext , downtown STREET ~ night 134 Harry , more agitate by he thought . he walk into a ice cream store . int . new year be eve party - night 135 Sally be laugh merrily at a joke some man have just tell she . Marie pass she by . selly turn she face quickly toward Marie , she face quickly pass from happiness to anguish . : sally ( mouth the word ) I be go home . _.o. marie ~ you will never get a taxi . ~ mee Sally turn back to the man who tell the joke , the * smile replaster onto she face . cur to : ext , WASHINGTON square - night Harry be walk along the same place he be drop off by Sally eleven year ago . he have a ice cream cone . barry ( v.0 . ) } this be a good move . it 's ten degree out and the wind chill factor in my mouth be a million below , and I be eat ice cream . a wise choice . he dump the ice cream in a trash can . he stop and look up at the arch . and we see the scene in Washington Square eleven year ago . Harry and Sally be say goodbye . they shake hand awkwardly . sally ( v.0 . ) well , I guess we be not go to be friend then . too bad . you be the only person I know in New York . ( deat ) have a nice life . scene 137 omit page 117a omit 138 139 139e 139b 139 '' 139d 118 revise 8/22/88 ext . WASHINGTON square - night 138 Barry back in reality . think about what just happen in he mind . he feel the cold and turn he collar up , then start walk slowly away from the arch . we stay with Harry as he pace start to quicken and finally end with he run down the street . int . new year be eve party - night 139 it 's almost midnight . balloon , confetti , the mirrore ball spin slowly around . the excitement in the room build as we approach midnight . we see Sally with a group of friend , include jess and Marie . — ~~~ sally — ogoing for she coat ) I be go . marie it 's almost midnight . sally I can not stand the think of not kissing somebody . jess Big deal . i'11 kiss you . * sally thanks jess . but I have to go . 's ext . STREET - night 139a Harry be still run , look for a cab . he can not find one . he keep run . int . party - night 139 b Sally at the closet , put on she coat . ext . STREET - night 139 '' Harry run down the street . int . party - night 139d Sally be kissing jess and Marie goodbye . marie wait two minute . ( continued ) 119 139d continued : 139d sally I will cail you tomorrow . she turn to go . she stop dead in she track . it 's Harry . slowly he come towards she , and stop in front of she . harry I have be do a lot of think . and the thing be , I love you . * sally : what ? * harry seo . - - TI love youe - — -— -- - ~---- - as of sally how do you expect I to respond to this ? harry how about you love I , too ? * sally how about , I be leave . * Sally turn and walk off , parting the crowd . Harry follow she like a terrier . rarry do not what I say mean anything to you ? during the follow , we hear the countdown to the New Year , after which everyone break into '' happy New Year " , confetti fly , everyone be kissing and break into auld lang syne . sally what be it suppose to mean ? I be . sorry , Harry . I know it 's New Year 's Eve and I know you be feel lonely , but you can not just show up here and tell I you love I and expect that to make it all right . I mean , what be I suppose to say ? great , Harry , you love I , that settles every - thing , now we can waltz off into the sunset together ? it do not work this way . ( continued ) revise 8/23/88 139d . continued : 139d . harry well , how do it work ? sally I do not know , but not this way . beat . harry how about this way . I love how you get cold when it 's 62 degree out . I love the way you mouth turn down just a little bit , right there . I love how it take you a hour and a half to order a sandwich . I even love when you use my sweater for a kleenex . I love it that after spend the day with you I can still smell you perfume on my clothes . I love how you be the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night . it take I eleven year to figure this out . and I come here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of you life with someone , you want the rest * of you life to start as soon as possible . eee ee ee the eet + ( continued ) i2zi 139d continued : 139d * sally ( furious ) see , that 's just like you , Harry . you say thing like that , and you make it impossible for I to hate ou == y {almost in tear ) and I hate you . I hate you , Harry , I hate you . she start to cry . Harry put he arm around she . they kiss . a long kiss . the twinkle ball go around , twinkle . '' they go on kissing . auld lang syne continue in the background . harry my whole life I have never know what this song mean . sally I know exactly what you mean . harry I mean , should old acquaintance be forget . do that mean we should forget old acquaintance , or do it mean if we do happen to forget they , we should remember they , which be not possible because we forget they -- sally maybe you be just suppose to remember you forget they , or something -- anyway , it 's about old friend . they start to kiss again . and as the camera pull up away from they . harry ( v.0 . ) the first time we meet we hate each other . ( continued ) coge os 139d 122 sally ( v.0 . ) 139d * you do not hate I , I hate you . ( beat ) the second time we meet he do not even remember I . harry ( v.0 . ) I do too , I remember you . ( a long beat ) the third time we meet we become friend . sally ( v.0 . ) we be friend for a long time . harry ( v.0 . ) and then we be not . " sally ( V - 0 . ) . and then we fall in love . 140 a couple on a loveseat 140 Harry and Sally together . look at the camera . harry two month later we get marry . sally it be a beautiful wedding . earry yeah . we have this incredible coconut cake -- . sally with a very rich chocolate sauce on harry yeah , you know , because everybody do not like sauce right on top of they cake -- and as they continue on , we -- fade out . the end