fight belle by aimee parrott & Antonio gangemi registered wgaw no. 1160416 fade in : ext . macintosh estate - savannah , georgia -- day wedding guest in hoop skirt and morning suit roam about . int . macintosh estate - upstair hallway -- day ten bridesmaids clad in fuchsia primp and gossip . a flower girl frolic amidst balloon . int . macintosh estate - delilah' bedroom -- day the room of the consummate beauty pageant contestant . ina white hoop skirt stand belle of the ball delilah macintosh , early 20 . tending to the bride be : mother mirabelle , a domineer matriarch ; bridesmay charlene , delilah 's older , heavier sister ; and bridesmay marney , fetching and shallow . delilah I can not believe my weddin ' day be finally here . in a hour , I will be marry to the man o' my dream . somebody pinch I . charlene pinch she , hard . delilah ow ! I mean , figuratively . charlene I pinch you figure , do not I ? delilah ( pirouettes ) how do I look ? marney like you crap diamond . mirabelle marney . I do not appreciate such language in my house . marney sorry , Mrs. M. it just sort of ... ( eye delilah in mirror ) sly out . delilah hold ... then burst into giggle . mirabelle ( stamp she shoe ) enough of that ! this be you wedding day for heaven 's sake . not some tawdry night in a cheap motel . charlene , do not you sister look beautiful ? charlene ( admit defeat ) yes , momma . she crouch to adjust delilah 's skirt . marney I feel like a whale in this thing , just wait to be harpoon . charlene tell I about it . mirabelle ( pat marney 's arm ) you be not a whale , honey . she brushes past charlene , who redden . delilah it 's only for a few hour . then y'all can get naked , hop on a usher , and jump in the pool . mirabelle they will do no such thing . delilah I be just teasin ' , momma . try and relax . you be makin ' I nervous . mirabelle a bride be suppose to be nervous on she wedding day . charlene like it 's a law or something ? mirabelle it be a law . you family come bear gift . do not you want to make a good impression on they ? marney how many candle holder you figure you will get ? mirabelle delilah enough to start my own cathedral . marney I will tell you what I would want ... a naloni bucintoro watch . that 's right . delilah be not you forgettin ' something ' ? marney what ? delilah you husband , the guy you would be marryin' . be not the gift s' pose to be for both of you ? marney oh please . how much enjoyment be he gonna get out of a china bowl , or a crystal flute sit in a cabinet ? so he might as well be not enjoy something that make I happy . mirabelle we have a philosopher among we . any idea when you big day will come ? marney I kick trent to the curb two month ago , so it probably will not be in the next few week . give marney a look of disdain . delilah serve he right for what he do . charlene what would he do ? marney make a pass at my mother . I be still surprised she tell I . delilah should have set the bastard on fire after something ' like that . charlene that 's not the answer . live well 's the best revenge . delilah oh ? be that what you do after Howard ? charlene narrow she eye at delilah and march out . mirabelle that be a bit below the corset , do not you think ? delilah I be sorry , momma . after today , she will have two week to get over it . ( to marney ) " fore I lose another bridesmay , you mind takin ' one o' the program down to kelvin ? marney sure . get a little humid in here . she meander to the bureau . ogle the program . marney oh no . do he have to pose ? insert program delilah stand next to she bridegroom . he put up he duke . int . macintosh estate - guest room -- day the bridegroom shadowbox in front of a mirror . kelvin wingfield , 30 , the body of a flyweight , the ego of a heavyweight . a pencil moustache outline he upper lip . kelvin you want some o' this ? huh ? you want some o' this , bitch ? cuz I know you can not handle some o' this . the best man , 20 , trade barb with three usher : buck , chuck and tuck . they all swig longneck beer . best man kick that chump 's ass , kel . the usher laugh . a knock on the door . kelvin beer . finish them . now . the groomsman guzzle , toss bottle in the trash . kelvin fix he hair in the mirror . kelvin come in . marney sashays in . marney delilah want I to give you this . kelvin what be it ? marney the program . can you get with it ? kelvin bring it here . let I see it . he motion to he entourage to leave . marney stomp over . best man shut the door on he way out . kelvin I do not get a chance to see it . ( admire he picture ) what do you think of it ? marney pretty weak if you ask I . kelvin weak ? there 's a word I do not like . especially from someone so ... eye - grab . marney please . I feel like orca come out of the closet in this thing . kelvin ( chuckle ) no , I mean it . marney you be a good liar . I can tell . kelvin I be a fighter , marney . I can not stand for lie and I can not stand for weakness . I pride myself on my strength . ( puff out chest ) my agility . ( gyrate like a chippendale dancer ) and my ability to ... move thing . ( press he junk against she ) marney let out a little squeak . they lock lip , grope at each other like teenager in a back seat . kelvin spin marney around , lift up she skirt . kelvin this hoop skirt be a great idea . surprise there even be a war . int . macintosh estate - delilah' bedroom -- day delilah 's alone , admire she engagement ring . flower girl ( 0.s. ) let go ! boy' voice ( 0.s. ) Big baby ! flower girl ( 0.s. ) stop it ! I be tell ! delilah scoot into the upstair hallway just as flower girl slap the ring bearer , the seed of chucky but a smidgen taller , in the face . delilah hey ! stop it you two ! Ring bearer slap flower girl back , knock she down . she immediately cry . delilah shame on you ! do not you ever do that again ! Ring bearer fart with he mouth at delilah and scram . delilah come back here , you ! do not you ever hit a lady ! you hear I ?! she stoops to flower girl , whose face be puffy pink . delilah hey , sweetie . it 's alright . wanna come with I ? come on , let 's go . she help she up , escort she into delilah' bedroom on the way in , delilah swipe a hairbrush and a tissue off she bureau . she direct flower girl to a small platform that stand before a ornate full - length mirror . delilah we be gonna fix you up , good as new . ( hand tissue ) here you go , sweetie . flower girl wipe she eye . delilah stand behind she , brush she hair . delilah wanna know somethin' ? flower girl ( sniffle ) what ? she look up at delilah 's reflection . delilah I be not ever see a prettier flower girl in my entire life . you know that ? ' deed , it 's true . look at this hair . Bet it drive all the boy wild . they be just not sure why yet . wait until it get long . you will have to beat them off with a curlin ' iron . there . all better . now , wanna come see I get marry ? ext . macintosh estate - backyard - wedding tent -- day the guest chat boisterously on row of fold chair , separate by a aisle of manicure grass . a brass quintet occupy the final row . tuba try not to screw it up this time . french horn blow it out you arse . CENTER stage the minister , 5as , emerge in a gray suit and red bow tie . smile at the large gather . kelvin appear , look a bit dishevel , button he jacket . the quintet play prelude music . kelvin how 's it go ? minister good . thank you for ask . feeling a bit nervous ? kelvin no , actually . I be quite relaxed . minister splendid . the procession begin . Buck escort mirabelle and kelvin be mom , 5as , a museum of silicone and collagen , to they seat in the front row . best man follow , arm in arm with the maid of honor , charlene . he wave like he 's just arrive on oscar night . Chuck and tuck strut down the aisle . chuck you and Jezebel think of get marry ? tuck her name 's jesselyn , jackass . chuck jesselyn jackass . I like it . the bridesmaid , include a rumple marney , parade in pair . behind they , the Ring bearer , look sweaty and confuse . and then , the flower girl . she freckle the aisle with magnolia petal . Ring bearer turn and give she a dirty look . she proudly produce she tongue for he . a pregnant pause . anticipation build amongst the guest . the quintet strike up mendelssohn 's wedding MARCH . delilah appear with she father , SAMUEL , 5as , silver hair and a downward smile , a keeper of many secret . the bride carry a bouquet of pink magnolias . they proceed down the aisle . flashbulb and smile light up the tent . kelvin steal a look at marney , who blushes . chuck ( whisper ) think they do it ? best man course they do , look at she . she 's as pink as a baboon 's ass . the Minister turn to the best man , shocked . best man sorry , you honor . kelvin sneer at mirabelle and charlene , both look bloat and uncomfortable as they fan themselves . delilah and Samuel arrive at the altar . minister who give this woman in marriage ? SAMUEL I do . Samuel kiss delilah 's cheek , put she hand in kelvin' . he take a seat next to mirabelle . minister dearly belove , we be gather together here in the sight of God to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony . if any man - or woman - can show just cause , why they may not lawfully be join together , let he - or she - now speak or forever hold they peace . marney have a coughing fit . a murmur ripple through the crowd . delilah scowl at she . chuck be she gag on something ? best man but he 's stand all the way over here . buck shut up . kelvin and delilah face each other . minister kelvin , will thou have this woman as thy wedd wife , to live together after God 's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony ? wilt thou love she , comfort she , honor , and keep she in sickness and in health ; and , forsake all other , keep thee only unto she , so long as ye both shall live ? kelvin I ... be do some think . gasp from the crowd nearly bring down the tent . usher woop . delilah what ? 10 . kelvin look ... delilah 's eye bug as kelvin search for the right word . kelvin I be a fighter , delilah . I can not stand for lie and I can not stand for weakness . I pride myself on -- delilah what in God 's name be you talkin ' about ? kelvin I think I get a few more good round in I . and I just do not think I be ready to hang up my belt . capeesh ? delilah I will show you capeesh . she swing at he with she leave . kelvin slip she punch . a right from delilah . he slip it again . she wind up and deliver a roundhouse leave . kelvin slip she punch for a third time , only this time , delilah trip on she train and collapse . she clonks she head on the stage . guest my God ! be she alright ?! mirabelle faint . delilah 's out like a light . the Minister stoops down to assist . he peer up at kelvin but he 's go . the bridegroom leave with he entourage . best man another tko from the k -man . the guest stand with they mouth agape . some shout : " where be you go ? " and " you forget you bride . " Children boo . later mirabelle hold smell salt under delilah 's nose . delilah ( open she eye ) yeckh , what be that ? get that thing away from I . mirabelle a little gratitude would be nice . I have never do this before . 11 . delilah sit up . nearly everyone have leave . it begin to sink in : the wedding that never be . charlene and marney sit in the first row look despondent . Samuel approach delilah , kneel down next to she . SAMUEL be you alright , honeybee ? let I help you up . mirabelle leave she be ! she need to do it herself . Samuel back off . delilah ( slowly stand ) what happen ? mirabelle you mean you do not remember ? he leave you . the one wear the tuxedo . delilah thanks , momma . that help . SAMUEL I think delilah could do without the snide remark right now . mirabelle what do you know about it ? do you know what go into put on this wedding day ?! SAMUEL I think I do . I pay for it . mirabelle that 's just marvelous . and what do I invest ? nothing at all , right ?! only the fancy wedding invitation , and the registry , and that godforsake rehearsal dinner -- SAMUEL I just think -- mirabelle that god-awful program , and the fitting , and the million alteration on that bloody hoop skirt , and the guest list , and the thank you card -- SAMUEL do not you think -- 12 . mirabelle and the photographer , and the videographer , and the caterer , and the minister , and the florist , and the band , and that fat slob chauffeur brother of yours , and a five thousand dollar cake that nobody eat ! SAMUEL yes , but , this be not delilah 's fault . mirabelle huff and storm off . Samuel watch she leave . he take a seat , dizzy and disconcert . delilah turn to she sister and marney . delilah this be not really happenin ' , right ? marney I be sorry , honey . a hint of a smile appear on charlene 's face . she look away , try to hide it . delilah be something ' funny ? charlene no . delilah then why be you smilin ' ? charlene nothing . it 's nothing . delilah I bet I look pretty funny , huh ? " when beauty Queen wedding go wrong . " right ? Fox be gonna be all over my ass now . Real funny , charlene . charlene can not hold it any longer . she burst out laugh . charlene I be sorry , delilah . ( scamper away ) delilah some family . Samuel give she a pain look . delilah sit next to marney . 13. delilah this be so humiliatin' . there be not no comin ' back from something ' like this . marney you will , sweetie . might not feel like it now , but ... you will see . the sun will come up tomorrow , right ? be not that what the 1i'l orphan girl say ? delilah I just wanna beat he senseless . marney you could do that . but that will just get you throw in jail for assault " n battery . it 's not worth it . delilah how could he do that to I ? marney honey , man like kelvin be a dime a baker 's dozen . crying over somebody like that , well ... that 's just foolish if you ask I . you can do better . delilah spy the wedding cake in the corner of the tent . marney I swear to you ... delilah charge at the cake like a belle out of hell . she flail at it , stir up a whirlwind of icing . delilah ( mock kelvin ) you be doin ' some thinkin' , huh ?! you could not think up a brain fart ! I will give you something ' to think about ! strawberry mousse splatter all over she hoop skirt as she punch away . Samuel bury he head in he hand . delilah snatch the figurine of kelvin atop the cake and fling it into the tree . delilah smallest pecker I have ever see ! marney raise she eyebrow , confuse by the comment . delilah look down at herself , thoroughly cover in cake . perhaps a moment of clarity . then , shamelessly , she lick herself . 14 . mirabelle and charlene pop back into the tent . they get a eyeful of delilah go to town on the cake . her indulgence verge on pornography . mirabelle ( aghast ) oh my word . charlene ( salivate ) oh my word . int . macintosh estate - delilah' bedroom -- day remnant of a wedding cake and dress decorate the floor . delilah lie dormant on she bed , face first into she pillow . the alarm clock go off : the sound of a box fight Bell . delilah reach she hand out and shut it off . super : one week later delilah , still in bed . one -gallon bucket of ice cream have be hollow out . they sit sadly on the floor by the bed . her phone ring , delilah reach for it . delilah hello . bridesmaid ( v.o. ) delilah ? it 's I , cassandra . how're you hold up ? delilah I be fine . a empty pint of ice cream fall off the end of the bed . a silver spoon rattles on the floor . bridesmaid ( v.o. ) listen ... I be not gonna be able to make it to that picnic on Sunday ... delilah but we have be plannin ' that for a month . bridesmaid ( v.0o . ) I know , but ... something just come up , and uhh ... I be sorry , but I can not . delilah oh . what come up ? 15 . bridesmaid ( v.o. ) umm ... I be just not comfortable talk about it . delilah okay . bye ... ( hang up ) super : one week later delilah , still in bed . pizza box have join the empty ice cream container on the floor . one box , half - eat , sit squarely on delilah 's wedding dress . her alarm clock go off . delilah fling it across the room . she return she face to the pillow and shut she eye . slowly , she eye open again . they focus ona framed picture of kelvin box in the ring . delilah pick it up and study it . a epiphany . delilah assault and battery , my hot ass . from under she bed , she pull out the yellow page . int . macintosh estate - kitchen -- day delilah saunter in . her hair a tangle , greasy mess . mirabelle and charlene eat breakfast at the table . delilah mornin ' . how y'all doin ' ? charlene we be okay . how be you ? delilah ( stroll to counter ) I feel rejuvenate . ' deed , I do . there 's a renaissance goin ' on in my pajamas as we speak . charlene okaaay . she turn to she mother like delilah might be nut . mirabelle delilah , I do not raise you to talk like that . delilah pour herself a glass of orange juice . delilah you know something ' , momma ? you be ab-so-lute -ly right . you teach I to speak proper , act like a lady , drow all my sorrow in iced tea , and take action when the need call for it . and you know what ? that 's exactly what I be gonna do . mirabelle what be you talk about , for heaven 's sake ? delilah ( downs she juice ) y'all be lookin ' at the first female boxer in all the macintosh family . mirabelle explode with laughter . charlene look at she mother terrify . delilah that 's right . you laugh . but I be tellin ' you right now ... I be gonna box my way up the rank and beat the bejesus outta he skinny - little ass . give 'im a taste of humiliation he will not soon forget . charlene you be say you be gonna box kelvin . delilah that 's exactly what I be sayin ' , 0 sister o' mine . charlene that 's insane . he would kill you . delilah that 's where you be wrong , my sweet 1 i'l dumplin ' . Hell hath no fury like a beauty queen scorn . you just remember that . ext . tandy' boxing gym -- day delilah park she pink 1970 Mini Cooper in the lot . wear a fuchsia sweat suit and match makeup . int . tandy' boxing gym -- day 16 . the thumping of heavy bag , the staccato hammer of speed bag . a few weight bench sit in a far corner . 17 . in a 18 ' x 18 ' ring , female boxer slice , 30 and lean with reddish hair , spar with a opponent . ringside be tandy burrow . she 's 30 , buff with a harsh Boston accent , she glinty eye have see more than they share . tandy Christ , slice , keep you chin down ! delilah flit in carry she fuchsia purse . unsure where to go , she approach tandy . delilah Excuse I . where do I -- tandy can not you fuckin ' see I be busy ? delilah oh , I be ... sorry . tandy go pahk you ass ova there . delilah amble to the opposite side of the ring . many of the gym-goer give she the once -over . two of they snigger as they toss a medicine ball back and forth . in the ring , slice be throttle by two leave hook . delilah look on as slice retaliate , hammer she opponent . tandy take it easy , you be lose you shit ! slice do not seem to hear , or care . throw a rabbit punch . tandy time ! she enter the ring livid , stomp straight over to slice . tandy what do I tell you about keep you cool ? slice I be not piss off . tandy bull-shit . you lose it . I already tell you . if you get mad , you get crazy , and if you get crazy , you be gonna end up in a hospital . I be not have that here . this be not about emotion . it 's about heart . you better learn the difference . 18 . one more hard look through slice and tandy exit the ring . a look of concern sweep over delilah 's face . tandy if you be look for the mall , you head straight down fahm , then -- delilah I be aware where the mall be , thank you . tandy whaddya want , then ? delilah be this you gym ? tandy better fuckin ' believe it . delilah my name 's delilah macintosh . it 's nice to meet you . she put out she hand , come up empty . tandy you run for office ? delilah nope . I be campaignin ' to be a boxer . tandy good God no . int . tandy' boxing gym - office -- day on the wall , a tribute to the female boxer . tandy sit with she foot up behind a desk , squeezing a tennis ball in each hand . delilah fill out a application on a clipboard . delilah I never get you name . tandy tandy . so what bring a girl like you to box ? delilah well ... I be a graduate of norton beauty College . I have get my manicurist license , as well as my cosmetology license . ( more ) 19 . delilah I win the miss Georgia beauty pageant two year ago . and um , this year , I be the magnolia princess . tandy so ... what bring a girl like you to box ? delilah oh . I want to change career path . uh huh . I mean , beauty 's only skin deep , right ? that 's what they always say . ' N who know , maybe they be right . workin ' in a office be just not my thing . I would die if I have to sit in a cube all day , would not you ? tandy look dizzy , rub the confusion from she eye . tandy you marry ? delilah cover she engagement ring . delilah no. still single . tandy well , delilah , I gotta warn you . box 's a far cry from do the friggin ' catwalk . ya follow I ? it can get pretty brutal out there . delilah dangit ! a eyelash get in my eye . just a sec . slyly , she slip off she engagement ring , drop it into she pocketbook , and take out she compact . delilah lately , my eyelash seem to have a mind o' they own . I dunno what 's goin ' on with they . tandy yeah , I can see how that might be hard . she smirk at delilah as she fish for a eyelash . 20 . delilah ( close she compact ) miss tandy . I do not wanna inconvenience you , truly I do not . but I do know that if I be gonna box , I be sure as hellfire gonna need someone to train I . tandy amen to that . delilah so if it 's not too much trouble ... you think you might be up for it ? tandy why I ? delilah why you ? tandy yeah , why would you pick I ? delilah well um ... I hear you be the best , so ... why would I settle for something ' less ? tandy raise a eyebrow . delilah be my hair a mess ? I be sorry . it be real windy on the way in here . tandy delilah , you resume 's pretty damn impressive , I will give you that . but I do not see how beauty pageant and a manicure license qualify you as a boxer . box 's about discipline . not how pretty you look . I think you should stick with what you be good at . you be just not cut out for something like this . delilah you know what ? that 's where you be wrong . you have any idea what it take to win a beauty pageant ? do you ? a million mile on the treadmill , all the food you can not eat , can not drink , can not smoke , do not smile too much or you might get laugh line , takin ' vitamin every day , ( more ) 21 . delilah mineral , herb , flaxseed , grapeseed , whatever - seed , and still try to find a way to sleep eight hour a night when all you can think about be that chocolate fudge cake sittin ' in the fridge . do not let the mascara and eyeliner fool you , miss tandy . I be all about discipline . now be you gonna train I or what ? tandy stare at delilah in silence . she pull out a notepad and pen , scribbles . tandy there 's thing you be gonna need . you can pick them up at jesse 's around the corner . be here tomorrow at eight . and when you get here , could you be a little less ... pink ? int . athletic store -- day delilah push a shopping cart load with neon sweat and t- shirt . she swipe a salmon sweatshirt off a shelf . delilah nope . too pink . a salesperson , 20 , with a bump on he nose , approach . bumpy how might I help you , mar 'am ? delilah oh , hi . I need a big bag . bumpy a what ? delilah a big bag . you know , for boxin' . bumpy oh , you mean a heavy bag . delilah that 's right . bumpy right . follow me.t ( roll eye ) 22 . delilah follow he down a aisle . delilah I be gonna be a boxer . be not it great ? bumpy um , yeah . good for you . he stop in front of a row of black and brown heavy bag . bumpy we have this here . they be well - manufacture and -- delilah do you have anythin ' happier ? bumpy happier . delilah yeah . I mean , look at this . they be all so dull - lookin ' . ( point to brown one ) this one look like King Kong have a accident . who want to see that ? bumpy miss , I hope you do not mind my ask , but , why box ? I mean , look at you . you be a knockout . delilah ha ! bumpy guess I step into that one . look , I be sorry , but I be afraid we do not have any happier - look heavy bag . delilah that 's too bad . bumpy can I interest you in a slam , mar 'am ? delilah what ?! she punch he in the nose . 23 . bumpy ow ! he keel over , blood trickle from he nose . delilah how could you say a thing like that to I ? bumpy you hear I wrong . I say a slamman . delilah oh. huh ? moment later delilah stand face to face with a slamman , a freestand heavy bag shape like the head and torso of a man . bumpy hold a pink t-shirt to he nose . delilah give slamman the evil eye . delilah I will take ‘im . int . tandy' boxing gym -- day delilah stride in wear yellow sweat . she carry a oversize gym bag . int . tandy' boxing gym - locker room -- day delilah sidle past three sweaty women on they way out . sweaty no breakfast , and she come in look like a banana split . sweatier heh . watch out . sweatiest I get cool whip at home . delilah cram she gym bag into a locker . she turn to leave and on the wall she notice a sign : people steal so use you head . delilah frown , turn the dial on the combination lock . she pull out she gym bag , remove she pocketbook from inside . take out she engagement ring . she study it , debate whether to pocket it . toss the ring into the locker . 24 . ext . tandy' boxing gym - parking lot -- day delilah jump rope . tandy supervise . the rope get tangle up in she foot and she tumble . delilah darnit ! tandy rope 's too long for ya . stand on it with both foot and pull up . delilah step on the rope , the end touch she shoulder . tandy let I see it . she take the rope and shorten it . tandy now try . delilah skip . better this time . delilah why be not we boxin ' ? tandy you be not in no fuckin ' shape to box . delilah what ? I be skinny . tandy do not talk , goldilocks . just jump . ext . track -- day delilah scamper around the track , breathe heavily . tandy sip a Coke as she stroll along the grassy center . delilah you know . I just have to say . that be pretty tacky . you sippin ' a soda while I sweat my mammary off . tandy I be gonna go grab some rum from my trunk . be right back . delilah growl . tandy stride away . moment later tandy glide toward the track . delilah 's double over , search for air . 25 . tandy look like we get quite a fuckin ' way to go , do not we . why be you run so fast ? you pantalet on fire ? you gotta pace yourself . delilah stand upright . Dark mascara stream down she cheek . tandy fuckin ' fright night . ext . parking lot -- day tandy idle in she mustang . she revs the motor . delilah trudge toward she , she cheek still streak . two bell look on from a park Lexus . int . lexus -- day they slurp milk shake . vanilla you hear about what happen to she ? strawberry yup . it 's a shame . vanilla sure be . strawberry never think she would go goth though . int . tandy' boxing gym -- day delilah drag in behind tandy and head for the locker room . tandy where ya go , goldilocks ? delilah Home . tandy we be not do yet . get you ass over here . I want ya to meet some o' the regular . tandy lead delilah over to hank , 20 , Korean heavyweight , a perfect gentleman but in no danger of make the cover of gq ; and romeo , 20 , African - american , with flamboyant trunk . hank field Romeo 's punch with focus mitt . tandy guy , this here 's delilah . 26 . slice sneer at delilah as she destroy the heavy bag . slice you takin ' in stray from the junior League ? tandy I be training goldilocks here to box . slice yeah , and I be training my dog to shit in the toilet . delilah so nice to meet you . hank do not let she bother you . I be hank . he offer a glove hand to delilah , and in the process miss a punch from Romeo to the kisser . it barely register . delilah it 's a pleasure . do not that hurt ? hank it 's no problem . he miss all the time . romeo oh hush . my name 's Romeo . I could never wear that color yellow , but it look divine on you . delilah thank you so much . I like you short . where would you find that color ? I do not see any like it at jesse 's . romeo oh , I make this myself . I would be happy to make you a -- tandy ( clap ) alright , lady . this be not a friggin ' fashion show . I gotta teach delilah here some basic . c'mere . slice bare she tooth at delilah , hit the bag with a flurry of punch . delilah blanch and scurries over to tandy . tandy stand in front o' the mirror so you can see what you be do . put you foot like this . ( more ) 27 . tandy ( demonstrate ) you be a rightie , so lead with you leave . foot shoulder - width apart . put you fist up . delilah crouch like she 's get a load in she pants . tandy do not bend so far . you be not in the bathroom . we be gonna start off slow . just jab with you leave , ( jab ) punch straight out from you chin . delilah clenches she fist and punch wildly . delilah like that ? tandy do not clench you fist . keep you finger relaxed . ( jab in slow -motion ) straight from the chin . then squeeze right before ya reach you target . delilah jab again . a little better . tandy okay . now this time , turn you fist a little when you punch . ( show she ) like that . so ya go from hold you fist vertical to horizontal . delilah ( jab again ) better ? tandy just keep do it . watch yourself in the mirror . I be sure you can manage that . slice stalk over to tandy as delilah jab away . slice why you humoring the poor girl ? tandy there 's something there . it 's just bury under a pile o' grit . 28 . int . tandy' boxing gym - locker room -- night vacant . delilah trek in alone . she open she locker and pull out she gym bag . no sign of a engagement ring . a little grin . int . macintosh estate - delilah' bedroom -- night delilah slog in , flick on the light . stick out like a sore thumb in the center of the room be slamman . she drop she gym bag on the floor , notice a sticky note on slamman 's forehead : " we need to talk . " int . tandy' boxing gym -- day delilah , in a sea foam green sweatsuit with match sweatband , practice she jab in front of the mirror . no makeup today . Romeo pass on he way to the ring . romeo look good there . delilah thanks ! tandy emerge from she office , frown at delilah 's form . tandy keep you chin tuck , goldilocks . this be not no beauty pageant . snap it out and pull it back . she stand next to delilah in the mirror , demonstrate . tandy snap it out . pull it back . fast . let you punch hang and you will fuckin ' get pummele . delilah pick up the pace . tandy you be gonna throw this punch the most , so ya sure as shit better make it count . now show I you right . delilah swing a roundhouse right . tandy what be ya , break up a bar fight ? throw the punch straight . that 's why they call it a straight right . ( demonstrate ) this time , the power 's not come from you arm . 29 . delilah it 's not ? tandy nope . it 's come from you torso , ( place she hand on delilah 's torso ) and from you right foot when ya pivot . delilah try a few straight rights . tandy put you back into it . delilah add more oomph . tandy good . explode and pull back . think you be ready for the heavy bag ? delilah oh , I be ready . tandy ( pull out wrap ) gimme you hand . tandy start wrapping delilah 's hand . stop , inspect delilah 's long , perfectly manicure nail . tandy follow I . we be go on a field trip . delilah really ? tandy' office tandy pull out a pair of tiny scissors from she desk . tandy that claw gotta go . delilah ( hide she hand ) bite you tongue . you know how much work it take to keep my hand lookin ' like this ? I be cultivatin ' this nail since I be fourteen . tandy you wanna farm or you wanna box ? delilah stand she ground . 30 . tandy alright . but no boxer I know 's get nail like that . ( put scissors away ) I guess you know best ... delilah Fine , you win . she hold out she hand , shut she eye . delilah but be quick about it . tandy cut delilah 's nail . pink half - moon fall to the floor . tandy get to work wrapping delilah 's leave hand . tandy hook you thumb , wrap you wrist , you knuckle , then back to you thumb . Cross over , wrap you knuckle again , and tie it off at the wrist . you do you right . delilah give it a shot . she do not use enough tension , the wrap droops from she hand . tandy you be a little too loose . delilah no I be not . tandy I be talk about the wrap . delilah oh . tandy take hold of delilah 's right hand . wrap it snug . tandy now put you glove on . delilah slide she hand into a bag glove . tandy dig you hand in there deep . like you be fishing for change . delilah ( push in deeper ) oh . what be that ? 31 . tandy what ? delilah I think I find a quarter . tandy let 's go . she lead delilah back out to a heavy bag next to one slice be pound on . tandy we be start with jab . remember you stance . make sure ya hit the bag with the front of you fist , not the top . that will hurt like a son-of - a-bitch . delilah jab at the bag once , then again while the bag tail away . she lose she balance and tumble . she start to get up , embarrassed , and the bag hit she flush on the way back . slice ( laugh ) you really show he . tandy help delilah up , glare at slice . tandy mind you own business . ( to delilah ) wait ' till the bag swing back before ya hit it again . make it work for you , not the other way around . delilah like this ? ( wallop the bag ) take that ! ( again ) and that ! tandy good . but do not get so piss off . clean out you ear , cuz this be important . a boxer who go in mad , come out hurt . ten time out of ten . box 's about discipline . this be not the wf . delilah World Wildlife -- 32 . tandy forget I say it . it 's all about control . Control , and skill . that build discipline . capeesh ? delilah 's eye glow with the last word . she unleash a diabolical flurry of punch on the heavy bag . everyone stop and gawk at delilah 's demonstration . except slice . ext . savannah STREET -- day still in she green sweatsuit , delilah jog . exhausted , but smile , on a high from hit the bag . she near a fruit stand where fresh peach be on display . snag one as she pass by . grin at the startle vendor . delilah oh no ! I be stealin ' a peach . better call the fuzz . the vendor gape at she as she run away . delilah turn ... delilah catch ! she hurl the peach back , but miss the vendor by a mile . delilah oops . sorry ! she trot back to he . fish a dollar from she fanny pack . vendor where I come from , throw food be a sin . delilah hand he another dollar . delilah promise you will light a candle for I ? int . tandy' boxing gym -- day delilah , in bright orange sweat and a halter top , work the heavy bag . she appear tight . tandy sidle up to she . tandy can I ask you something ? why be ya hold you breath ? delilah stop , exhales a gust of wind . tandy step back , wave she hand in the air to redirect the odor . tandy somebody bring this girl a tic tac. 33 . delilah sorry . too many shallot on my grit . tandy whatever . ya still wanna breathe , right ? breathe out when ya punch . short little wheeze . like this . she wheeze for delilah . delilah should I call someone ? sound like you be havin ' a heart attack . tandy do it with I . delilah wheeze quietly . tandy beckon for more . she take it up a notch . or two . or three . the two begin to wheeze in harmony , and the gym-goer find it impossible to resist . everyone begin to wheeze , until it sound like the entire gym may enter into cardiac arrest . tandy hold up a stop sign with she hand , the wheeze stop . tandy we be take another field trip . she wave two ticket , tuck they into delilah 's halter top . tandy there 's a local tournament tonight . it 's a good idea for you to watch . learn how it go down in a real fight . delilah that 's so sweet . y'all be comin ' with I ? tandy how many ticket ya see there ? int . arena -- night fighter trade punch in the ring . the crowd be subdued . tandy the guy in blue 's get a mean fuckin ' leave hook . ya get yourself one o' that and you will be dangerous . delilah I like how he dance . 34 . tandy it 's call long rhythm . we will cover that later . delilah so , tandy , what bring you to boxin ' ? tandy 's eye be fix on the fight . tandy I need a new fuckin ' trail . or path . or whatever . delilah what be you doin ' before ? tandy I be a snake-charmer . delilah a what ? tandy what 's do be do . the fight bell ding , end the bout . delilah spot marney in the crowd . delilah marney ! marney turn , more alarmed than surprised . she slink over . marney hey , delilah . what be you do here ? delilah I be here with my trainer . she 's teachin ' I how to box . marney wow , so you be serious about that ? delilah you know it . what about you ? marney oh , um , I just want to try something different . I will see you later , okay ? she turn on a dime and skedaddle . delilah that sure end in a hurry . 35 . announcer ( 0.s . ) we next bout be in the flyweight division . in this corner , wear red trunk , weigh in at one hundred and eleven pound , Beau sommer . ( crowd cheer ) and in this corner , wear green trunk , weigh in at one hundred and ten pound , Sir kelvin wingfield . delilah 's head whip around . delilah that bastard . tandy what ? delilah oh. um ... the one in green . tandy what about ' im ? delilah I buy that same color the other day , that ... copycattin ' ... jackass . tandy ( chortle ) whadda you care ? afraid you might clash ? delilah no . I be not afraid . int . tandy' boxing gym -- day hank hold the heavy bag as delilah , in electric blue sweat , slug away . tandy look on . delilah 's get better , mixing in some leave hook and uppercut with she jab . tandy more power with the uppercut . punch from you leg . delilah dip and thrust a whopper of a uppercut . tandy good ! show I another hook . she deliver a few ineffectual leave hook . she step 36 . tandy let I show ya something . ( step up to the bag ) take the ball of you leave foot , and plant it like you be put out a cigarette . delilah good idea . I hate cigarettes . tandy then pivot you body to the right . leg , hip , back . all of it . like a gate swinging from a post . ( throw a few hook ) out of the way and delilah take a crack at it . tandy do not worry about look funny . tuck you hand to you chest when ya come around . snap it out , and recover . do not leave yourself open . delilah generate more torque as she practice she hook . Romeo jump rope on the platform . she lead ring and pull romeo you go , darlin ' ! delilah oh Romeo , Romeo ... what for ow thou ... I dunno , whatever ... tandy okay , let 's talk defense . delilah to the on glove . toss delilah she headgear . delilah we be fightin' ? tandy Hell no . we be gonna practice slip . I be gonna throw some punch , and you be gonna avoid they . if ya can . delilah put on she headgear . 37 . tandy cinch it on tight . ( assist she ) now , I want ya to watch my body . every punch you opponent miss , cost she some energy , right ? see where my next punch be come from , then move you head outta the way . she throw a soft jab at delilah 's head , she evade it . tandy good . keep you eye on mine . throw a leave hook , delilah step out of the way . tandy this be not dodgeball . do not use you foot . only you head . she throw more punch , a little faster now . tandy the idea 's to avoid the attack , but use as little energy as possible . delilah 's into it , bob she head back and forth . delilah this be kinda fun . tandy put a little more power behind she punch and pop delilah in the mouth . delilah owwwwwwwwwww ! ( fall to she knee ) tandy oh shit . she squat next to delilah , pull she hand away from she mouth . blood pour from a cut on delilah 's lip . tandy somebody get I a towel ! int . hospital -- day delilah sit on a gurney , enclose by a privacy curtain . she hold a white towel to she lip . she look down at she hand and notice the impression leave by she engagement ring . delilah bring the towel down and try to wipe away the mark . 38 . the curtain open wide and in walk Doctor nate more , 30 , widow , and have not comb he hair since . nate be you here for stitches ? delilah oh God , please no . I have never have stitches ' fore in my life . nate hold on . let 's have a look . ( pull up a stool ) I be Doctor more . delilah , be it ? delilah that 's right . nate that 's a little intimidating . I have not have a haircut in month . delilah make a scissor motion with she finger . nate ( chuckle ) so what bring you here ? delilah I be involved in a boxin ' accident . nate a box accident . ( walk to counter ) delilah uh huh . I be learnin ' how to do the slip , and I zigge when I should have zag . nate drip solution onto a cotton ball . nate that 's too bad . I have get some good news for you though . he lean in and cleanse the wound . delilah what 's that ? nate no stitches . delilah unabashedly hug nate 's head , he nearly tumble . 39 . delilah that 's so great ! thank you so much . nate ( nose to nose ) be sure to keep it dry . int . macintosh estate - delilah' bedroom -- night delilah turn on the light , toss she gym bag on the bed . she step in front of she full - length mirror and inspect she face . a thin adhesive strip ride she upper lip . delilah oh yuck . I look like he . mirabelle ( 0.s. ) what do you think you be do ? delilah turn . mirabelle stand in the doorway , arm fold . delilah what be you talkin ' about ? mirabelle oh my God ! what be that ?! she hoof it across the room , dodging slamman . mirabelle be that a cut ? be it deep ? delilah it 's just a tiny one . mirabelle how do you get it ? delilah I already tell you . mirabelle you have not tell I anything . I hardly see you anymore . where have you be go ? delilah ( mock she ) you mean you do not remember ? mirabelle search the file in she head . delilah the other mornin ' . you be havin ' breakfast . there be a lot of laughter , as I recall . 40 . mirabelle if you be tell I you have take up box , I be gonna go ballistic . delilah momma , you be already there . mirabelle pull at she own hair , scream like a banshee . delilah I be sorry if that upset you . if you need something ' to hit , try the slamman . mirabelle I want that monstrosity out of here ! she punch slamman in the head . break a nail . mirabelle good heaven . now look what you have do . this be all you fault ! delilah my fault ?! mirabelle you must have do something . Said something stupid that upset he for he to do that to you . delilah do you just call I stupid ? mirabelle inch backward . delilah step back , momma . let I show you how it 's do . she throw on she bag glove , go off on slamman . mirabelle look on in horror . race out clutching she hand . int . tandy' boxing gym - ring -- day delilah spar with slice , both in headgear . no sign of tandy . delilah bounce around like she 's at a disco . slice toy with she , arm down , smile ugly through she mouthguard . slice that Band - Aid look like a moustache . delilah must stink to know I be still prettier than you . 41 . slice sting she on the side of the head . delilah maybe I oughta grow a full beard so you can catch up . slice zing she on the other side of the head . slice keep talk , silverspoon . I be kinda enjoy this . should not you be in a ball gown somewhere , cookin ' up some grit ? delilah as a lady , I be prone to wearin ' dress . where do redneck normally shop ? slice laugh . delilah do you get you three square today ? I do not notice any slim Jim wrapper in the trash . as delilah sweat , she skin strip begin to peel off . delilah be that a new perfume you be wearin ' ? I never try raid . slice swing , but this time , delilah slip she punch . slice such a sweet li'l thing , come in here to learn how to box . should be marry and pregnant by now ... tandy hustle into the gym carry a grocery bag . delilah be not you marry ? or do not you have a brother ? her skin strip fall . slice unload and connect on delilah 's cut , drop she flat on she back . tandy slice ! you sloppy shit-bitch ! she drop she bag and hop into the ring . tandy get away from she ! 42 . slice edge out of the way . blood pour from delilah 's lip . delilah ( groggy ) I let you down . tandy use the bottom of she shirt to press down on the cut . int . hospital - hallway -- day delilah sit on a gurney , a towel to she mouth , she eye a bit swollen . tandy lean next to she as traffic pass by . delilah it 's gonna be stitches for sure this time . tandy do not worry . you will still be the prettiest one at the gym . delilah you really think so ? tandy I know so . delilah why be we sittin ' out here anyway ? tandy because they run out of room . nate turn the corner , see delilah . nate I should have stay in sale with all this repeat customer . delilah the cut open , Doctor more . nate uh oh . another box accident ? delilah uh huh . nate smile , he glance over at tandy and all of a sudden tandy feel like she 's intrude on a private conversation . tandy I will see ya back at the gym . ( go , stop ) wait . I be you ride . 43. delilah that 's okay . I will just call a cab . it 's not that far . tandy okay . bye. ( leave ) delilah ( call ) thanks for drivin ' I . she let go of she towel , nate inspect she lip . nate you be lucky , miss delilah . a little dermabond should do it . but that 's two strike . you eye look swollen to I , too . he rip open a peroxide towelette and cleanse the cut . delilah smell nice . like lemon . nate you know what go good with that ? int . hospital - cafeteria -- day delilah squeeze lemon into a cup of tea . a topical skin adhesive highlight she upper lip . nate ( sip coffee ) so you be gonna beat the grit out of you ex-fiancé ? delilah " deed I be . nate why ? delilah he embarrassed I . and I would like to return the favor . nate would they even allow that ? delilah they be gonna have to . boxer must be good for business , would not you say ? 44 . nate I would like not to think of it asa growth industry . delilah notice he wedding band . silence . delilah be you wife a doctor , too ? nate no , actually . she pass away . delilah oh , I be really sorry to hear that . she must have be young . nate too young . delilah do you have any kid ? nate one daughter . Abby . delilah do she look like ...? nate isabel . they have the exact same eye . both at a loss what to say next . delilah there 's a um ... Charity Ball goin ' on at the Convention Center on Saturday night . if you think you might be up for it , it would sure be nice to have a doctor in my corner . you know , in case I get into any fist fight . nate I dunno . Saturday ... I think I might have something go on . delilah that make one of we . nate what 's the charity ? 45 . delilah Southern belle with fat lip ... Foundation . int . macintosh estate - kitchen -- night mirabelle stand with the fridge door open , glaring at Samuel . mirabelle I will not stand for this . it 's bad enough we spend thousand of dollar on she wedding and have nothing to show for it . but now she 's get this cockamamie idea in she head that 's gonna threaten she only asset which be she look . I will not stand for it . you have to talk to she . dine room charlene eavesdrop . SAMUEL ( 0.s . ) maybe it 's just a phase she 's gotta work herself through . back to kitchen mirabelle we be not talk hula hoop and yo - yos , Samuel . she 's one facial scar away from bag grocery at the piggly wiggly . ( slam fridge door ) be that what you want ? int . macintosh estate - upstair hallway -- night Samuel meander in the dark toward delilah 's bedroom , she light be on . delilah' bedroom Samuel raise he hand to knock , peek in . delilah hunch in a blue ball gown , whimper in front of she full - length mirror . her back to Samuel , she wipe tear from she eye . a sad look from Samuel and he sneak away . 46 . int . convention CENTER - lobby -- night elegant , refine . a host of tuxedo and ball gowns . delilah emerge through a revolve door look impeccable , aside from she two black eye . her appearance garner she a unfamiliar sort of attention , which show on she face when she spot two of she bridesmaid direct they beaus toward a more dignify place to mingle . smiling she way and dress to the nine , be nate . he hold out he hand , she take it . nate you do say " box , " do not you ? delilah ( sigh of relief ) yes , I do . I run out o' concealer . they stroll through the crowd of onlooker . int . convention CENTER - dine hall -- night delilah and nate eat dinner at a table with six other guest . a few find it difficult not to stare at delilah 's bruise . delilah ( sip wine ) so how old 's Abby ? nate thirteen . eighth grade philosopher . delilah you have a picture ? nate take out he wallet , a accordion of picture unravel . straight down into he soup . nate jeez ! I be a idiot . delilah hurry , she 's drownin ' ! ( hand he she napkin ) nate wipe off the picture , delilah lean over to see . delilah my God , she be just beautiful . even with minestrone in she hair . nate yes , she be . 47 . delilah what 's she like ? nate she 's a good egg . with a double yolk , you might say . delilah whaddya mean by that ? nate she 's definitely get two side to she . there 's the side I hear on the phone a lot with she friend . and then there 's sort of a long -distance Abby . that 's the one that normally show up for dinner . delilah have this be goin ' on since ... nate nod . they share a forlorn look . back to eat . delilah raise she fork , look up ata table across the way where kelvin and marney dine , laugh and smile . delilah' eye glow fuchsia . she put she fork down . delilah would you excuse I for a minute ? nate sure . delilah thank you . I will not be long . she get up and glide across the dining hall to kelvin & marney' table they see she draw near , and freeze with fear . delilah ( address table ) how're all y'all doin ' tonight ? havin ' a nice time ? the guest turn , startle , as delilah beam a smile at they through she black eye . 48. delilah please forgive my appearance . I do not mean to interrupt , I know all y'all be enjoyin ' you meal . be not it just delicious ? kelvin and marney trade look , unsure where the exit be . delilah raise you hand if you get the sea bass . she look around the table , a timid couple raise they hand . delilah it not it scrumptious ? timid husband very scrumptious , thank you . delilah goooood . all y'all have have a chance to meet Mr. wingfield here ? she gesture to kelvin , the guest nod . delilah flyweight boxer . handsome for he size , do not you think ? but I never see that Peter Jackson movie . what you probably do not know - all but one - be that he leave I at the altar . and my guess be , for the woman seat to he leave . ( guest gasp and turn ) it not she sweet ? anyone know who she be ? timid wife marney , right ? delilah that 's right . marney cobb . she be my best friend . ( guest gasp again ) " deed , she be . but look at she now . a up - n- comin ' homewrecker . it not that precious ? now all y'all go on and enjoy you dessert . ' nite ... int . convention CENTER - ballroom -- night delilah and nate gaze at each other as they dance . nate you be a natural . 49 . delilah I should be . start when I be five . nate how many year ago be that ? delilah you be askin ' a lady she age ? nate ( Jimmy Stewart ) a pox upon I for a clumsy lout . delilah ( giggle ) _ . . thanks for comin ' with I to this . nate do not mention it . I plan on give a fat check to the fat lip Foundation . delilah I be sure they would ... swell with pride . nate naturally . delilah you ever be to something ' like this before ? nate yes , I have . a little over two year ago . delilah feel sort o' surreal , do not it ? funny . I be expectin ' my next dance to be with someone ' bout six inch short than you . nate I can slouch if you like . delilah no , do not do that . I do not want you to do that . nate spin delilah . delilah what do you do when the happier time all start feelin ' surreal ? nate I hold on . 50 . delilah until when ? nate until the ride 's over . and you have to get off . delilah look up at he . delilah it hurt when I smile . maybe I should stop . nate delilah , if you stop smile , it will be the end of all of we . delilah I will trade you . one painkiller for every smile . nate that sound about right . int . arena - ring -- night super : four month later the sound of a fight bell . a leaner delilah spring out of she corner . her helmet be color-coordinated with the rest of she outfit . her opponent , valerie vendetta , 30 , snarly redhead , dance over with confidence . they trade jab . Valerie throw a couple of straight rights that delilah parry . delilah try a straight right , miss , lose she balance . Valerie make she pay for it with a wick shot to the rib . tandy ( slap the mat ) snap and back ! snap and back ! do not leave yourself open ! delilah bob erratically east to west . Valerie connect with a leave uppercut . delilah deliver three leave jab , drop she opponent back . a leave hook from Valerie that delilah slip , she retaliate with one of she own , surprising Valerie and she right temple . delilah lose she balance when she try for a leave uppercut , but enough so to miss a vicious straight right from Valerie . the bell . delilah retreat to she corner . tandy , hank and Romeo enter the ring . 51 . in the crowd Samuel sit alone , he Panama hat pull down low . back to ring hank rub vaseline under delilah 's leave eye . delilah be that non-comedogenic ? hank sure . what ? Romeo give she a swig of water . tandy you be all over the place out there . do slice stick a curling iron down you short ? delilah yes , she do . I be still gettin ' warm up . ( smile up at Romeo ) Romeo laugh , until he see tandy 's look . tandy this girl 's just waitin ' for ya to lose you balance so she can knock the shit outta ya . make the bitch wait . hank you can do it , delilah . delilah thanks , hank . the bell . delilah come out of she corner , bob less . Valerie start in with two right uppercut to delilah 's rib . not ready for they , she stiffen up . delilah come back with a jab and a straight right , Valerie parry they both . she counter with a combination of she own , landing both . delilah 's back to move helter-skelter . conscious of she leave rib , she lower she guard . Valerie let loose a straight right that drop delilah flat . tandy shit ! 52 . referee start the countdown . delilah do not budge a inch . in the crowd a ashen Samuel stand up . across the way nate look sick to he stomach . back to ring delilah 's count out . tandy , hank and Romeo scramble in . tandy delilah ! the ring physician , 5as , enter , stoops down to delilah . ring physician can you hear I ? he check she airway , tilt she head back . tandy come on ... ring physician can you hear I , miss macintosh ? delilah I do . I do . I dooo ... her eye slowly open , she look up at the Ring physician . delilah ( wistfully ) that 's all he need to say . Ring physician and tandy look at each other quizzically . int . arena - dressing room -- night dimly light , a few light have be punch out . delilah sit on a bench , shower and dress , morose and lose in she thought . a well surround she leave eye . tandy appear in the shadow , delilah do not need to look . delilah sometimes I just do not know who I be foolin' . ( beat ) be I foolin ' you ? tandy " Bout what ? 53. delilah me. as a boxer . tandy if box be easy , God would not have invent championship belt . delilah can I ask you somethin' ? tandy okay . delilah do you think ... I have what it take ? tandy no . delilah turn to face she . tandy when ya do , ya will not have to ask . int . nate' home - kitchen -- night nate set a big bowl of spaghetti on the table . his daughter ABBY , 13 , anxious eye and nondescript clothes , add silverware and napkin . nate turn off the tv . ABBY I hope you do not put too much oregano this time . nate there 's no such thing as too much oregano . just add more basil . ABBY ( snag a breadstick ) if you say so . nate do anything this Saturday ? ABBY I dunno , why ? nate there 's someone I would like you to meet . ABBY who ? nate her name 's delilah . 54 . ABBY do I know she ? nate if you do , I would not ask you to meet she . Abby look away . round one go to nate . round two ABBY where 's she from ? nate Savannah . ABBY no , I mean how would you -- never mind . nate she come into the emergency room one day with a bust lip . ABBY someone beat ‘er up ? nate sort of . ABBY sort of ? nate she 's a boxer . ABBY huh . that 's sorta dangerous . to Abby . she whip out she cell phone . nate do you have to do that now ? ABBY ( punch button ) what be you do with she ? nate whaddya mean , what be I do with she ? ABBY you know . nate no I do not . 55 . ABBY dad , you be a doctor . and today we be put condom on plantain in sex ed class . you do know . nate so now you be gonna hold my degree against I ? I screw up the sauce . at least let I keep my degree . Abby smirk at she dad . nate plantain ? Split decision . int . tandy' boxing gym -- day delilah , in neon green , practice slip by dodging the weight end of a swinging rope . Romeo jump rope nearby . romeo do you catch Project runway last night ? delilah never miss it . romeo man , that guy Vernon 's crazy . he have he nose so far up that judge 's ass , if she sneeze he would have die . delilah oh I do not like he . I like alysha . ev'ry week she make something ' different . hank ( 0.s. ) I like inga . delilah turn toward hank and get clonke in the head . delilah ow ! Romeo swing he rope around to hank , who do situp . hank she always know how far to push it before the judge get piss off . tandy show , hold a boom box . tandy ya do bonkin ' yourself in the head ? 56 . delilah for today , yes . tandy good . come with I . she lead delilah to the ring and set the boom box down . tandy we need to find you a rhythm . Long one 's too mellow for ya , and the short one almost gotcha kill . ya say you have be take dance lesson since you be bear ? delilah give or take a few year . tandy you remember the box step ? delilah it 's be a while . tandy turn on waltzing music . tandy dance with I . you wanna be the man or the woman ? delilah which would you rather be ? tandy I ask you first . delilah well then I guess that make you the man . they assume a close position , tandy as the man . she bring she leave foot forward , delilah bring she right foot back . the box step be underway . tandy be it come back to ya ? delilah pretty much . ' cept I do not hear my momma screamin ' in the background . 57 . tandy good . ya do not want you opponent to get a read on ya . if they predict where you be go before ya even get there , you be as do as dinner . delilah we do not want that . tandy if ya think they be get a read on ya , I want ya to switch gender . delilah that would be awful expensive , do not you think ? tandy no . I mean , dance the man 's part . delilah oh. okay . tandy shake she head , a flicker of a smile as they waltz . meanwhile , the gym-goer have congregate outside the ring . a flustered - look slice emerge from the locker room . slice what in Holy Hell 's she do to this place ? ext . park - fountain -- day delilah , in electric red , jump rope . a couple bicker nearby . they appear lose . the wife approach delilah , the husband lag behind eyeing a map . lost wife Excuse I , miss . we be not from around here . can you tell we how to get to benny 's Cafe ? delilah I sure can . where you visitin ' from ? lost wife Minnesota . delilah well , welcome to Savannah ! glad to have you . 58 . lost wife thank you . very much . we be so glad to -- harold , put that map away for God 's sake ! can not you see this nice woman be try to help we ? he put it away , smile condescendingly at delilah . delilah benny 's be sooo good . you have get to try they oyster . they be ab - so-lute -ly out o' this world . lost husband we would ab-so-lute -ly like to try they . sooner rather than later . delilah well , that 's easy . you head straight down River Street , take a sharp leave on Bay by cromwell theatre . that 's where they have that awful fire twelve year back . oh , and it be such a shame , too , cuz at that time it be the oldest theatre in all o' Georgia . they redid it nice and pretty , but it 's just not the same . when you reach the end o' Bay , you wanna turn leave onto matlin and a quick right onto acorn . you will see ernesto 's Cafe on the corner . it use to be Henry 's diner , but when Henry 's wife catch ' im cheatin ' with the hostess , poor man lose everythin' . benny 's be just two more block from there . straight shot , you can not miss it . the wife seem more ready to have a aneurysm than a oyster . lost wife thank you . the couple turn and leave . lost husband ( take out the map ) told you . delilah practice she box step , jabbing as she go . nate and Abby turn up . dad 's smile , daughter 's frown . nate hey , punchy . 59 . delilah there you be . think you might have skip town . nate Abby , this be delilah . delilah , Abby . delilah so nice to finally meet you . Abby force a smile . delilah my , you be even prettier in person . nate and this be from a beauty pageant winner . ABBY so ... why be you box ? delilah why not ? girl do not have to be one thing , do she ? ABBY yeah , but , box can ruin you look . delilah uh huh . just like stress , and second - hand smoke , and my favorite , Father time . besides , it 's fun . look ! she jab with she leave , a right cross , a leave uppercut . delilah Works the kink out . c'mon , let I show you . Abby roll she eye , mope over to delilah . delilah ( demonstrate ) line up you right heel and you leave toe . flex you knee , bend you hip a little , tuck you elbow in , and put up you duke . Abby cave , she assume the boxer 's stance . delilah now jab . Abby jab with she leave . 60 . delilah ( join in ) good . now try you right . nate grin as they punch away in harmony . nate I have really do it now . delilah snap it right out . good . this be the punch you will use in case you be ever in a street fight . or if you just wanna beat up the class clown . ABBY what about bully ? delilah they , too . nate gaze at Abby . she steal a look back at he . they stop nate Abby , be there something you wanna tell I ? ABBY no . it 's not a big deal . nate what 's not a big deal ? jabbing . Abby sulk . ABBY it 's just this jerk in my math class . Tommy Willis . nate what about Tommy Willis ? ABBY he 's be ... snap my bra . I can not get he to stop . nate how long have this be go on ? ABBY a month . nate a month ? why do not you tell I ? 61 . ABBY we all have to fight we own battle . be not that what you say ? nate this be different . ABBY why ? nate because you be my daughter . that 's why . delilah might I offer a suggestion ? nate what ? delilah the combination punch ! nate delilah , please ... let 's be realistic . delilah hear I out . be this boy bigger than you ? ABBY yeah , he 's pretty big . and fat . delilah do not you worry ' bout that . that 's just hormone and poor eatin ' habit . come with I . she lead they to a grassy area nate delilah , what be we do ? delilah what be we doin ' ? we be puttin ' arrow in you daughter 's quiver . that 's what we be doin ' . Three to be exact . and you be gonna be the honorary guinea pig . be that okay with you , Abby ? ABBY uh huh . delilah set nate in front of she . 62 . delilah now . make like you be Tommy Willis . nate what do you expect I to do ? delilah improvise . nate puff out he cheek like he 's a hundred pound overweight . he raise he arm up like a monster , aim for delilah 's bra . Abby giggle . delilah now just watch I , abby. ( demonstrate in slow - motion ) Left jab . then a straight right . then finish ' im off with a leave hook . ABBY get it . ( pull out a tiny notepad and pen ) Left , right , leave . delilah right . I be gonna do it a little faster this time , okay ? ABBY okay . delilah deliver the combination on nate . she pull the punch a bit , but truth be , she do not like the comment about be realistic . nate fall heavily on he keester . delilah hover over nate menacingly . a woman in a pink sweater approach . pink sweater miss macintosh ? delilah yes . pink sweater I know it be you . I be Sheila reynold . I work over at Channel 3 . how would you feel about come on good mornin ' , Savannah tomorrow ? delilah ( duh ) you be askin ' I if I wanna be on tv ? 63 . int . channel three studio - morning talk show -- day the studio audience whip up a frenzy . talk show host kip , 40s , salt - and - pepper hair with a scary - white smile , sit alongside mindy , 28 , perky brunette with dimple . kip and we be back . hello again , everyone , and welcome to good mornin ' , Savannah . we next guest have take makeover to a absolute extreme . she 's win two beauty pageant right here in we beloved state of Georgia , include this year 's magnolia princess . and then what do she go and do ? she put on box glove . I mean , can you believe it ? whaddya say , should we bring she out here ? studio audience yes ! kip well alright , then . everyone , please welcome to we show , the beauty Queen turn Boxer ... delilah macintosh ! the Studio audience go nut . delilah wave as she stride across the stage , she kiss kip and mindy on the cheek . delilah G ' mornin ' ! kip and good Morning to you , delilah . May I call you delilah ? delilah well that 's my name , be not it ? kip ( obnoxious laugh ) yes , it sure be . so tell we , delilah , what on earth happen ? why trunk instead of a evening gown ? delilah you mean you do not hear ? kip hear what ? delilah raise you hand if you hear about I . nearly everyone raise they hand , include mindy . the crowd 64 . kip ( gesture to mindy ) even she hear . what do not I hear ? delilah I be stand up at the altar . boos. delilah uh huh . I agree . kip ( more comical than angry ) why do not you tell I this thing ?! mindy I think I would leave it up to she to bring it up . I do not want to say anything to embarrass she . delilah thank you for that . you be so sweet . kip so now it 's all beginning to make sense . wait a sec . no it be not . some jerk jilt you , and you put on box glove ? I do not get it . how long ago be this ? delilah comin ' up on five month . do I mention my ex - be a boxer ? kip no , but ... hold it . be you say what I think you be say ? delilah uh huh . I be gonna box he ass blue . int . kelvine bedroom -- day on television delilah on good mornin ' , Savannah . kip oh my God ! you can not be serious . be she serious , folk ? delilah go on , tell ‘im . studio audience yes ! 65 . kip well , I will be ... you hear it here first . but what about bygone bein ' bygone ? do not you believe in that ? delilah oh please . I be jilted in front o' all my friend , my family , everyone . no self - respectin ' belle 's gonna stand for such nonsense . ( directly into camera ) it not that right , kelvin ? bed kelvin sit up watch tv with marney . kelvin she 's flip she fritter . marney poor thing . back to television kip so , delilah , you have obviously turn thing around for yourself . be there someone new in you life ? delilah there sure be . his name 's nate . and he 's a doctor . the crowd cheer . kip wow , look at you . so many change in such a short period of time ... delilah and he be the sweetest man I have ever meet . so kind , and considerate . the type I use to think belong only in fairy tale ... int . tandy' kitchen -- day tandy sit at the table watch good mornin ' , Savannah . she appear lose and disappointed . her breakfast , untouched . int . arena - ring -- night a sell - out crowd look on as delilah battle gladys the gravedigger , 36 , spiky blonde hair , the bizarro delilah . delilah throw three lightning left - each of they , strike . 66 . gladys return fire with a straight right that clear delilah 's sinuse . she adjust she headgear . a one - two combination from delilah throttles gladys , but she 's late return to guard and pay for it in spade . delilah 's rhythm turn haphazard again . gladys see that she 's off balance and capitalize with a mean leave hook . the bell . hank set down a stool and go to work apply vaseline , Romeo water down delilah . hank you be doin ' good , you be doin ' good . romeo kick she ass , delilah . this one 's get no sense of style whatsoever . tandy take she sweet time enter the ring . delilah I do better the first two round , do not 1 ? tandy what be you ask I for ? do not you know when you be get you ass kick ? or do I need to draw you a map ? delilah what be I doin ' wrong ? tandy if you wanna forget everything we talk about , that 's you business . I be not you boss , and you be not my secretary . the bell . delilah what 's with you ? come full speed ahead be gladys . right cross . pow ! delilah fall back against the turnbuckle . she bob and weave like mad , try to evade the flurry of punch . then , delilah growls at gladys . her opponent step back . delilah strut out of she corner like a cat on the prowl . gladys swing and miss . another one , miss . delilah 's full - on into she box step , throw rapid jab as she go . 67 . when gladys try for a right hook , delilah sidestep . when she lunge forward , delilah drop back out of harm 's way . just when gladys think she 's get a read on she , delilah switch gender on she box step . not only do gladys miss , but she leave herself wide open . delilah connect with a leave hook that send she opponent spiraling down to the mat . delilah oh my God . outside the ring , Romeo jump up and down , high - fives hank . as the referee count , gladys slowly rise to she foot . delilah beam with confidence , swagger as she throw everything but the kitchen sink at she opponent . gladys try to shield herself from the barrage . the bell . hank and Romeo storm the ring . hank I know you could do it ! romeo ( hug delilah ) she look just like you . except older , fatter , and on crack . delilah ( laugh ) thanks . she get catch up in the moment . in the crowd Samuel , in he Panama hat , stand and applaud he daughter . back to ring announcer lady and gentleman , we have a decision . judge duane Savage score the fight forty to thirty - five . judge Matt Anderson score the bout forty to thirty - six . judge Fred karnicky score the fight forty to thirty - four . and the winner by unanimous decision -- delilah macintosh ! delilah I do it . I did it ! hank and Romeo hoist delilah up . she smile ear - to-ear . 68 . hank and romeo ( chant ) delilah ... it finally dawns on delilah that tandy 's not in the ring . she scan the arena . her smile wilt when she spot tandy head down the aisle toward the shower . int . arena - dressing room -- night tandy wash she face in the sink . gym bag at she foot . delilah appear look hot , sweaty and bother . tandy ignore she , fix she hair in the mirror . delilah where be you ? tandy when ? delilah whaddya mean , when ? when I win my first fight in like -- forever . tandy ( mock delilah ) this cowlick be drivin ' I ab-so - lute -ly bonker , I tell you what ... delilah ( fold she arm ) be there something ' you be not tellin ' I ? tandy oh now that 's rich . delilah what 's rich ? tandy you ask I if there 's something I be not tell you . delilah look , I be too hot and smelly to play hide and seek . just tell I what 's wrong . tandy all that baloney about beauty pageant and change career path . magnolia princess ... you really have I go . ( off delilah 's look ) you think I do not own a tv ? I hope you guy be real happy together . deli wait . who be yo " bout good morni tand adios . ( head for t deli so that 's it ? I and my trainer q tand I do not think yo find a new on charm . you will d int . macintosh estate - do a melancholy delilah sit she lean closer to the mis on she face . deli good God , woman , to yourself ? charlene rap on the door char hey . deli hey . charlene sit indian style char ( gesture t sort of get he be here . talk to momma delilah set down she brus char Del , I just want I be about what should not have wai it . and I laug feel bad about i ( study she when my relation end ... I dunno real hard findin before . 69 . lah u...? be you talkin ' and , Savannah ? y he exit ) lah win my first fight uit on I ? y u'll have a problem e . just use you of fine . lilah' bedroom -- day at she vanity brush she hair . rror , notice some nick and bruise lah what be you doin ' and enter hold a box of cookie . lene lah on the bed . lene of slamman ) use to the idea of a lot easier than h . lene ed to say how sorry happen with kelvin . ted this long to say hing ... I have just t ever since . sock ) ship with Howard it 's just be g the person I be 70 . delilah amble over to she sister . gently , she pries the box of cookie from she hand . delilah how do you expect to find she if you keep on buryin ' she ? charlene look at the box of cookie , then up at delilah . it 's a look they have not share since they be child run around in the backyard . int . macintosh estate - kitchen -- day mirabelle pour a cup of coffee for a woman seat at the table : 40s , white pantsuit , and a pretentious scarf . pretentious thank you . smell delightful . mirabelle so be this something that would pay per assignment , or would she receive a annual salary ? pretentious it 's per assignment . but , trust I , it 's quite lucrative , just the same . I suppose if I talk to some people -- mirabelle I think she might be come . ( nonchalantly ) I be so glad I try this brand of coffee . be not it heavenly ? delilah saunter in , ignore the people seat at the table . she rest the box of cookie on the counter . mirabelle oh , delilah . there 's someone I would like you to meet . this be Ms. williamson . she work for ciao Belle magazine . pretentious stand and extend she hand with a flawless smile . she tower over delilah . pretentious it 's so nice to meet you . delilah shake she hand , more than a little suspicious . pretentious please , will not you join we ? ( take a seat ) 71 . delilah I prefer to stand , thank you . what 's this about ? mirabelle how do a dream come true sound ? delilah like it 's dark out and I be asleep . mirabelle oh you would not want to sleep through this , honey . please , fill my daughter in on all the detail . pretentious delilah , we magazine be currently in need of a new fashion model . one that fit you specs to a tee . I can tell immediately that -- delilah my mother put you up to this ? pretentious well , um ... I be the newest member of she bridge club and -- mirabelle how do one hundred thousand a year sound for have you picture take ? delilah what 's the catch ? mirabelle oh now that 's the best part . you will not have to box anymore . be not that right , kaleena ? delilah reach for the box of cookie , stuff she face . pretentious that 's true . we strongly encourage we model to participate in rigorous physical activity , but with minimal risk . stationary bike , row machine , treadmills ... her cheek puffy , delilah look a little like dizzy gillespie . mirabelle what in God 's name be you do ? delilah talk but every word be indiscernible . 72 . mirabelle I do not raise you to be this disrespectful . delilah try for a reply , but again it 's incomprehensible . mirabelle go on , leave . now ! go box yourself into a corner , why do not you ? delilah deliver a elaborate curtsy and depart with a beauty queen wave . int . nate' home - kitchen -- day nate mix a protein drink in a blender . delilah sit at the table , gaze blankly out the window . nate maybe she will come around . delilah I dunno . she seem pretty hurt . nate at least now we will not have to meet in the er . that 's a relief . delilah I guess . her brood come to a abrupt halt . delilah wait . be you sayin ' you feel relieved about all this ? nate maybe a little . delilah cock she head back like : " I do not just hear that . " nate okay more than a little . delilah how could you say a thing like that ? I have invest my whole life in this . nate you think it 's easy for I , watch people take swing at you ? delilah no , but , this be my future we be talkin ' about . 73. nate if be concerned about you make I selfish then I be plumb out of idea . I be not in a real hurry to lose someone I care about . a moment of silence . nate pour the protein drink . on the countertop , he glimpsis the Sports section . headline : " delilah bury the gravedigger ! " nate set delilah I be just not sure it be all because I do not tell she about kelvin . the drink on the table , sit across from delilah . nate what do you mean ? delilah she say : I hope you guy be real happy together . Lord know she could not have have mean he . nate maybe she mean we . delilah I s'pose . nate do you think she might be -- delilah I dunno ... I do not think so . we waltze once but we be just practicin ' my footwork . nate maybe you be . delilah be it gettin ' hot in here or be it just I ? nate no , it 's get hot . very hot . smokin ' hot , as a matter of fact . c'mon . delilah follow he out . live room nate collapse on the sofa . delilah curl up in a ball . 74 . delilah how 's Abby doin ' ? nate better , actually . she 's not disappear as fast after dinner . delilah that 's a start . she upstairs studyin' ? nate nope . she 's get piano , tuesday . delilah interestin ' . nate wanna know something ? delilah what 's that ? nate I do not even know she be wear a bra . delilah well maybe she be . but I be not . int . macintosh estate - delilah' bedroom -- night delilah slug away on slamman , sweat flick off of she . mirabelle appear in the doorway , carry a photo album . mirabelle can I show you something ? delilah stop abruptly , in no mood for momma 's bullshit . delilah what ? mirabelle I come across it this morning . think you might wanna have a look . she sidle up to delilah , and open the photo album picture from all of delilah 's beauty pageant . mirabelle do you remember ? we take you to so many ... 75 . delilah how come I have not see a lot of this ? mirabelle they be for special occasion . just like this . so many year , so much energy and hard work , you devote . I just want to say ... how proud I be of you . ( off delilah 's perplex look ) I mean it . how many people do we know come up with one goal today , just to forget about it tomorrow ? that 's why New Year 's resolution be such a joke . and that 's why ... it pain I to see you slide . delilah who 's slidin ' ? I be not slidin' . mirabelle I never stop to consider just how traumatic a experience it must have be for you . to be leave stand there . that 's my fault . I should have know better . it 's understandable you would want a escape route of some kind . and you choose box . delilah momma . it 's not just a escape route . mirabelle honey , who could blame you for want to beat the bejesus out of that boy ? I could not . it 's just awful what he do . but do you really want to throw away everything you work for ? delilah this be not even about I , be it . mirabelle what ? of course it be . delilah no it be not . it 's about you . and how you be always lookin ' for a return on you investment . well sometimes it just do not happen , momma ! ( more ) mirabelle she head 76 . delilah sometimes a stock tank and you just gotta take it like a lady ! ( pace ) you know what I think ? I think this be about you from the very beginnin' . ever since I be five . yawn . delilah and to see you come in here holdin ' you precious photo album , tryin ' to forge a hallmark card outta nothin ' ... well that 's just tacky , momma . mirabelle ( red alert ) do not you ever use that word on I . delilah I just do ! tacky , tacky , tacky . want a tic tac , momma ? mirabelle you know what the real shame be in all this ? delilah I be sure you be gonna tell I . mirabelle charlene . that 's right , you sister . you remember she ? God know she 's be neglect far too long . I be just gonna have to find a way to make it up to she . ( stretch ) Lord know I be not gonna be around forever . for the door . delilah that 's exactly how you operate , be not it , momma ? ulterior motive and veile threat . before you know it , you have get the whole world on a yo - yo . well , you know what , momma ? keep you money . I hope it keep you warm at night . she glide past she mother and out of the room . 77 . int . arena - dressing room -- night kelvin throw on a leather jacket over he gaudy shirt and tie . milling about be best man , Buck , Chuck and tuck . best man you kick that bitch 's ass tonight . kelvin that 's what I do . he adjust he tie and spit on the floor . kelvin let 's blow this popsicle stand . he lead the way out down a long hallway buck what 's next for the k-man ? kelvin ( pump he fist as he fart ) that 's what 's next . I say we grab ourselves some high - quality snapper . chuck I have fish two night ago . tuck he mean pussy , you dumbass . kelvin chucky , have not you get laid yet ? best man hey , maybe we should start a charity . buck the fuck Chuck Fund . whaddya think ? best man more like the upchuck Fund . tuck for as little as fifty - two cent a day , you can send poor chucky here to a prostitute . the entourage laugh its way through the exit door . 78 . ext . arena -- night kelvin and the gang be greet by some flash bulb . a reporter , 30 with super thick hair , approach with a mike . reporter Mr. wingfield , I wonder if I might have a word with you . kelvin stop wonder and ask away . reporter obviously , another victory tonight . superb performance . but the question that 's really on people 's mind involve you ex-fiancée , delilah macintosh . on good mornin ' , Savannah the other day -- kelvin ( raise he hand like a stop sign ) I be aware of the interview . there will not be any fight . so let I stop you right there . I have too much respect for woman to start throw punch at they , I thank you very much . reporter so there 's no chance of that happen . kelvin you catch on quick . reporter you go by the name Sir kelvin . now , be you actually knight by the Queen ? kelvin be that actually you hair ? reporter toupee. ( flinch ) touché . with all due respect , Mr. wingfield , it sound like you ex - mean business . be you aware that she upset gladys the gravedigger ? 79 . kelvin no , I be not aware . but I can not say it surprise I either . int . mall - restaurant -- night a suspend television be tune into kelvin 's interview . on screen kelvin and the reporter walk and talk . reporter so you feel that you ex- fiancée do have enough talent to -- kelvin no , I mean it do not surprise I that the judge would squeeze she through . reporter but the decision be unanimous . kelvin look . she 's real friendly with people . and she like to have a good time . I guess it pay to make yourself available that way . reporter just a sec . be you suggest there be some impropriety on the part of miss macintosh ? kelvin we be just talk . but let I ask you this ... have you ever know a pretty woman to not use look to she advantage ? restaurant delilah watch the tv , she eye crimson with rage . she do a about - face and stomp out of the restaurant . int . mall - formal wear shop -- night delilah barge in , surprising a small salesclerk , 5as , with a distinctive white moustache . he drop a box of hanger . salesclerk ( compose himself ) May I help you , madam ? 80 . delilah yes , I need a tuxedo . size thirty - eight short . verrrrry short . salesclerk look scared . he position himself behind a rack . int . macintosh estate - delilah' bedroom -- night delilah stand in the center of she room , draw on something . she step back a few pace to get a better look . slamman now deck out in a tuxedo and a white bow tie . a pencil moustache , draw in permanent marker , line he upper lip . delilah eye slamman with perfect fury . slowly , she slide on she bag glove . delilah this be gonna hurt you a lot more than it 's gonna hurt I . she unleash hell . int . tandy' boxing gym -- day delilah slink in wear shade . as she pull they off , she spot tandy . they exchange injure look . int . tandy' boxing gym - locker room -- day delilah march over to the sink and set she gym bag on the counter . she pull out a brush . as delilah brushes she hair , she spot slice two sink over , apply makeup . she wear a pale purple blouse . slice scowl at delilah through the reflection . delilah must be hard . slice what ? delilah hatin ' someone you do not even know . slice you mean you ? 81. delilah uh huh . slice I know enough . delilah where be you goin ' all fancie up ? slice what 's it to you ? delilah just makin ' conversation . if you would rather stand here and grimace at each other , I guess that 's fine . ( wrap she ponytail ) get a lunch date ? slice look at delilah askew . she fold slice hank 's take I to that thai restaurant that open up . delilah oh the one on hanover ? I be meanin ' to try that one . by the way , that blush be all wrong for you . ( zip up she gym bag ) slice no it be not . delilah course it be . she arm like a professor eager to pontificate . delilah makeup one - oh-one . you be either cool , cool , cool or warm , warm , warm . slice what ? delilah you have get auburn hair . Nice auburn hair , as a matter of fact . that be a compliment , do not let it fluster you . you colorin ' be both warm and intense . so guess what ? you want you makeup and clothes to match . warm , warm , warm . ( more ) 82 . delilah that blush be too light for you . make you look harsh . and you do not need any help with that . let I see , I might just have somethin’ ... she unzip she gym bag and dump a cornucopia of makeup onto the counter . delilah ( sifting through it ) that one 's too light . no , not that one . here . this will work . Autumn . it will not wash you out . now go on and rinse that stuff off you face . slice hesitates . delilah go on , now . you do not wanna go ona date lookin ' like casper the friendly ghost , do ya ? slice wash she face . delilah here 's a towel . ( toss one from she bag ) nothin ' I like more than a clean slate . now , be that the only shirt you get ? slice I usually wear one at a time . delilah I will see what I get in the car . she skedaddle . slice watch she leave . she look over the abundance of makeup , glimpsis herself in the mirror . she 's just not accustom to this level of attention . int . junior high school - hallway - day Abby walk with she friend , melissa . both carry backpack . melissa I can not believe Mr. hogan be have we do a paper on snail . I mean , what do you say ... they be slow , and slimy , and french people eat they . case close . 83 . ABBY at least we do not have to dissect they . that would really suck . ext . junior high school -- day they exit the building . melissa call I if you be not do anything later . I will come over and show you that boot I get . ABBY later . she veer course , cut across the playground . the sound of running footstep behind she , culminate with the SNAP of Abby 's bra . ABBY cut the shit , you asshole ! tommy willis have get about a hundred pound on Abby , with rosy cheek . his three buddy be skinny and pale . tommy ( mock ) cut the shit , you asshole . the buddy laugh hysterically . tommy why do not you make I ? Abby think about it . she remove the backpack from she shoulder and drop it casually to the ground . ABBY okay . she raise she sleeve and put up she duke . Tommy look at he buddy befuddle : you really think I should fight this girl ? he turn to face Abby , raise he fist . buddy ( chant ) tommy ... Tommy bend he head forward , pump he fist . he peek at Abby through he eyebrow . a evil grin spread out over he face . 84 . they move in a circle . Tommy throw a few weak punch , think it will intimidate Abby . it do not . he decide to go for the stomach . mistake . Abby catch Tommy with a uppercut that bring he to a upright position . this set she up nicely for a one - two that drop he on he ass . the buddy double over laugh . buddy ( chant ) ABBY ... ABBY come on . get up , bubbalicious . Tommy be more staggered than he would like to admit . he can not quite make it to he foot . a final crowd - pleaser : Abby reach into she shirt and undoe she bra . the buddy jump about like they be audition for springer . Abby approach Tommy from behind and manage to clasp the bra around he enormous torso . ABBY you be gonna need a bigger cup size . int . tandy' boxing gym -- night delilah , alone in the corner , affix iron plate toa barbell . by the look of she , she 's be at it all day . she lie down to bench press . manage to lift the bar up . squeeze out three rep . she go for a fourth , bring the weight down to she chest . but that 's it . she 's on empty . delilah struggle but she can not get the bar off she chest . deep breath , one more try . delilah motherfuckin ' horseshit cocksucker fuckin ' piece of shit asshole motherfuckin ' shitstain bitch ! the gym-goer be not accustom to hearing this language from delilah . they look on in sheer horror as she add complexity to she litany of profanity . tandy emerge from she office . tandy ( to gym-goer ) be you fuckin' blind ? she race over and snag the barbell , set it on the rack . delilah 's 85 . tandy try to kill yourself , goldilocks ? too spend to reply . she sit up , gasp for air . tandy should I look outside and see if the moon 's blood red ? delilah huh ? tandy I never hear you swear like that . delilah I save it . special occasion only . tandy I see . how 's the hunt for a trainer go ? delilah it 's goin ' . no , that 's a lie . tell you the truth , I have not be lookin' . tandy why not ? delilah I would not wanna put anyone else through the trouble . tandy whaddya mean ? delilah there 's only so many people you can let down ' fore you start feelin ' ashamed o' yourself . ( lie down on bench ) a lot easier this way . tandy why do not you tell I about want to fight kelvin ? delilah I hear what you say to slice . the day I walk in here . I figure ... ( fight herself ) it 's still no excuse for lyin' . 86 . tandy what make you think he would fight you ? after all this , he could just say no . delilah I s'pose he could . already do it once . guess I do not think that far ahead . tandy or worse , what if he do fight you and kick you tooth in ? say Goodbye to magnolia princess . and how 's that for embarrassing ? get beat up by the guy who leave you at the altar . delilah never say it be gonna be easy . but that 's how I know it 's right . tandy you feel like get outta here for a while ? ext . river -- day delilah and tandy in a rowboat . delilah do all the work . delilah this be a great idea . Nice to be out for a change . tandy ( fix she hair ) so how do you boyfriend -- Nathan , be it ? delilah nate . tandy how do he feel about you box kelvin ? delilah he 's very supportive . tandy be not he worried you might get hurt ? delilah I s'pose so . anything happen , at least he 's a doctor . 87 . tandy yeah , that 's right . the way you two meet . you get yourself a story right there . all this time spend try to hook up at the bar ... I shoulda try the er . delilah ( chuckle ) so uh ... do you have a boyfriend ? tandy no . I do not . a uncomfortable silence . tandy you two have go out quite some time , have not you ? delilah " Bout five month . tandy you think he might be the one ? delilah sure feel like it . tandy how do you know ? delilah ( mull it over ) because I do not have to ask . tandy realize that 's checkmate . she curl she frown of discontent into a smile , for delilah 's sake . tandy you know , you be gonna need to attract more attention if you wanna get kelvin in the ring with you . and for that , you need a gimmick . delilah you mean like a silk jacket with my name sewn on the back ? tandy Hell no . everyone 's get that . we need something bigger . int . arena -- night with tandy at she side , delilah make she way toward the ring in a red hoopskirt . the crowd love she . 88 . montage 1 ) delilah glide toward the ring in a GREEN hoopskirt . 2 ) she electrify the crowd as she knock out she opponent . 3 ) another bout , delilah in a orange hoopskirt . 4 ) delilah , nate and Abby sit on a park bench eat ice cream . delilah so how would it go again ? ABBY ( miming ) uppercut , jab , straight right . delilah good girl . have he bother you since ? ABBY I be not sure we still go to the same school . 5 ) delilah at she locker . she notice that she engagement ring have be return , spot slice sneaking away . 6 ) delilah enter tandy 's office . tandy sit at she desk . delilah do you keep a lose and found ? tandy back here , in a box . delilah can you add this to it ? she hand she the engagement ring . 7 ) Romeo sew a yellow hoopskirt as delilah skip rope . 8 ) delilah enter the ring in a yellow hoopskirt and match parasol . int . office waiting area -- day tandy sit rigidly in a chair , eye a magazine on a table . behind the desk , a buxom receptionist , 20 , without a bra . braless miss Burrows , Mr. naddle will see you now . 89 . int . mr. naddle's office -- day tandy enter . tandy Mr. naddle . mr . naddle , 40s , be a slippery fucker - no really , he be - he pomade start just above he eyebrow and end somewhere around the back of he collar . his smile reveal a assortment of unhealthy color . his suit be circa seventy . mr . naddle Ms. Burrows . what bring you here ? he lean back in he swivel chair and prop up he foot . would not you know , he 's wear beach sandal . eight toe , and only seven of they be equip with a ingrown nail . tandy ( look away ) my client would like to formally challenge you fighter , Mr. wingfield , to a three - round bout . she turn to look he in the eye , but he grin snap she back into shape . mr . naddle I would be happy to run the idea past he ... tandy give in to temptation again . she catch a eyeful of Mr. naddle slip he hand down the front of he pants . tandy ( jerk away ) god. mr . naddle be something the matter ? tandy no. I just ... she look up , in time to see he sniff he excavate hand . tandy ( try not to heave ) you can let I know . I do not want to be late for my pap smear . int . bar -- night delilah sip a mint julep in a corner booth . tandy arrive . 90 . tandy sorry I be late . have a fight with my landlord . delilah that 's okay . tandy whatcha drink there ? delilah mint julep . want one ? tandy no thanks . ( to waitress ) Sam Adams , please . and another julep for she . delilah thanks . tandy do not mention it . delilah ( eager for info ) so ? tandy oh right . I guess one of the tenant complain that I be blast k.d. lang all day . and I be like , grit - for - brain , I be at the gym all day . so it could not be I . besides , I do not even like k.d. lang . so what do this asshole do ? he start search my apartment for k.d. lang . toss pillow , move furniture . I feel like Tim robbin in that -- what be that prison picture ? delilah shawshank redemption . tandy right . can you fuckin ' believe that movie do not win a single oscar ? delilah no , I mean , what would you find out ? do you hear back from he manager ? tandy turn solemn . the dog and pony show 's over . 91 . tandy I be sorry , sweetie . he say no . the bottom fall out from under delilah . delilah why not ? tandy probably cuz he 's scared . but I be sure he will tell he society friend something different . delilah that 's awful . you mean all this be just ... tandy I can see how it feel that way . but look at you , you be in the best shape of you life . you start something that six month ago you probably think you would never do . you meet some new people ... delilah I know but ... tandy ( disappointed ) should count for something . delilah it do but ... I be not sure where I be at if the fight do not happen . tandy you be in a bar . have a drink . with I . she prop she elbow on the table , deject . delilah ( stir she drink ) can I ask you somethin' ? tandy tilt she head . delilah what do you do when it feel like you be just out there , twistin ' in the wind ? tandy I pretend like I be fly . 92 . delilah 's eye drift to a burn mark on the inside of tandy 's forearm . delilah what happen there ? tandy bring she arm down to she lap . tandy it 's nothing . just my ex - . he could be pretty creative sometimes . ext . drive - in -- night delilah find comfort on nate 's shoulder . they watch a grainy black and white film . nate you can always go back to beauty pageant , can not you ? delilah think I be do tryin ' to look the part of someone perfect . smile so darn much , it hurt when I do not . nate do not have to be a bad thing . delilah this might have be the first thing I ever want , that I be sure come from I . my mother have nothin ' to do with it . ( beat ) wanna hear something ' funny ? nate definitely not . delilah kelvin and marney be gettin ' marry this Saturday . saw it in the paper . nate funny page ? delilah naturally . nate we be not invite ? delilah course we be invite . we will be sharin ' a table with three porn star and the Easter Bunny . 93 . nate festive . they share a laugh . delilah God , we have really go off we pecan , have not we ? nate seriously though , they should have invite you . delilah be you out o' you cotton ball pickin ' mind ? nate you sort of bring that two lowlife together , do not you ? delilah make like she 's gonna punch nate in the arm , then ... delilah ( light bulb ) you be right . I do bring that two lowlife together . int . reception hall -- night large group of folk . at the head table , kelvin and marney smooch . best man step up to the mike . best man hello , everyone . good night . er um , I mean , good evening . shoot . I already screw up . kelvin share a chuckle with the folk . best man just wanna say ... how proud I be to be kelvin 's best man . I can still remember the first time I meet marney . marney 's fake smile shrivel a tad . best man she just have ... so much energy . you know ? ton and ton of spunk . Inside of she . and um , I just think the decision be umaninous . I mean , umaminous . no wait . unaminous . sorry . u-nan-i-mous . a few mock cheer . 94 . best man they be just make for each other . the folk applaud . a lean figure amble toward the mike . she wear a bonnet and funky fuchsia shade . delilah good evenin ' . how y'all doin ' ? the disguise come off . buck get down ! she 's get a bomb ! in a loud , ugly rumble the folk hit the deck . delilah do not be silly . I do not have a bomb . or do you just say , she 's the bomb ? she laugh , the folk make they way back up to they chair . delilah honestly , you should move to Hollywood with a imagination like that . kelvin and marney , so nice to see you ... ( wave ) I be sorry to startle you nice folk . I do not make a habit of crashin ' wedding . but I need a large group of understandin ' people , and naturally this be the first place I think of . I would like all y'all to meet my boyfriend , Doctor nate more . nate offer a brief wave from the back of the room . delilah Doctor more work over at County Hospital . and for that of you who do not know , the hospital 's in need of more space . but they lack the necessary fund . some o' the patient there wind up gettin ' treat in the hallway . it 's happen to I . raise you hand if this 's happen to you . the folk look at each other bewilder . delilah go on , do not be shy . some of the older folk raise they hand . 95 . delilah see , nate and I do not care for that . so we go ahead and start up a charity drive . it 's call room to grow . now why be I tellin ' you nice folk this ? well , I would like to take this opportunity to invite Mr. wingfield here to join I in the ring . kelvin smirk at he constituency , wag he finger at delilah . delilah all proceed from the bout would go toward expandin' the hospital . ' fore you know it , y'all will not have to leave you flower out in the hall when you go visit grandma after she fall and break she hip . or when grandpa throw out he back . would not that be nice ? nod and murmur of agreement . delilah I can not speak for kelvin , but I find boxin ' to be empowerin ' , ya know ? it 's change my life entirely . and I just think if there 's a way of improvin ' someone else 's life , by golly I be gonna do it . amazin ' what throwin ' a few punch can do . wanna try it with I ? she throw a slow series of leave and right jab , alternate . delilah come on now . it 's just I . some of the folk begin to jab . one " misfire " and best man fall flat on he back . delilah it not it fun ? everybody ! you , too , bridegroom . ( chant ) kelvin ... kelvin ... kelvin ... the number of folk jabbing , and chant , grow and grow . until the only one leave silent be kelvin and marney . delilah grin from ear to ear as she punch away . she mouth to she ex : " see you in the ring . " 96 . int . kelvin be house - kitchen -- day kelvin brood over the society page . a topless marney plop down in a chair , hold a small gift . bite into she toast . kelvin whatcha get there ? marney delilah 's present . handed it toa bridesmay on she way out . kelvin she 's a clever one , be not she ? marney always be . ever since we be kid . any idea when the fight would happen ? kelvin they be suppose to get in touch with nad tomorrow . if she want the fight so bad , then who be I to stop she ? marney ( unwrap gift ) think it 's poisonous ? kelvin Point that thing away from I . it 's probably radioactive . marney open the box . a naloni bucintoro watch shine bright from inside . marney quickly shut the box . she look down at herself like it just dawn on she that she 's half naked . rushes out of the room with box in hand . kelvin so ... what would she get we ? marney ( 0.s. ) nothing special . I be gonna go get dress . int . macintosh estate - kitchen -- day delilah and Samuel eat breakfast at the table . mirabelle wash dish . SAMUEL so how would it happen ? mirabelle really ? mirabelle she leap 97 . delilah well , it would not be sanction , so I guess we would have to raise the money ourselves to rent out a club . chortle she disapproval . SAMUEL I can think of at least two place that would give you a good rate . mirabelle people should know when they be make total fool of themselves . delilah thanks , daddy . I appreciate you doin ' that . SAMUEL my pleasure , honeybee . mirabelle you be unbelievable , you two . I think you may have retire a bit too early , Samuel . you have far too much time on you hand . SAMUEL you know what ? I think I might have a better idea . delilah what 's that ? SAMUEL why not have it here ? delilah mirabelle absolutely not . turn the water off . SAMUEL why not ? I think we have the space , we could rent another tent . delilah that would be fantastic , daddy ! up and kiss she father on the forehead . mirabelle you can ignore I all you want . but there will be no box match at this house . be that understand ? I will not stand for it . 98 . SAMUEL no . you will stand for it . this be we house . and this be something we daughter want . if you do not want to be part of it , that 's you prerogative . and you loss . mirabelle smashes the dish in the sink and scamper away . delilah be that a rebuttal ? SAMUEL I do not know . the conversation sort of tail off when she run away . they look at each other askew ... then burst out laugh . int . tandy' boxing gym -- day delilah batter a speed bag senseless . delilah kiss my grit . montage 1 ) delilah whale on a heavy bag that hank hold . 2 ) she spar with Romeo who fear for he life . 3 ) slice apply makeup in the mirror . behind she , delilah nod she head approvingly . 4 ) delilah do incline press . tandy spot she . tandy bring it home , goldilocks ! delilah ( strain ) you say you be not gonna call I that . 5 ) she skip rope in the gym parking lot . 6 ) delilah practice slip use the weight rope . romeo be we show on tonight ? delilah it 's a repeat . romeo that bastard ! 99 . 7 ) with music play , she waltze with tandy in the ring . slice waltze with hank outside the ring . 8 ) delilah thrashes slamman , still in he tux . 9 ) she jog through the street of Savannah , pass vendor sell vegetable . delilah swipe a peach . she turn , throw up a hail Mary . the peach hit the vendor in the chest , all over he white shirt . he 's tickle pink . 10 ) delilah 's jog continue . she tail away from the crowd , from the noise , from just about everything , chase a sunset . fade to black title card ( in red ) : fight night the bell toll . int . macintosh estate - guest room -- night kelvin , in red trunk , shadowbox in front of the mirror . Buck , Chuck , tuck and the best man , all dress up , toss around a nerf football . best man never think I would see the inside of this place again . buck yo kel , you be battin ' a thousand in this room , eh ? kelvin damn straight . ( blow snot on floor ) a knock . kelvin motion to Chuck , he answer the door . chuck ( stage whisper ) it 's mitzi . kelvin search the few file in he brain : mitzi ... mitzi ... he turn to the mirror and comb he weeny moustache . kelvin okay , let she in . int . macintosh estate - delilah' bedroom -- night delilah stand in she bathrobe before the full - length mirror . tandy and charlene wrap she hand . 100 . charlene be I do it right ? tandy you be do great . delilah have you be workin ' out ? charlene yup . start on the treadmill . lose seven pound . delilah good for you , it show . charlene thanks . tandy smile at charlene , turn to delilah . ext . macintosh estate -- night marney climb out of she black beamer . two paparazzi appear . paparazzo one there she be . homewrecker extraordinaire . smile for we , Babe . ( snap picture ) marney fuck off . paparazzo two surprise she would show she face here . marney it 's for charity , jerk-off . flash bulb light up the night . int . macintosh estate - hallway -- night marney glide along with a scowl , turn a corner and spot a woman run in the opposite direction . vanish around a corner . marney place she hand on the doorknob to the Guest room , and the door burst open . kelvin and he entourage high - five each other as they exit . they walk right by marney . marney hellooo . I need to talk to you . 101 . kelvin hellooo . box . ( punch the air ) Ring a bell ? marney stand with she mouth agape as they strut away . chuck do this mean I be not a virgin no more ? best man no way , dude . that 's cheatin' . chuck why be that cheating ? buck cuz it be , pencildick . tuck but we will give you a E for effort . ext . macintosh estate - backyard - tent -- night balloon , streamer , confetti . it could pass for a wedding . kelvin and he gang make they way down the aisle . a sell - out crowd of fan greet they with raspberries and catcall . Mr. naddle join the procession , clad in a leopard-skin suit . he smile at the unruly fan , scare some of the child . in the crowd nate and Abby nosh on fry dough . Abby wear a pretty dress , and it look like nate have get himself a haircut . ringside a tall woman in black sit next to marney . her smile reveal a snaggletooth . marney flinch , look down at she new watch . snaggletooth my , that 's purty . ext . macintosh estate - ring -- night kelvin bounce up and down in he silk jacket , loosen up . the Minister , now dress in a tux , straighten he bow tie . minister ( into mike ) dearly belove ... good evening , and welcome ... to the engagement of enragement . the fan hoot and cheer . 102 . minister in this corner , wear red trunk , weigh in at one hundred and twelve noble pound ... sir kelvin wingfield . boo fill the tent . kelvin 's clan diss the fan . Mr. naddle find solace in he pants . the light suddenly go out . a spotlight appear at the entrance to the aisle the brass quintet play the open bar of mendelssohn 's wedding MARCH . stepping forward into the light be ... delilah and SAMUEL Samuel in a tuxedo , and delilah in a wedding dress and veil . in the ring kelvin 's eye widen in terror . the bride and she father walk proudly , smile at each other . team delilah follow : charlene , tandy , slice , hank , Romeo , and the flower girl , scatter magnolia petal . minister ( 0.s. ) lady and gentleman , weigh in at one hundred and eight pound ... the jabbing julep ... the bride who cried ... the Belle from Hell ... delilah macintosh . the crowd erupt . team delilah take the ring by storm . jumping , hopping , dance , whatever you like . delilah meet kelvin in the center of the ring for the stare down delilah push she veil out of the way , stare through kelvin . kelvin I will go easy on you , do not worry . delilah do not make promise you can not keep . 103 . kelvin do he best to hide he fear . delilah' corner tandy take delight in tear off delilah 's dress . delilah that 's as close as I come to a honeymoon . kelvine corner kelvin put in he mouth guard . best man watch out , kel. here come the -- bell . delilah charge at kelvin , throttles he with a right . best man bride . delilah unleash a flurry of jab that back kelvin into a corner . he cover up . kelvin then surprise she with a right uppercut . kelvin you like that ? I be savin ' it . delilah drop back to the center of the ring . kelvin I be glad we have this time to catch up . get ready to be whoope , honeybunch . he land a double jab . delilah I would throw a low blow , but that would not do any good . she throw a body shot , but he parry it . kelvin counter with a one - two that stun she . kelvin by the time I be do with you , you will not be able to model for fangoria . he deliver a triple jab . delilah I bet you say that to all the lady . tandy ( 0.s. ) keep you cool , delilah ! 104 . kelvin slip she leave hook and counter with a right cross . kelvin rain down punch . delilah 's save by the bell . delilah' corner hank set down a stool . Romeo and slice tend to she eye . tandy what 's all this talk ? this be not therapy . keep you guard up and you mouth shut . slice do not waste any o' you energy talk to that scumbag . romeo this guy take it in the ass , delilah . believe I . they all turn to look at Romeo . kelvine corner Mr. naddle rub vaseline under kelvin 's eye . mr. naddle you do not owe this girl nothing . take she out in the second so we can all get hummer and go home . the bell . delilah walk straight into a combination by kelvin . she counter with a body shot that make he laugh . kelvin you never could go down , could you . delilah throw a triple jab but he slip all of they easily . a straight right open delilah 's leave eye . kelvin ohpp . somebody get a booboo . delilah downshift to she box step , throw up weak jab . kelvin be we dance now ? be that what we be do ? a uppercut throw she off balance and out of rhythm . delilah sneak a peek at tandy who for the first time look worried . 105 . she turn back and kelvin drop she with a right cross ! delilah' head swim as the referee count , a flashback of delilah win she first beauty pageant . mirabelle sneer from the audience . delilah struggle to she foot at the count of seven . kelvin charge , right into a juicy low blow . referee nothing below the belt . delilah ( smirk ) I agree . the bell . kelvin worm back to he corner . ringside charlene spy mirabelle peek from delilah 's bedroom window . mirabelle back out of view , trip over slamman . meanwhile , snaggletooth suck on a cigar . she blow a smoke ring toward kelvin . snaggletooth man , he butt sure dud not quit , do it ? some thang never change ... marney you know he ? snaggletooth you could say that . him and that cast of character he hang around with . not a single one of ‘em know how to satisfy a woman , but together they sure do make music . marney what do you mean ? snaggletooth I like to think of it as group therapy . now -- kelvin -- he 's the smallest one o' the bunch . she use she cigar as a visual aid . 106 . snaggletooth but let I tell ya ... that boy ... he can really shoot . ( wipe she mouth ) marney pull back in disgust . marney how long ago be this ? snaggletooth ( eye marney 's watch ) I dunno , what time you get ? delilah' corner blood trickle from she eye . slice press down on it . tandy this guy humiliate you in front of everyone . you remember ? now 's you chance to make it right . delilah I think you say boxin ' be not about anger . tandy who say anything about get angry ? the bell . they meet in the center of the ring . referee touch glove and fight . delilah I be not touchin ' he . he 's probably be with ev'ry woman here . and marney , too . kelvin grin . they stand toe- to- toe , eyeing each other . kelvin I have a confession to make . ( jab ) delilah erectile dysfunction be highly treatable this day . ( jab ) kelvin marney and I fuck on we wedding day . ( leave hook ) 107 . delilah well lollipop to you . do you do she in the reception hall or in the rectory ? ( right cross ) kelvin no I mean we fuck on our wedding day . while he 's busy gesticulate " I and you " , delilah deposit a straight right , right in the kisser . kelvin hold on now . a flashback of delilah swinging and miss on she wedding day . back to present . same punch . she connect . kelvin take it easy , honeybunch . another flashback of another miss . back to present . she rock he world . delilah still think you be gonna whoop I ? kelvin I do . delilah what be that ? kelvin I do . delilah now be that so hard to say ? she unload a left hook that spin she ex- fiancé like a top . down to the mat ! the fan go nut ! delilah ( stand over he ) capeesh ?! a trumpeter play tap as the referee count down kelvin . he 's out ! team delilah rush the ring . charlene place a pageant tiara atop she sister 's head . 108 . charlene no sense have it collect dust . they hug . Samuel ruffle delilah 's hair . SAMUEL I be proud of you . delilah thanks , daddy . you , too . meanwhile , hank and Romeo stir the fan into a frenzy , chant : delilah , delilah ... even slice join in . delilah turn and tandy kiss she full on the lip . tandy I mean ... congratulation ! delilah ( blushes ) thanks ! as she wave to the crowd , nate and Abby enter the ring . nate tap the Minister on the shoulder . kelvin begin to snap out of it , just in time to see nate get down on one knee in the center of the ring with mike in hand . the crowd go apeshit . it dawns on delilah to turn around and see what all the hubbub be about . her eye pop . nate miss delilah , will you marry I ? ( brandish the ring ) delilah " deed I will . nate slide the engagement ring onto she finger it cover the mark leave by the old one . she beam . they kiss . confetti fill the air surround they . fade out the end