when a stranger call written by Steve feke and Fred Walton shoot draft fade in : ext . suburban STREET - night a quiet upper-middle class neighborhood . the camera be at the curb , look down the street . there be no sidewalk . tree arch overhead . cicadas drine on the soundtrack . the open title briefly fade in and out , frame by the tree on either side of the street . footstep be hear approach . as the picture title fade , out of the dark emerge a girl 17 year old , carry schoolbook . this be jill . camera pan with she ninety degree as she come to the front of a house and stop . light be on in the bottom half of the house , and the curtain across the window be open . a single light burn in the upper right side of the house , presumable in a bedroom , but the curtain in the room be draw . a scene title appear on the lower half of the screen : 8 pm Tuesday , March 23 , 1971 the title fade , and Jill head up the walk to the front door of the house . the light in the upper floor of the house be turn off . int . house - front hall a middle - age doctor be stand at the foot of the stair . his wife be descend the stair , put on she earring . she be in a obvious hurry . wife where 's the girl ? doctor I only call she ten minute ago -- wife ( pass into live room ) I make we reservation for 8:15 . we be go to be late . the doorbell ring . doctor here she be now . he cross to the front door and open it . the girl smile at he uncomfortably from outside . jill Dr. minakis ? doctor mandrakis . it 's okay . everyone get it wrong the first time . you be Jill ? come on in . jill ( enter ) thank you . the wife come back into the front hall . wife I have write the number of the restaurant on the notepad by the phone . ( to Doctor ) Zip I up , will you please ? ( to Jill ) if we be not home in two hour , it mean we have decide to go on to a movie and will not be back until after midnight . be that all right ? jill sure . doctor ( help wife on with she coat ) I have tell my service to pick up any call come in to my office phone . wife the child be asleep upstairs -- first door on you leave at the top of the landing . they be both just get over a cold -- so try not to wake they . jill okay . wife do you have any question ? Jill shake she head . wife we have to go now . we be late . they cross to the front door and begin to exit . doctor make yourself at home . the refrigerator 's load . wife ( pull doctor through the door ) Goodbye . the doctor poke he head back through the door . doctor we even have some low - fat yogurt . wife ( o.s. ) will you please come on ! doctor bye . the doctor pull the door shut behind he . Jill turn toward the live room . pause . she walk into the live room and set she book down on a table with the telephone on it . o.s. we hear the car door close , the engine start up , then the car back out the driveway and head down the street . CUT to : int . dine room - later it be dark . o.s. we hear the phone in the live room be lift off its receiver , a dial tone , then a number be dial . pause , then ringing . camera slowly dolly from the dining room , across the front hall and into the live room where we see Jill talk over the phone to a girlfriend , nancy . nancy ( o.s. ) hello ? jill Nancy ? nancy ( o.s. ) hello , Jill ? how 's it go ? ( out of phone ) I get it , dad ! ( beat ) Father ! ( into phone again ) Jesus Christ ! my father 's in one of he mood again . male menopause , you know . so how be you ? jill all right . nancy ( o.s. ) be you over at Dr. mandrakis ' ? jill yeah , I have be here for about a hour already . nancy ( o.s. ) be not it a neat house ? jill I guess ... I have not look around very much . nancy ( o.s. ) do you see he kid ? jill no , they be asleep when I get here . nancy ( o.s. ) they be really cute . so what can I do for you ? jill you do not happen to talk to billy today , do you ? nancy ( o.s. ) yeah , I talk to he . jill do he say anything about I ? pause . nancy ( o.s. ) I do not know what you do to he , or say to he , or what ... but he 's really piss off at you ! what do you do ? jill it 's what I do not do . nancy ( o.s. ) ( sarcastic ) yeah , I can imagine . jill do I a favor , nance . nancy ( o.s. ) what . jill do you think you will be talk with billy some time tonight ? nancy ( o.s. ) prabably . I be go to the library in a few minute . I just have to get out of this house ! ( beat ) hey ! why do not billy and I come over there ? he will come along if I tell he to . jill that be not what I have in mind . nancy ( o.s. ) you will be safe with billy . I will be there . come on . jill Nancy , all you want to do be come over here and get drunk . nancy ( o.s. ) who ? I ? jill ( mimick ) who ? I ? nancy ( o.s. ) you want to see billy , do not you ?! jill I have get a lot of work to do . I do not want you come over ! Long pause . nancy ( o.s. ) you know what you problem be , Jill , be you be so straight . I really mean that . you go to a private school , you wear a bra . no one can have a good time with you ! ( beat ) you know , billy ask I to go out with he this weekend , and I be really really tempt because I like billy ... a lot ... as much as you do . but I tell he I could not , that I do not think it be right because you be my friend -- jill you be my friend . pause . nancy ( o.s. ) yeah . I guess so . jill listen , just give billy the number here , but do not tell he I tell you to . okay ? pause . nancy ( o.s. ) okay . I have get to go now . jill okay , Nancy . bye . and thank you . nancy ( o.s. ) yeah . bye . Jill make a face at the phone and hang up . she try to go back to she homework , but she cannot . CUT to : int . live room - later Jill be work now , diligently . the phone ring . she pick it up . jill hello ? there be a brief pause ; then the line go dead and a dial tone cut in . Jill hang up and go back to work . pause . the phone ring again . Jill pick it up . jill billy ?... a voice speak on the other end of the phone . duncan ( o.s. ) have you check the child ? jill what ? the line go dead . dial tone . Jill hang up and go right back to work . CUT to : int . live room - later Jill sit at the table as before , do she homework , smoking a cigarette . the phone ring . Jill pick it up . jill hello ? duncan ( o.s. ) have you check the child ? jill Mrs. mandrakis ? the line go dead . dial tone . Jill hang up and look off into space , think . o.s. we hear a faint rattling noise from somewhere in the house . Jill hear it too . she stub out she cigarette , get up from the table and walk out of the live room . int . hallway Jill enter the hallway and pause . then she start walk slowly down the hall to the kitchen door . again the rattling noise o.s. , only louder this time . Jill stop dead , listen , then continue forward even more cautiously . int . kitchen as Jill enter . she can not find the lightswitch , so she stand in the darkness listen . again the rattle , very close now . Jill turn she head sharply , then walk to the refrigerator and open it . it be only the automatic icemaker create the rattle . Jill take a piece of cake from the refrigerator and leave the kitchen . int . live room Jill be sit at the table , polish off the cake . then , the phone ring . Jill stand up quickly and pick up the phone . jill hello ! pause . duncan ( o.s. ) have you check the child ? jill billy ! I do not think this be very funny ! pause . " billy " do not answer . jill ... who be this ? the line go dead . Jill stand freeze beside the table with the phone in she hand as the dial tone get louder and louder . CUT to : int . live room - moment later Jill be stand at the wet bar in the corner , pour herself a drink . she sample the alcohol , do not cough , and start to pour a little more into the glass . the phone ring . Jill turn , then slowly walk to the table , kneel down and quietly pick up the phone and bring it to she ear . she wait and listen , a full three second . no sound come to she . she quickly hang up the phone before the silence can be break by the voice she know be wait on the other end . then , she shuffles through she book and papers on the table - top until she find the notepad the doctor 's wife have leave for she with the name and phone number of the restaurant . Jill pick up the phone and dial . after several ring ... maitre d' ( o.s. ) Golden bull ... jill hello , I would like to speak to Dr. mandrakis . this be he babysitter . maitre d' ( o.s. ) hold on a minute . Jill wait for several second until the maitre D ' come back on the line . maitre d' ( o.s. ) hello ? jill yes ? maitre d' ( o.s. ) Dr. mandrakis leave the restaurant about forty minute ago . jill forty minute ? maitre d' ( o.s. ) that 's right . jill ( after a beat ) okay . thank you . she hang up , think for a moment , then pick up the phone again and dial " o " ... operator ( o.s. ) Operator ... jill hello , Operator ? can you get I the police ? operator ( o.s. ) be this a emergency ? jill yes ! ( beat ) no , not really . operator ( o.s. ) the number be 555-9431 . would you like I to connect you ? jill please . pause . man' voice ( o.s. ) seventh precinct , sergeant sacker . jill hello , I have be get phone call , every fifteen minute or so . I think it 's a man . he 's try to scare I . sacker ( o.s. ) a anonymous caller ? jill that 's right . sacker ( o.s. ) have he threaten you ? jill no . sacker ( o.s. ) have he be use obscene language ? jill no . he just keep call I . sometimes he do not say anything . sacker ( o.s. ) there 's really nothing we can do about it down here . be the phone list in you name ? jill no , I be just the babysitter . sacker ( o.s. ) it 's probably just some weirdo . the city 's full of they . believe it or not , we get report like this every night . it 's nothing to worry about . jill oh ... sacker ( o.s. ) have you try whistling ? jill what ? sacker ( o.s. ) if you can find a good loud whistle somewhere in the house , blow it into the phone hard , next time he call . probably break he eardrum . he will not bother you after that . jill no , I ... you be probably right . it 's nothing to worry about . sacker ( o.s. ) or you could just take you phone off the hook . jill no , the people I be babysit for might try to reach I . sacker ( o.s. ) well , as I say , there 's nothing we can really do to help you down here . jill okay . thank you . sacker ( o.s. ) you bet . goodnight . jill goodnight . Jill hang up . after think for a moment , she try a couple of way of whistling as loud as she can , but frustrated and feel foolish , she soon give up . CUT to : int . live room - later Jill be sit in a armchair face the tv set . the tv be on , but she be bored . she run through several channel , then get up and turn the tv off . she look around and move aimlessly back to the table , but o.s. a dog be bark and she be draw to the window . a car pass outside , its light reflect off the window and Jill 's face . then the phone ring . Jill move quickly from the window to the table and answer the phone . jill hello ? pause . duncan ( o.s. ) why have not you check the child ? stun , Jill hang up the phone . she turn and go slowly back to the window . she pull the shutter close in front of the window . then she walk out of the live room . int . front hall Jill go to the front door , turn the bolt and draw the chain across the door . then she start to go upstairs . the phone ring . she stop halfway up the stair . she turn and come back down the stair to answer the phone , but then think better of it . she sit on the bottom step and let the phone ring and ring ... finally , it stop . Jill get up and head into the live room . int . live room Jill go to the table , pick up the phone and dial ... sacker ( o.s. ) seventh precinct , sergeant sacker . jill I call you before ... about the man who keep call I ? sacker ( o.s. ) oh , yeah . jill he call I again . sacker ( o.s. ) do you try whistling ? jill no , he 's out there somewhere . sacker ( o.s. ) out where ? jill in the neighborhood . he 's be watch I ... through the window . sacker ( o.s. ) do you see he ? jill no . I know he 's there . sacker ( o.s. ) be the house lock up ? jill yes . sacker ( o.s. ) and the window ? jill yes. everything . sacker ( o.s. ) then you be safe . if he want to break in , he would not be call you . pause . jill please , can not you help I ? I be all alone . sacker ( o.s. ) tell you what . if this guy call you again -- jill he will call again ! I know he will ! sacker ( o.s. ) okay , calm down now . I can alert the phone company so that if he call again we can try to trace the call . what 's you number there ? jill 555-0672 . sacker ( o.s. ) and the address ? jill 3317 oakridge drive . sacker ( o.s. ) oh , yeah , I know where that be . all right . if the guy call again , try to keep he on the line for at least a minute so we can trace the call . jill but he never stay on that long ! sometimes he hang up after just a couple of second . sacker ( o.s. ) it 's the only way we can help you . ( beat ) by the way , what 's you name ? jill Jill Johnson . sacker ( o.s. ) Jill , the important thing be to relax . you be safe where you be . we have get patrolmen cruise the area all night long . just stay calm . will you do that for I ? jill yes . sacker ( o.s. ) in the meantime , we will be watch you line . okay , Jill ? jill okay . sacker ( o.s. ) call again if there 's any problem . jill thank you . sacker ( o.s. ) goodnight . Jill hang up the phone and look forlornly off into space . CUT to : int . live room - later Jill be sit on the sofa , a drink in one hand , a cigarette in the other . she be wait . she set she glass down , stub out the cigarette , lean back and sigh . she be very tense . then the phone ring . she rise from the sofa and slowly cross to the table . she sit down and pick up the phone . during this conversation it become apparent that the voice have a slight English accent . jill hello ? pause . duncan ( o.s. ) it 's I . jill I know . who be you ? pause . no answer . jill I will not be here much longer . the doctor and he wife be come home soon . duncan ( o.s. ) I know . jill can you see I ? duncan ( o.s. ) yes . jill ( turn toward the window ) I be sorry I turn the light down . it do not work anyway . I can turn they back up if you like -- duncan ( o.s. ) do not . jill do not ? ( beat ) you have really scared I . be that what you want ? ( beat ) be that what you want ? duncan ( o.s. ) no. jill what do you want ? duncan ( o.s. ) you blood ... all over I . pause . Jill be terrify . jill you do not know I . you do not know who I be or where I live . I will get Dr. mandrakis to drive I home . him or the police . duncan ( o.s. ) you have call the police ? pause . Jill search for some way of answer he . jill I want to talk to you . the line go dead . Jill hang up . she stand . she start to shake . the phone ring and Jill snatch it up . jill leave I alone ! sacker ( o.s. ) Jill , this be sergeant sacker ! listen to I ! ( beat ) we have trace the call . it 's come from within the house . a squad car 's on its way over there now ... just get out of that house ! Jill hang up . she stand freeze in shock . several second go by . she do not move . then the phone ring . she turn and tiptoe toward the front door . halfway there , the phone stop ringing . she pause for a second , then continue . int . front hall Jill reach the front door . carefully , quietly , she turn the bolt . then o.s. she hear a creak . she turn and look up the staircase . at the top , a door be open . someone be come out ! a mumble sound be hear on the sound track . Jill whirl around back to the door and yank at it . it open , but only a inch . the chain be still across it ! she frantically work to get the chain free . after agonizing second , the chain fall clear and the door swing open . stand there on the other side of the door , be a police detective , JOHN clifford . ( we have cut ahead in time some twenty or thirty minute . ) behind he on the street , several patrol car and a ambulance be pull up at the curb , they domelight silently flash . clifford be the parent here yet ? cop' voice ( o.s. ) yeah , they arrive about ten minute ago . clifford Christ ! ( beat ) what a homecome ! cop' voice ( o.s. ) they want to talk to someone . I ask they to wait until you get here . come on in . clifford sigh and step into the front hall . the door be close by the uniform cop with whom clifford have be speak . the cop be a man in he thirty . his name be charle garber . garber and clifford stand in the front hall and talk as policemen and ambulance attendant move around they . in the live room beyond can be see several other policemen , Dr. mandrakis and he wife . garber we be only a block away when the call go out . when we get here , the guy be still wait upstairs in the child 's bedroom . he be cover with blood . clifford blood ? garber not he own . the child have be dead for several hour . clifford Jesus ... garber he would be use a old phone in they bedroom that the parent have never have disconnect . clifford who be he ? garber we find a merchant seaman 's card on he . he 's English . entere the country less than a week ago . clifford how about the babysitter ? garber she 's go to be all right . as garber deliver he final line , we see ambulance attendant dress in white , take a sheet - cover stretcher out the front door . fade out : fade in : ext . STREET - later afternoon a upper-class neighborhood . the camera be face down the street . a car approach the intersection at the end of the block , turn and come slowly up the street . because it be not a new car or a expensive car , and because it be move at a rate which suggest that its sole male occupant be look for house number , we can assume that the driver be a visitor to this neighborhood . the camera pan with the car ninety degree as it turn into the semi-circular driveway of a mansion and roll up to the front door . a title appear across the bottom of the screen : 4:30 pm Thursday , April 20 , 1978 as the title fade , the driver shut off the car engine and open the door to get out . CUT to : int . mansion - day the doorbell ring . a houseboy come into the front hall , go to the door and open it for the visitor . it be John clifford , the detective from six year ago . he have age noticeably over the year . his hair be grayer , he stance not so aggressive , but he eye still smoulder with the accumulate frustration of have spend year in a uncertain , sometimes unsatisfy , and frequently unsafe occupation . no word be exchange as the houseboy lead clifford across the entrance hall and up a impose flight of stair . still keen in he observation of thing , clifford quickly take in this new atmosphere . the house be richly decorate but with a underlying theme of melancholy . there be no bright or cheerful furnishings , and the houseboy advance with guard tread , he face steady and reverent . the houseboy stop before a door at the top of the staircase and rap lightly on it with he knuckle . without wait for a answer , he open the door and step aside for clifford to enter . clifford pause briefly , then walk into what appear to be a upstairs study . int . study - day a man be sit behind a desk which face the door . presumably he be the master of the house . although he face be hide in shadow , we can see from he hand that he be engage in write something down . clifford quietly approach the desk and take a seat in front of it . then , vaguely in keep with the spirit of the house , he wait to be speak to rather than interrupt the pervasive stillness . after a moment , the master of the house lay down he pen and lean back in he chair . pause . master so you be in business for yourself now . clifford ( quietly ) yes , sir , for the past three and a half year . master that 's good . ( beat ) and you would hear about curt Duncan 's escape ? clifford oh , yes . master do you think the police will ... find he ? pause . clifford I know they have not assign anyone to it specifically . it 's a old case . master ( a tinge of bitterness ) a old case . ( beat ) can you find he ? clifford yes . maybe not tomorrow , maybe not this week , but I will find he . master he could be anywhere by now . clifford I do not think so ... because he 's a foreigner . he will come back to the city . after six year in confinement , it 's the only place that 's familiar to he . that 's important . pause . master a man murder two child in cold blood . a jury declare he insane . how could such a person not be ? clifford lower he eye , do not answer . master he be send to a state mental institution where the security be ... less than perfect . and he escape . it ... it be not fair . the master of the house lean way forward over he desk , and he face come out of the shadow and into the light . it be Dr. mandrakis . he seem much older . his complexion be pallid . his eye stare out from beneath he brow like a wounded animal hide in a dark cave . mandrakis a thing like that should never be allow to happen again . clifford I could not agree with you more . they look at each other for a long moment of acknowledgment . then mandrakis stand up with a sigh . mandrakis go ahead then . my accountant will contact you . clifford stand and they shake hand . clifford thank you . ( beat ) how be Mrs. mandrakis ? mandrakis she be ... unable to have any more child . clifford I be sorry . please give she my best . mandrakis of course . clifford turn to go . int . mansion - staircase &amp ; entrance hall as clifford find he own way down the stair and out the front door . a woman watch clifford leave from the back of the staircase . it be Mrs. mandrakis . as with she husband , the change in she be remarkable . she be now a brood , barren woman . o.s. the front door close . clifford be go . Mrs. mandrakis walk around the front of the stair and begin slowly ascend they . the houseboy silently step into the entrance hall from a side door and watch she . CUT to : int . a hallway - mental institution - day a male patient wear green , institutional pajamas and slipper shuffles slowly up the hall . his movement be catatonic , unfocus . can musak faintly underscore the scene . man' voice ( o.s. ) curt Duncan be not go to run right out and kill more child . I be not worried about that . angle on clifford stand in the doorway of a office , face into the hall , watch the patient . man' voice ( o.s. ) we have he for six year ... under continuous therapy , some of it rather forceful ... angle on patient move past camera . he be really out of it . it be a depress , vaguely unnerve sight . man' voice ( o.s. ) ... and drug ... tranquilizers depressant , lithium ... angle on clifford he turn and go back into the office . int . office - day we see now the man who 's be talk -- the director of the State Hospital , dr . monk . he be sit comfortably behind he desk ; he jacket off , he tie loosen , he foot up on the desk . he be very matter - of - fact . dr . monk eventually , anyone will respond to the treatment here . clifford sit down in front of the desk , pick up a folder and leaf through it . clifford you give he electric shock ? dr . monk yeah , we zap he a few time . it 's fairly standard . clifford it say here thirty - eight ... thirty - eight time . monk shrug , then yawn expansively . he need not justify himself to the layman . clifford what will happen to he now , without the drug he be on ? dr . monk' secretary enter the office and hand he a folder . without interrupt the delivery of he line , monk take the folder , open it , initial something on the inside , close the folder and hand it back to the secretary who turn and leave the office without uttering a word . dr . monk there will be some deterioration . that 's inevitable , but we can not say how much . pause . clifford look at the doctor as if question he casual assessment of " some deterioration . " clifford during the time that you have he here , do you discover any particular habit of he , peculiarity , quirk , anything that might help I find he ? dr . monk ( shrugging again ) it 's all in the folder . clifford any letter from people back in England ? family ? dr . monk that , too , be in the folder . clifford direct a bleak look back down at the open folder , then look up again , he eye narrowing . clifford let 's get something straight here , Doctor . I have be 33 year in the business of tracking people down and put they away . I spend almost a year on curt Duncan alone , with the trial , the testimony , the background investigation . I do not come here today to look in you goddamn folder . in fact , I would not have come here at all if you would do you job right . pause . dr . monk Mr. clifford , this be a hospital , not a penitentiary . everything that pertain to one of we patient be meticulously record in that patient 's folder ... whether you can make sense of it or not . they glare at each other for several second . monk be the first one to look away . dr . monk curt Duncan be a classic paranoid - schizophrenic . they see themselves as victim , and they always blame other people for the way they be . when Duncan kill the mandrakis kid , it be not a act of hostility against the child but against they parent . he be get back at he own parent for trauma he suffer in early childhood . the criminal side of curt Duncan be one of terrible , symbolic vengeance . clifford ( look up ) assume he be not find right away ... what will happen to he ? monk rise and walk to a window . dr . monk I think you will find he . somebody will find he . he can not function out there . he will make a mistake . ( turn to face clifford ) this be where he belong . after six year in here , he 's suddenly go out to confront the world again . I think he 's in for a bit of a shock . monk look back out the window . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - late afternoon not a terribly good section of town . we be look at the nondescript exterior of a bar across the street . int . bar this be not a slum bar , but it 's close . there be a few table and chair and a pool table in the back . the atmosphere be quiet , almost depressed , and the handful of regular here be exercise they privacy without have to be alone . they include : hank , the bartender , also the owner , who absently polish thing with he cloth ; tracy , a unemployed woman in she mid-forty who sit at the bar with a drink and a cigarette and silently rummages through she current feeling -- none of they new or particularly hopeful ; a couple , probably retire , sit at the same table they come to every afternoon at this time -- he for he beer , she for a glass of sweet white wine ; and bill , at the pool table , a young man lithe and powerful , mind he own business and play he game of pool with a steady , aggressive concentration . retired man rackin ' them up today , Bill ? pause . bill ( over he shoulder ) doin ' all right . the old man smile stupidly around the room . he rack them up a little in he day , too . his smile fade as he look at he wife . he take a sip of beer and lapse into memory . then the door open to the outside and the yellow - orange light of late afternoon flood into the bar . the regular turn to glimpse who 's come in . they see the figure of a man silhouett in the doorway . he stand there for a long moment , not come in . finally even Bill interrupt he game to turn and look . hank c'mon in and shut the door . the intruder enter , indecisively . the door swing shut behind he , plunging the room back into darkness . this man be " a little weird " , and the regular continue to stare at he until he make he way to a table near the wall and sit down . then everyone return to he own thought . hank ( after a moment ) what will it be ? ( pause , no answer ) hey ! what will it be ? closeup - intruder a bit startle , a bit defensive toward the directness of this question . it be curt Duncan . he look understandably harry . he have not sleep or shave in at least a couple of day , and be wear regular clothing . he clear he throat to answer ... clifford ( o.s. ) what kind of clothes be he wear ... when he escape ? CUT to : int . dr . monk' office - day clifford be look through the folder again . dr . monk ordinary street clothes . not all of we patient have to wear the green gucci gowns . clifford do he have any money with he ? dr . monk probably . but not more than , say , fifty dollar . some of the patient be give little job around the ward , for which they be pay . it 's part of the rehabilitation . look down , clifford pause over a page in the folder . closeup - fact sheet in folder a page of legibly organize fact and statistic about curt Duncan . one of the entry read : guy du marraux . clifford ( o.s. ) ( read ) what 's guy du Mar -- dr . monk ( o.s. ) ( pronounce it correctly ) guy du marraux syndrom . back to scene dr . monk it 's a psycho-motor dysfunction . clifford Duncan have it ? dr . monk only from time to time , which be unusual . clifford what be it ? dr . monk it attack the nervous system . people suffer from it be irresistibly compel to utter obscenity , sometimes one , sometimes a whole string of they . they can not control it . clifford ( somewhat take aback ) be you be serious ? dr . monk yeah . here , I will give you a example . he open a file cabinet drawer , find a reel of quarter - inch magnetic tape and start to thread it through a recorder on he desk . dr . monk Duncan never have the twitch that sometimes go with it . and with Duncan , as I say , the disease would only manifest itself in period of extreme anxiety . when he be really flipping out , in other word . there be a pause as monk fiddle with the tape recorder and clifford look back down at the folder . clifford Duncan be Catholic ? dr . monk yeah . ( beat ) so be I . clifford ( mildly surprised ) that make three of we . dr . monk be that right ? so we all share the same guilt . clifford smile . monk keep fiddling . dr . monk here . this be curt Duncan shortly after he be admit here in 1972 . monk turn on the tape recorder as clifford sit forward in he chair to listen . at first , nothing can be hear . then there be a click as if the machine be turn on in the middle of a conversation : dr . monk ( o.s. ) -- to put the situation right . the hypodermic needle be only use to give you medication that will calm you down . they make you feel good , relaxed . all right ? ( no answer ) we be not put anything in you food either . the food be just food . duncan ( o.s. ) ( extremely agitate ) no . I do not eat the food . it do not taste right . dr . monk ( to clifford ) that 's Duncan . clifford nod and keep listen : dr . monk ( o.s. ) curt , why be you fidget ? can not you get comfortable ? duncan ( o.s. ) no , I be not comfortable ! dr . monk ( o.s. ) wait a -- hey ! ( to someone else ) hold he down there . grab he ! never mind the chair ! there be scuffling noise underneath which can be hear , heavy breathe and then , get louder and more furious , Duncan fall into the throes of guy du marraux . dr . monk ( o.s. ) ( periodically interject ) pull he down ... that 's right ... just lay he out ... Lay he right out ... steady ... pull out he knee ... finally monk be hear no more and Duncan continue with the frightening verbal torrent of guy du marraux . dissolve to : int . bar - late afternoon - closeup - duncan sitting at he table inside the bar . he take a long , noisy drink from what look like a bourbon on the rock . it taste good , be the first real drink he 's have in over six year . but Duncan can not relax enough to enjoy it fully . his eye be ever restlessly , suspiciously move about . angle on bar as Bill walk up and stand next to Tracy . hank move off to get Bill another beer . Tracy look up at Bill and smile . as regular at the same bar , they be loose and comfortable with each other . tracy ( sotto voce ) a little action for you game ? bill ( sotto voce ) what , he ? they both turn and look across the room at Duncan . Pov - duncan as Bill and Tracy look straight at he over they shoulder and then turn back . angle on bar as they both smile at she joke . tracy I would not bet against you . bill what 's the matter ? you do not like I play with myself ? Tracy grimace as hank come back with Bill 's beer . Bill pick up the bottle , nod he thanks to hank and head back to the pool table . closeup - duncan as he eye follow Bill to the pool table , then come back to Tracy at the bar . Pov - duncan look at the back of Tracy . she reach into she purse . on tracy she take she pack of cigarettes from the purse . she pull out a cigarette , tap it lightly on the bar , put it to she lip . o.s. we hear the sound of a match be strike . wider angle Duncan be stand beside she hold a light match . he shove it forward at she . it go out . Duncan fumble for another match as Tracy regards he with undisguise repulsion . Duncan get the second match light and hold it out for she . she accept the favor and light she cigarette . Duncan smile . Tracy nod and turn away . Duncan be still hold the burn match for she to blow out . as it do not look like she 's go to , he let it drop , still light , to the floor . reaction shot - bartender he give a look as if to say , " Jesus , what a fuckin ' weirdo " . two shot - duncan and tracy pause . Duncan be still smile at she . duncan hi. no response . duncan what you be up to ? tracy ( look at he ) my own business . ( beat ) thanks for the light . okay ? the englishman sit down beside she , but do not look at she . Tracy look away too , determine to ignore he , not to let he get into she space . Duncan cough . after a long moment , he turn back to she . duncan next round 's on I . Tracy keep she eye straight ahead , acknowledge nothing . pause . Duncan take some money from he pocket and lay it on the bar , stare at she . Tracy turn to he : tracy ( annoyed ) listen , mister , I have get my own money . so , if you do not mind ... she look away again . pause . duncan after what I be through , I do not mind anything . long pause . duncan see , that 's the whole point . my mind ... you mind ... where do they fit in ? you know what I mean ? Tracy abruptly pick up she purse and move down the bar away from he one seat , then another seat . angle on elderly couple they be watch this little spectacle with grow curiosity . angle on duncan still look at she . by point at what she have , he order two more drink from the bartender . when they arrive , he take a big swallow from one , pick up the other , stand , move down the bar and sit beside Tracy again . duncan ( set she drink before she ) do you live around here ? tracy get offa I !! reaction shot even Bill now look up from the pool table . his expression darken . angle on bar Tracy have clamm up -- she elbow on the bar , head between she elbow , arm cover she ear , hand clasped behind she neck . Duncan look at she nervously and start to talk again : duncan ( rapidly ) listen , I do not mean nothin' . I do not live around here . see -- ? bill ( o.s. ) I think the lady want to be leave alone . Duncan look up . Bill enter the frame and stand in front of Tracy , confront Duncan . closeup - duncan look up at Bill , he eye red , he gaze unsteady . wider angle the air be charge with tension . bill I think a apology be in order . Duncan do not know how to handle this . he look at Bill , half shrug , half smile . bill that the best you can do ? Duncan look away . a long moment pass . bill I think you would better just move along , pal . Duncan do not move , say nothing . he swallow hard . hank he will be okay now , Bill . he just -- bill no ! I want he out of here ! the bartender step back , decide to mind he own business . Tracy get up from she seat and cautiously move even further down the bar . bill ( to Duncan ) go on , beat it . they glare at each other . the longer Duncan sit there without move , without say anything , the angrier Bill get . reaction shot as the tension build . angle on bar Duncan look away . bill I be not go to say it again , mister . Duncan reach for he drink , but Bill react quick . with a swipe of he hand , he knock the glass off the bar , and it shatter on the floor behind the bar . Duncan sit there , stunne , not look up . after a long moment , Duncan cough . then he turn and look at Bill . he purse he lip . it look like a nervous facial movement . then suddenly , Duncan spit at Bill , hit he square in the face . before anyone can register what 's happen , Bill lunge at Duncan , knock he clean off the barstool and onto the floor . the fight be fast , vicious and one-side from the very start . pin to the floor on he back , Duncan flail he arm ineffectually like a panicked insect as Bill hold he in place with a left-handed grip on the collar while he powerful right arm , pump up and down like a piston , pound into Duncan 's face time and time again . Duncan 's scream diminish into pathetic , sicken groan and the other in the bar be compel to avert they eye from this brutal spectacle . hank have pick up a phone from beneath the bar and be dial a number . he turn away from the fight to talk . then , as suddenly as Bill first spring at Duncan , he leap to he foot and turn to the bar . he reach over and grab the phone from hank , slamm it down into the cradle . bill who be you call ? Bill take the cloth from the bar and vigorously wipe he face off . he snap he finger and point to a row of bottle on a shelf behind the bar . hank quickly hand he a bottle . Bill pour himself a shot and downs it , fast . he be still charge with adrenaline and he take two more shot in rapid succession , spilling the alcohol on the bar and on himself . as Bill pick up the cloth to wipe himself off again , Tracy stand up and quickly walk out of the bar , slamm the door behind she . bill ( call after she ) you be welcome , baby ! then he throw down the cloth , pick up the bottle , turn and , stand over Duncan 's inert form , empty half the bottle onto he . he set the bottle back on the bar . he grab Duncan and , half drag , hurry he out the back door and throw he into the alley where Duncan fall in a heap . Bill storm back up to the bar and pour himself another drink . bill ( to hank ) okay ? hank just look at he , do not answer . at the wife 's silent insistence , the elderly couple stand up to go . old man good riddance to bad rubbish , eh , Bill ? Bill do not answer and the couple quietly leave . hank ( apologetic ) a fight break out , there 's gonna be damage . insurance company do not pay without a police report ... bill you see any damage ? hank lower he gaze to the floor . Bill finish he drink . he be still very hop up . he pull a few dollar from he wallet and drop they on the counter . bill see ya 'round . he turn and stride out of the bar . camera hold for a beat on hank alone now in he empty establishment . the phone start to ring , presumably the police call back . after several ring , hank pick up the phone and listen . hank ( into phone ) no , it 's over now ... dissolve to : int . lo. garber' house - night all the light be out inside the house , but we should just be able to see that we be in the hall , look at the front door . footstep approach on the walk outside . a key slip into the lock ... Inside the house we can hear faint whisper . someone be move about in the darkness . then the door swing open and the shadowy figure of a man cross the threshold . he stop just inside . man ( call out ) donna . donna ! hey ! ( under he breath ) what the hell -- ! suddenly the light come on and a chorus of voice cry out , " surprise ! " a broad smile break across the man 's face . we may recognize he as the cop from six year ago -- Charles garber . today he be a lieutenant on the force and dress casually for work , usually in slack , turtleneck and jacket . garber ( genuinely surprised ) what be all this ?! scatter voice happy birthday , Charlie ! garber look sheepishly at he hand hold the pistol he would draw just before the light come up . woman' voice look at he ! man' voice do not shoot we , Charlie ! garber ( chagrine ) how be I suppose to know ? everybody start to laugh , include garber as he return the pistol to he shoulder holster . angle on donna garber 's wife . she come out of the kitchen carry a birthday cake with light candle and make she way through the crowd of guest sing " happy birthday " . everyone join in as donna move forward and stand beside she husband . clifford be one of the guest . he have he arm around a young blond who be sort of pretty despite she tacky / plastic appearance . when the song be over , garber blow out the candle and hug and kiss he wife . everybody cheer . CUT to : int . garber' house - stairway - several hour later the party be still in full swing . garber be follow clifford up the stair . they be both fairly load by now . garber , in particular , have reach that stage of inebriation where stand still be pretty hard to do . garber will you tell I what this be about , cliff ? clifford yeah , in a minute . garber I do not think I can take any more of this surprise . int . a bedroom as clifford and garber enter . garber turn on a light as clifford close the door , shutting out the sound of the party below . garber okay now , what 's the big deal ? clifford stand still . I want you to remember this in the morning . garber if you want I to remember something in the morning , then tell it to I in the morning . garber half comically turn to go . clifford stop he . clifford Charlie , come on . angle on corner of bedroom a baby between a year and two year old be lie in a crib . it open its eye and start look around . garber ( o.s. ) all right , all right . what be it ? you be get marry . clifford no . I get a job today , tracking someone . two shot - clifford &amp ; garber garber , still move restlessly , pat he friend on the shoulder . garber that 's great , cliff ; I be sure you will find you man . clifford it 's curt Duncan . garber stop suddenly , stunne . in a instant , he have become stone sober . garber what ? angle on baby kick and wiggling about . clifford ( o.s. ) you do not know he get out ? the baby open its mouth and start to cry . two shot - clifford &amp ; garber garber glance over he shoulder at the baby , then turn back to clifford . clifford I need you cooperation on this one . garber sure . anything . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night it be late . the block be virtually desert . across the street be the exterior of a bar -- the same bar Duncan be in earlier . some people be come out of the bar . it must be near close time . the people turn leave and walk away down the sidewalk . they voice diminish . pause . a car pass . then the door to the bar open again and a woman come out onto the sidewalk . it be Tracy . she turn to the right and start to walk away . closeup - duncan he be stand in shadow across the street , watch she . ext . tracy on STREET - night a series of shot of Tracy walk home . the camera remain consistently behind she or off to one side , sometimes dollying with she behind a row of park car , sometimes pick up she pass reflection in a darken store window . the impression this give be unmistakable . curt Duncan be follow she . we do not see he , we do not hear he , yet we know he be there . often we can sense that the very angle from which we see Tracy be he Pov . but Tracy be aware of nothing . we know this when the camera begin to move in front of she , once more become a impersonal observer of she walk homeward , to safety . tension mount as we start to expect that Duncan will jump out at she from every alley and recess doorway she pass . but he do not . finally , Tracy walk up to the camera at the end of a block and turn a corner ; but the camera hold on the dark street she have just come up . we hear a cough which confirm that Duncan be lurking somewhere in the shadow . ext . apartment build - night Tracy walk up the step and enter the apartment . int . apartment build Tracy step into the elevator . the door close . camera hold on the elevator and watch the light above it travel from one to six . o.s. we hear the door to the apartment building open and close . int . sixth floor Tracy step out of the elevator and walk down the hall to she door . she fumble through she purse for key , then bend over the lock to let herself in . behind she down the hall , Duncan appear . he watch she , start to move silently forward . Tracy get the door open , then turn and see he . Duncan stop . tracy oh , it 's you ! ( beat ) what do you want ? duncan ( move forward ) ... come to apologize . I ... tracy look , I be the one who should be sorry . I do not want that to happen . ( she see he face ; shudder ) oh , God ! look at you . be you all right . Duncan half shrug , half smile . Tracy edge into she door - way . Duncan stand opposite she . duncan I be new in town . do not know anybody ... tracy ( uncomfortable ) where be you from ? duncan ( cough ) New York . ever be there ? tracy sure . sure I have be there . they look at each other . Duncan cough again . duncan kind of a mean place to be . everyone cold , unfriendly ... Inside Tracy 's apartment , the telephone ring . Tracy turn vaguely , indecisively , and go to answer it . tracy ( over she shoulder ) Excuse I . she disappear into the apartment . o.s. she pick up the ringing phone . tracy ( o.s. ) hello ?... int . tracy's apartment as she sit with the telephone . tracy ( nervous ) ... no , I just get in ... I do not know if I can ... listen , I can not talk now . can I call you back ?... okay ... Goodbye . she hang up the phone , stand and turn back toward the door . Duncan be stand right behind she . duncan I be not from New York , actually . but I be very , very far from home . he sit down . tracy look , you can not come in here . Duncan look at she for a moment , then look about the apartment . duncan ( mumble ) I think we might get some coffee . can I buy you -- ? tracy I do not think so . duncan someplace nearby ? tracy not tonight . you would better go . duncan I get no place to go . tracy ( anxious ) you can not -- duncan just , just a little coffee ? tracy maybe tomorrow . duncan okay , tomorrow . when ? tracy I say maybe . I do not know . ( beat ) listen , I be sorry about this afternoon . I really be . all right ? that be my boyfriend on the phone . he 's come over . so please leave . now . Duncan do not move . he smile at she . duncan I like you . tracy ( she voice rise ) look , do you want I to call the cop ? duncan ( stand ) it 's okay . it 's okay . he back to the doorway and pause . duncan I will see you later ... sometime . I still want to buy you that drink . he step into the hall . Tracy close the front door and bolt it . she turn , lean against it and sigh . outside the door , Duncan 's footstep move down the hall , pause , then come back to the door . a moment pass . then there be a faint knock on the door . Tracy do not move . the knock come again , a little louder this time . Tracy stand and wait , scarcely breathe . after another long moment , the footstep finally move away . CUT to : ext . police station - day a car pull into the parking lot behind the station . clifford and garber get out and walk into the building . int . police station clifford and garber walk down a hallway . uniform policemen walk to and for around they . clifford Jesus , I do not recognize anybody . garber Three year be a long time in a place like this . clifford Three and a half . garber stop at the watch commander be desk and pick up some paperwork . the wc look up briefly and see clifford . wc hiya , cliff . howya doin ' ? the wc look down again . Three and a half year mean nothing to he . clifford ( take aback ) hi ... he can not remember the man 's name . garber smile at he and they continue walk . garber how long will you be here ? clifford depend on how lucky I get. ( beat ) I will only be come around once , maybe twice a week . garber you want to use you old desk ? someplace to sit down ? clifford ( surprised ) be it vacant ? int . office - police station A. clifford and garber appear in the doorway . clifford enter , walk up to he old desk , open some of the drawer -- they be empty -- sit down in he old chair , smile at garber . B. we see clifford open a file cabinet and take out a folder stuff with notice and report -- c. clifford stand beside a xerox machine run off a copy of something -- D. clifford stand in a hallway talk to a patrolman . clifford have a legal pad with he and be jotting something down on it as the patrolman speak -- E. clifford at he desk , make note on the legal pad -- f. garber be at he desk , on the phone , clifford appear in the doorway carry he legal pad . he wave goodbye to garber who nod in response . CUT to : int . lobby of a flophouse HOTEL clifford question the desk clerk . he show the clerk a photo of Duncan take some year ago in the mental institution . the clerk shake he head and start to hand the picture back when clifford motion for he to keep it . as clifford leave , the clerk turn the picture over ... closeup - back of picture revealing clifford 's name and phone number , and a twenty dollar bill paperclip to the back of the picture -- ext . STREET as clifford pull he car up to the curb , then consult he legal pad -- closeup - legal pad the top three address be cross out . clifford underline the fourth -- back to scene clifford look up from the pad to a bar he have pull up in front of -- the bar Duncan be in . it bear the address clifford have just underline . clifford get out of he car and walk up to the bar . a " close " sign be display in the window . clifford knock on the door . after a moment , hank open the door . CUT to : int . laundromat - day there be only a few customer sit around , wait for they wash . a bum be stretch out on he back across one of the table like a corpse await autopsy . this be cheater . a maintenance man in grey work clothes enter from the back . he open a broom closet , take out a bucket and mop and roll they toward the front of the laundromat . he stop at cheater 's table and shake he hard . maintenance man okay , man , move it out . let 's go . cheater wha -- ? cheater sit up and start to pull himself together . a old woman sit against the wall point down one of the aisle of wash machine and say to the maintenance man : old woman there 's another one down there . the maintenance man go to the end of the aisle and look down into the nook create by the absence of one of the wash machine . maintenance man hey ! he nudge at whatever 's inside the nook with he foot . maintenance man ( nudging again ) come on , bright eye . wake up . wake -- Jesus Christ ! what happen to you ? angle on NOOK as curt Duncan raise he head into the light and look up at the maintenance man . overnight , he face have swollen considerably and a bright yellow and purple discolor around he bruise have emerge . maintenance man ( o.s. ) you get hit by a truck or what ? he bend over and help pull Duncan to he foot . wider angle as the maintenance man guide Duncan to the door . maintenance man I be sorry , man , but you can not stay in here . go out to the park , lay in the sunshine . you will feel better . okay ? Duncan go out the door . the maintenance man turn and see cheater stretch out again on the table . maintenance man God bless it ! hey ! he pull cheater off the table and push he to the door . maintenance man out. out. out. out. out . ext . laundromat as cheater be push out onto the sidewalk . cheater ( angry ) all right ! all right ! he straighten he rag indignantly , then look at Duncan and grin . cheater whaddya say , pardner . I be dry as a bone . you get any money ? Duncan look at cheater distrustfully and shake he head . cheater you neither , huh ? ( with a laugh ) my name be Morgan , but it be not j.p. guess I better go to work . take 'er easy now , pardner . cheater shuffles off in one direction . Duncan turn and go in the other . CUT to : int . tracy's apartment - day a knock at the front door . after a moment , Tracy come into the front hallway and , crossing to the door , stub she toe on the open closet door . she swear under she breath and angrily slam the closet door shut . then , grab she injure toe , she hop to the front door . tracy who be it ? clifford ( o.s. ) my name 's John clifford . I be a private investigator . tracy a what ? clifford ( o.s. ) a private detective . pause . tracy what do you want with I ? clifford ( o.s. ) I would just like to talk , ask a few question . tracy I have get nothing to say about anything or anybody . pause . clifford ( o.s. ) listen , lady , I can be back in thirty minute with a search warrant and a handful of cop , and I can probably have you arrest , whether or not the charge would stick . now do you want to let I in and talk ? tracy have you get a badge ? clifford ( o.s. ) I will show you a badge when you open the goddamn door ! Tracy unbolt the door and open it . clifford walk right in and close the door behind he . clifford I do not carry a badge . I be issue a license , a piece of paper , and I leave it at home . you be Tracy fuller ? Tracy nod . clifford can we sit down ? Tracy lead he into the live room . they sit . clifford give she a picture . clifford do you recognize this man ? tracy why ? clifford let out a sigh of frustration , realize that this woman will continue to be difficult . clifford he 's escape from the insane asylum . in 1972 , he murder two child ... break into a house and find they asleep in bed . it be a little boy , five a a half , and a little three - year - old girl . after the coroner 's investigation , they body be take to the mortuary , where the undertaker take one look at they and say he could not have they body reconstruct for the funeral without six day of steady work . then he ask what have be the murder weapon , because look at the mess in front of he , he could not imagine what have be use . the coroner tell he there have be no murder weapon . the killer have use only he hand . ( beat ) the undertaker go to work and have they do in four . the picture fall out of Tracy 's hand . she be stunne to the point of nausea . clifford what 's the matter ? tracy ( barely able to say it ) he 's be here . ext . STREET Duncan be stand on the sidewalk huddle close to a wall . he be look up at Tracy 's apartment building across the street . Pov - duncan travel up the wall of the building to the open window of Tracy 's apartment on the sixth floor . slow zoom in : clifford ( o.s. ) do you think he will try to see you again ? tracy ( o.s. ) I do not know . he say he have no place else to go . int . tracy's apartment clifford let 's play it safe . let 's assume that he will . closeup - tracy reacting to this possibility . clifford ( o.s. ) will you work with I ? she nod , hesitantly . ext . STREET Duncan turn up a alley across the street from Tracy 's apartment building and disappear . sound over : knock on a door . CUT to : ext . bar - day clifford be stand at the door . the " close " sign still hang in the window . the door open , and hank stick he head out . hank you again ? clifford what be you hour tonight ? hank no hour . bar 's close on monday . clifford I want you to be open if that 's possible . hank ( close the door ) no way . Monday 's my night off . come back tomorr ... clifford violently push the door open . the bartender back off , surprised . clifford ( through clench tooth ) this be tomorrow ! now what be you hour ? CUT to : int . lo. garber' office - day garber be sit behind he desk as clifford walk in . garber ( look up ) any luck ? clifford I have come to say goodbye , and thank you . garber you find he ? clifford I think so . garber where ? pause . clifford from here on , I go it alone . garber what 's the point of chance it , cliff ? we will let you take the credit . clifford no. pause . clifford sit down . clifford I be go to kill he , Charlie . garber lean forward in he chair and stare at clifford . a long moment pass . a button on the lieutenant 's phone light up and the intercom buzze . garber do not even look down at it . the button flash on and off , on and off . finally it stop . clifford the closer I get to this guy , the more I ... it get to I . I do not know ... garber I think you would better go on home , cliff . you have fall in . clifford no . not this time . this be the case that make up for a whole career . if you can not understand it now , you will in a few year . pause . garber consider another tack and follow it . garber what part do money play in all this ? play straight with I . clifford be stunne by the question , but he try to be casual . clifford ( shrugging ) for what I be be pay , it 's not out of line . garber who 's hire you for this ? clifford glare at he friend and do not answer . garber ( cynically ) so you be a hitman now . clifford ( passionately ) he murder two kid in cold blood . you be there , too . garber do not have to be remind of he own feeling . he do not pursue the argument . garber you could get bust . clifford I understand that . garber what be you go to use ? clifford Jimmy needle . garber nod slowly , consider it a good choice of weapon at least . garber you be stretch we friendship , cliff . if you blow this at all -- clifford you will never hear from I again . garber look away for a moment . when he look back , he just shrug he shoulder , " wash he hand " . garber take you time . do it right . clifford do not worry . garber do you need any help prepare for this thing ? clifford ( stand up ) I be ready . I be just try to think where he could be in the meantime . CUT to : int . coffee shop - day a few customer sit quietly mind they own business . a waitress lean near the cash register at one end of the counter . a transistor radio play country music blue . the waitress look up as somebody enter . waitress what happen to you ? duncan ( o.s. ) coffee . it be Duncan . he move to the counter and sit . waitress you get mug ? duncan Black . snubbed , the waitress come back and set the cup in front of he . she look down at the change on the counter . there be not enough . waitress coffee 's twenty - seven . Duncan look up at she resentfully . waitress ( pull away the cup ) coffee 's twenty - seven cent . ya get it or do not ya ? Duncan glare at she . he do not have it . waitress okay , buster , one cup . on the house . she push the cup back to he . some of the coffee spill onto the counter . waitress drink it and be on you way . Duncan slowly reach for the cup , raise it to he lip . waitress you be welcome . Duncan stop , set the cup down , push it away from he and slowly rise from he seat . duncan no , thank you . Duncan and the waitress stand face to face , shoot dart at each other . then a man sit two seat away reach over and place a quarter on the counter between they . the waitress look at the man irritatedly , then pick up the money and move away . Duncan slowly sit down again . he pull the cup back to himself , then turn and look at the man for a long moment , unable to express he gratitude . CUT to : ext . CITY street - dusk a series of shot of bum , " homeless person " , hang out , in alley , in the doorway of old building , sit on the sidewalk in front of liquor store . then we see Duncan , alone but look no different from the other . he be panhandle passersby , without much success . we see he fall into a fit of cough that incapacitate he for several second . he 's obviously get sicker . we lose sight of Duncan as we montage continue . we see clifford talk to a bum , then another . he be pass the time comb the street in the neighborhood of the bar . park - dusk a handful of bum be sit together on the grass pass a bottle in a brown paper bag . Duncan be not among they , but cheater be there , sit at the end of the line . camera pan from one bum to the next as the bottle be pass . by the time it get to cheater , it be empty . cheater look as if he 's about to cry like a baby when a hand enter the frame from the other side -- the hand hold out to cheater a full bottle of wine . cheater take the bottle and look up gratefully ... to see John clifford stand beside he . cheater well ! I can not say much for you protocol , but you timing 's dead on . here 's to you , pardner . cheater take a long drink , then pass the bottle back down the line . clifford ( to all the bum ) I be look for a old buddy of mine , English fella . name 's crazy curt . any of you guy see he ? nobody respond . clifford I owe he some money . cheater aaahh . show I a honest man ... clifford ( gesture ) stands about so . Brown hair . face kind of bang up . be in a accident . cheater oh , yeah ? I be just with that guy , not more and a hour ago . look bad . crazy curt , huh ? clifford where ? cheater scratch he head , and glance anxiously down the line . cheater Hell , I can not remember . prob'bly see he again though . tell you what . you leave the money with I , I will see he get it ... as a favor to you . clifford shake he head . clifford I have to talk to he . cheater whatsa matter ? you do not trust I ? I will have you know I use to be a college professor . we can work together . clifford stand to go . the bottle come back to cheater , three - quarter down . clifford sure . keep the bottle . I will be back . cheater " Long life to the grape ! for when summer be fly , the age of we nectar shall gladden we own . " that 's shelley , you know . clifford be go . cheater take a long drink and almost forget that clifford be ever there . CUT to : int . clifford apartment - night clifford be " suite up " for he night 's work . he be dress casually -- blue jeans , shirt open at the neck , sport jacket , adida run shoe . he look at himself in the mirror , be satisfied . then he pick up from the dresser two awl - like instrument with short handle and long , glisten taper needlepoint -- he weapon . he slide they into a leather sheath inside he jacket and turn to go . CUT to : ext . bar - night it be light up inside . the bar be open for business . across the street in a dark space between two building , Duncan be wait , watch the front door of the bar to see who come out . int . bar the place be empty but for hank who half watch the television over the bar , and Tracy who sit alone in a corner . several moment pass as both of they sit and wait . then , the front door start to swing open . someone be come in . Tracy and hank both glance nervously toward the door . a man be head peek in . he be somewhere in he forty , a regular customer . customer hey , hank , what be you do open tonight ? hank ( relax ) try to make a buck . the customer walk up to the bar , sit down and talk quietly with hank . Tracy look nervously at she wristwatch . she stub out she cigarette , take one last gulp of she drink and stand up to go . she walk to the bar , open she purse and reach inside . hank keep it , honey . my treat . they exchange a meaningful look . then she head for the door . customer ( under he breath ) that how you make a buck ? ext . bar Tracy look up and down the street , hope to see clifford somewhere , afraid of glimpsing Duncan instead . then she start walk quickly homeward . ext . street follow Tracy to she apartment . we pick up clifford now , and we cut back and forth between the two of they -- she walk quickly , never look back , and he sneaking along several hundred foot behind she , look everywhere for Duncan , whom we never see . ext . tracy's apartment she walk up the step and enter . int . sixth floor Tracy step off the elevator and go to she door . she fumble through she purse for the key . then she hear footstep on the stair . she turn . it 's clifford . clifford ( come forward : half - whisper ) no luck . you see he ? Tracy shake she head . clifford he still could be out there , though . tracy ( softly ) oh , God ... she be start to come apart , and she suddenly lean on clifford for support . clifford be you all right ? Tracy stand there for several second to regain control of herself . then she step away and turn back to the door . tracy I be okay . clifford I be go to hang around outside for awhile . I will be back on and off again all night . Tracy get the door unlock . she push it open . int . tracy's apartment - front hall Tracy step in . clifford stay in the doorway . they be still whisper . clifford be you sure you be okay ? tracy I be fine . clifford all right . bolt you door . do not let anybody in , no matter what . tracy okay . clifford I will be see you . ( start to move off ; come back ) listen . thanks . tracy sure . Tracy close the door and throw the bolt . then she walk into the apartment and out of frame . camera stays in the hallway . we can hear Tracy move about o.s. then , as if on its own , the door to the hall closet slowly swing open ... ... until we can see Duncan stand inside the closet . int . kitchen Tracy be put some coffee on . then she remove she coat and walk out of the kitchen . int . front hall Tracy go up to the closet with she coat . the door be close . she open it . she hang up she coat and close the door again . then she turn and start walk out of the hallway to the live room . as she be round the corner into the live room , she walk right into Duncan . she barely have time to gasp before he clamp he hand over she mouth and push she against the wall . duncan ( urgent whisper ) I just have to talk to you . ( pathetically ) I want you to be my friend . as she be not struggle , he start to loosen up on she . duncan please ... he take he hand away from she mouth , let go of she , and slowly , cautiously step back . Tracy look at he for a breathless moment , she eye wild with fear . then she scream . Duncan jump back , stunne , frighten and confuse . Tracy do not move . she just keep scream hysterically . ext . STREET Tracy 's scream carry out into the night as clifford race across the street and into the apartment building . int . tracy's apartment Duncan run to a window , throw it open and climb out onto the fire escape . intercut - apartment stair and FIRE escape as clifford bound up the stair , flight after flight , and Duncan tear down the fire escape . int . sixth floor the scream have stop when clifford reach Tracy 's door . he grab the doorknob and heave himself against the door . it 's bolt shut . clifford pull one of the needle from he jacket and hammer it into the lock . the bolt spring and clifford run into the apartment . int . tracy's apartment as clifford burst in . Tracy gesture toward the window . clifford run to it and stick he head out . Pov - clifford Duncan be go . back to scene clifford run to a window on another wall and look out onto the street . Pov - clifford no sign of the englishman . back to scene clifford run out of the apartment , yanking he needle from the lock as he pass the door , and charge back down the stair . Tracy move to the door and close it . she be breathe heavily . o.s. we hear the angry sizzle of coffee spilling onto the hot stove , as Tracy go to get it . ext . apartment build clifford come out , look around and move rapidly up the street . ext . a STREET Duncan be hurry along , dodging in and out of people , try to move quickly but not draw attention to himself ... ext . another STREET clifford be travel along the sidewalk , crossing the street , look everywhere ... ext . alleyway Duncan be run up the alley . he come to a stop beside some pile up trash can . he lean against the brick wall of the building , huffing and puffing . he be frighten , but he feel safe for now . he slowly slide down the wall to the ground ... flash back to : int . mental hospital - day Duncan be curl up in the corner of a bare cell with padded wall . he be in a strait-jacket . his head be shave . we can not tell what he be think , except that he 's obviously deeply frighten and cannot understand what 's happen to he . CUT to : int . a room - night this be the child 's bedroom in Dr. mandrakis ' house of six year ago . it be dark . two small bed occupy one corner of the room . we can see two small lump on the bed , but no more . Duncan sit in the foreground with a telephone on he lap . he be dial a number . the phone ring three time before it be answer -- or rather , pick up , because there be no voice on the other end . after several second the phone be hang up . Duncan hang up and think for a moment . he pick up the phone and dial again . this time he get a busy signal . he hang up , stand and go to the door . he open it slowly , peer out . Jill 's voice can be hear faintly talk to the operator , ask for the police . Duncan close the door and come back into the room , mumble . he go to the window , look out . then he go to the child 's bed . closeup - duncan as he raise the cover and stare down into the camera . CUT to : ext . deck of a ship - morning a freighter , broad and low , arduously cut through the water . early morning mist hang over the deck which be empty but for a lone figure stand on the prow . middle shot - lone figure it be curt Duncan . he be look out over the front of the ship . another seaman come up behind he and clap he on the shoulder . seaman so this will be you first time ? ( laugh ) a old salt like you ? Duncan move away , want to be leave alone . seaman ( still laugh ; slightly punchy ) you will love it here . it 's where they make the bomb . it 's where they make the plane that carry the bomb ; the plane we see over Singapore and manila . he walk away laugh . seaman there she be . that 's America . duncan' Pov the coast of Southern California emerge through the mist . a foghorn blow somewhere in the distance . close - up - duncan as he peer ahead with inscrutable interest . CUT to : int . another room - night Dark . a little boy be lie in bed , apparently asleep . this be curt Duncan as a child . some voice approach in the hallway outside the bedroom . they be gruff , with heavy English accent , but subdued ; a man and a woman , well into middle - age . the boy 's eye open as he listen : man ( o.s. ) what 's the matter ? woman ( o.s. ) save it for later . let 's go out and get some food . man ( o.s. ) what about the lad ? you can not leave he . woman ( o.s. ) curt 's asleep . he will never know we be go . from outside , a key enter the lock of the bedroom door and turn . the bolt slip and the door be securely shut . the boy sit up in bed , apprehensive . in tight shot of the floor we see a rat come out from under the bed , then another . they make " chit-chit " noise as they begin to explore . one of they maybe go up on its hind leg and nibble on the bedpost . then we see two more rat appear . we go for a tight shot of the boy on top of the bed . the " chit-chit " noise grow steadily louder as the boy 's apprehension turn to fear , then to terror . the boy start to whimper . suddenly , we cut back to a wide shot of the room . the floor be crawl with rat , hundred of they . the " chit-chit " rise to practically a roar as the boy , alone on top of the bed , begin to wail . the room seem to darken , and the boy become just a little white speck in it . the focus be turn . the picture become a black and white blur . dissolve to : ext . alleyway - night - the present at first all that can be see be a white blur against a black screen . the previous sound of a boy cry increase . then the blur grow larger , come more into focus as the entire screen image move toward normal definition . finally , we know we be back in the alleyway , that it be night , and that the white blur be actually a little boy lose , sobbing uncontrollably . closeup - duncan awaken to the scene , come back to reality . he be confuse . wider angle on duncan and boy the boy continue sobbing , move about in little circle . Duncan , amaze at what he see , slowly crawl out from the wall on he hand and knee , crawl toward the weep child , stare at it with a strange look on he face . suddenly the boy stop cry and look at Duncan quizzically , hesitantly . they be less than a foot apart , almost face to face . together they form a kind of freeze tableau . something close to sympathy cross the killer 's expression , and the boy , likewise , achieve a faint sense of recognition . then , just as suddenly , the boy start wail again and he run off down the alleyway . Duncan watch he disappear . then he slowly pull himself to he foot . ext . STREET clifford be come up the sidewalk . as clifford cross the entrance to a alleyway , the boy come run out and almost collide with he . clifford grab the boy and look down at he . then he pass the wail child off on a nearby pedestrian and run up into the alley . ext . another STREET Duncan be hurry along the sidewalk . something make he look up . Pov - duncan he be look at a neon " Jesus save " sign above the doorway to a inner city mission . back on duncan as he stare at the sign . duncan ( o.s. ) hey , crazy curt ! Duncan turn to see cheater elatedly hobbling up to he . cheater hail fellow well meet , and all that jazz . it 's we lucky day ! ( take Duncan by the arm ) a friend of you 's get money for you . we get to get back to the park and meet he . Duncan pull he arm free . cheater c'mon . he will be comin ' for you , crazy curt . s'got some money . ( reach for Duncan 's arm ) we will get we a little joy juice . Duncan pull free again and head toward the mission . cheater c'mon ! hey !! you really be crazy ! c'mon ! Duncan enter the mission and cheater stand out on the sidewalk for a moment , bitterly frustrated . cheater " blow , wind , and crack you cheek ! rage ! blow , you cataract and hurricanoe , spout till you have drench would we steeples and drow would the cock ! " several pedestrian stop and gape at this sudden outburst . ext . another STREET clifford come out of a derelict hotel , look up and down the street and hurry off , not give up the chase . int . mission - moment later a man be lead Duncan to the bathroom . Duncan enter slowly and go to one of the wash basin where there be a old razor blade and a can of shave cream . Duncan pick up the razor for a moment and look at it . he be lose in think . then he set it down and turn on the tap water . he glance at himself in the mirror and be suddenly transfix by he own image . he look deeply into the mirror for several second . then he start to cry , and have begin , a flood of emotion come pour out of he . he drop to he knee . the man come run back into the bathroom . he hold Duncan and help pull he back to he foot . CUT to : ext . STREET - night cheater be trudging along the sidewalk , hand in pocket , head lower . he look up and see something that bring he back to life . Pov - cheater clifford be stand on the corner up ahead , look around . wide angle on STREET cheater call out and start to run toward clifford . clifford turn , see cheater . CUT to : int . mission - night the " sleep dorm " . it be a large empty room . thirty or so outcast be stretch out on the bare floor in the darkness . they combine snore / wheeze create a steady , ghastly din . the door at the far end of the hall open . a figure step in and quietly close the door behind he . he stand for a moment take in the scene , let he eye adjust to the darkness . then he slowly creep forward to the prone body of the nearest sleeper . closeup - figure it be clifford . he move stealthily from one body to the next . in one hand he carry a small flashlight . he turn the body over just long enough to shine the light in they face and identify who they be , or rather who they be not . then he move on . in he other hand he hold a small , gleam Jimmy needle . closeup - duncan he 's sleep , but he eye suddenly open , sense danger . he turn over and see the dark figure of clifford slowly advance toward he . wider angle clifford keep come , closer and closer to where Duncan lie . he be but six or seven body away when Duncan jump up suddenly and bolt for the door . clifford look up , see the flee figure and charge after it . int . corridor Racing through a maze of narrow hallway , Duncan can not stop to think where he 's go . clifford be barrel after he some forty yard behind . Duncan round a corner and ten yard up ahead , the hallway deadend in a set of double door . Duncan have no choice but to hurl himself against the door . they yield and he go through they . four second later , clifford come to the same door and push through to the other side . int . church as clifford come through the door which be a side entrance into the chancel of this large , gothic-style church . behind he now , be the altar . before he stretch the nave of the edifice with its row of pews , its dimly glow stain glass window , and way in the back , its choir loft . at regular interval , tiny shaft of light pierce the darkness from on high . there be no sign of Duncan , but clifford know he must be in here , hide somewhere . he slowly walk forward to the front of the chancel . clifford Duncan . Duncan . it 's over now . come on out . pause . Duncan do not come out . clifford hold very still . he hear nothing . he speak again and he voice echoe through the large empty church . clifford my name 's John clifford . I be a private detective . I have be hire by Alexander mandrakis to take you back . I be not go to hurt you . closeup - duncan hiding beneath a pew . he hear the name " mandrakis " and it register like a thunderbolt . he silently mouth the name " mandrakis " . then he hear clifford 's footstep approach . angle on clifford slowly move up the center aisle , look from side to side into the pews . clifford ( gently ; coax ) I be not go to hurt you ... I be not go to hurt you ... there will be no more pain ... you be safe now ... clifford move closer and closer to Duncan 's row until finally , Duncan can bear it no longer . he jump up from beneath the pew and run . duncan ( hysterical ) no! mandrakis ! no ! clifford chase he through the pews and up the aisle to the front of the church . he be clutching a needle in both hand , ready to strike . Duncan flee through a narrow door off to the side of the church . int . bell tower Duncan face a spiraling stone staircase . he have no choice but to climb they , higher and higher , the sound of clifford 's angry footstep always come up behind he . finally , Duncan can climb no higher . he be at the top of the bell tower . a lancete open in the stone wall ahead of he look out over the narrow shaft of the tower . above he be the huge iron bell . a rope hang down from the bell , dangle all the way down the shaft , forty or fifty foot to the floor of the church . clifford be bound up the last flight of step to get he . Duncan have little choice . he be trap . just before clifford reach he , Duncan leap out into the shaft and catch the bell rope . the bell start to clang as Duncan , hang in mid air , swing back and forth within the narrow shaft . clifford lean way out through the lancet window and take a swipe at Duncan , but the madman be just beyond he reach and hurriedly climb down the rope . clifford reach out and try to grab at the rope . at last , he get it , and he shake it violently to get Duncan to lose he grip and be dash against the stone floor below . but Duncan hold firm , climb ever downward . the bell continue to clang , send its alarm out into the night . then clifford brace himself and slowly , laboriously begin to haul up on the rope . clifford gain momentum until Duncan be be pull up faster than he be climb down . still twenty foot off the ground , Duncan let go of the rope and plummet to the hard stone floor . then people come rush into the church , awaken by the commotion of the bell . Duncan roll into the shadow and drag himself out a side door , while clifford plan he own escape from the bell tower . CUT to : ext . alleyway near church - night clifford run up the alleyway , look around and finally realize he 's lose he prey . CUT to : ext . another alleyway Duncan be hide deep in the shadow of a nook between two building , catch he breath . camera move in on he , and we see he look the craziest he 's ever be . he shake uncontrollably and begin to mumble , softly at first , then get louder . he 's fall back into the grip of guy du marraux . dissolve to : ext . CITY - morning A. all be still and quiet as soft , warm sunlight pour into the dirty street and alleyway . in the background , the bell tower of the church rise above the skyline . B. we see a shot of the park -- all the bum be asleep . c. then a shot of the mission -- its front door open , the sidewalk empty . D . then the bar , where the same peaceful mood prevail . E. then the alleyway where we last see curt Duncan . now he be go . f. then the exterior of Tracy 's apartment building . clifford 's car be park out front . tracy ( o.s. ) I use to see my two kid every weekend . they live in a nice house with they father , outside the city . CUT to : int . tracy's apartment Tracy and clifford be sit at a small table in the kitchen , look haggard , drink coffee . tracy now ... it 's be year . they be grow up . they look at each other . clifford be a sympathetic listener . tracy I look at where I be now . I know I could have do better , but ... it 's too late for that . clifford ( quietly ) I know . pause . tracy well , you have get to keep look , I suppose . take he cue , clifford slowly rise . clifford I do not think he will come back here . Tracy look up at he questioningly , wishing she could feel as sure about it as he do . clifford ( extend he hand ) thanks ... for all you help . Tracy take he hand . they shake warmly . clifford I know it be not easy . ( turn to go ) maybe , someday , I will be able to ... tracy I wish you would not leave I altogether ... clifford turn back to she . tracy ( with a laugh ) I be not a young woman anymore . I have give up all my dream of the future . now , I just want to make it to the end . you know what I mean . clifford smile at she gently . he know exactly what she mean . clifford I will be around . tracy sure . clifford take a few step , turn back , look at she . clifford you like ice cream ? tracy yes . clifford what flavor ? tracy chocolate chip . clifford nod he head slightly , as if register this in he memory . clifford ( quietly ) okay . they smile at each other for a second then clifford leave and Tracy sit alone in she kitchen , listen to he go , hearing the door close behind he . CUT to : ext . STREET - day close up on a section of a newspaper lie in the gutter . a pair of foot enter the frame and stand beside the newspaper . we hear a familiar cough . then a tremble hand reach down and pick up the newspaper . pause . something in the newspaper have catch he eye . then the foot shuffle out of frame . fade out : fade in : ext . STREET - afternoon a modest middle - income neighborhood where young marry couple buy they first home and start they family . camera be face down the quiet street . in the foreground , on the street , two small child , a little boy and a little girl , be play . they be adorable kid . camera pan ninety degree with the child as they run out of the street and up the sidewalk to they house . a title appear across the bottom of the screen : 5 pm Friday , April 28 , 1978 title fade as the child push open the front door and enter the house . CUT to : int . house - following child they noisily and excitedly make they way to the kitchen . the child be four and two and a half year old , stevie and JUNE respectively . CUT to : int . kitchen as the kid enter , they mother be work at the stove , she back to camera . JUNE &amp ; stevie ( together ) hi , mommy ! the mother turn around . it be Jill Johnson ! jill ( smile ) well , look what the wind blow in ! camera move in on she as she come forward , bend down , kiss stevie , and pick up June . Jill look older , more mature , but still very pretty . she be Mrs. John lockhart now , and have leave she memory of the past behind she . stevie mommy , what 's for dinner ? could we have hamburger ? jill ( teasing ) be that all you ever want ? a wall phone in the kitchen start to ring . stevie go to answer it . stevie hello ? JOHN ( o.s. ) ( surprised ) hey , how 's my little tiger ? it be JOHN lockhart on the phone . stevie daddy , junie throw my baseball down the street ; and I can not find it ! JOHN ( o.s. ) well , we will look for it real hard later . let I talk to mommy . Jill , by this time , have come to the phone . she be still hold June . stevie okay . bye , daddy . stevie hand the phone to Jill . jill hi. JOHN hi , babe -- whaddya say you put on a sexy dress , and I take you out to dinner tonight ? Jill be very happy about this . jill great ... what 's the occasion ? JOHN ( teasing ) just a little surprise . jill what ? JOHN I be leave here now ; be home in half a hour . jill okay , see ya . JOHN bye , babe . as Jill hang up the phone , stevie pipe up o.s. stevie ( o.s. ) mommy , be daddy gonna get I a new baseball ? CUT to : ext . dr . mandrakis ' house - night clifford 's car be park in the driveway , and we see he get out . he go to the front door -- the porch light be on and perhaps one other lamp somewhere inside the otherwise dark house . he ring the bell , wait , ring again ... finally the door be open by the houseboy . houseboy Dr. and Mrs. mandrakis be out of town . clifford for how long ? houseboy Three more week . pause . clifford it 's just as well . will you be here ? houseboy yes . clifford take a business card from he pocket and give it to the houseboy . clifford here . call if you need I . the houseboy read the card as clifford walk back to he car . then the houseboy close the front door . clifford pause beside he car for a moment , look back at the rich , dark home . CUT to : int . jill house - children' bedroom - night the child be in bed . Jill be sit next to stevie . only a nightlight be on . stevie ... I pray the Lord my soul to keep . if I die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take . God bless mommy and daddy and ... JUNE and I . stevie ... and granmom and aunt Lucy and uncle George ... JUNE and I ! stevie ( pause ) ... and she . now will you tell we a story ? jill no , I will not tell you a story . you go to sleep now . and be good . Carol will be here while we be go . stevie goodnight . Jill kiss he . JUNE mommy , will you come here a minute ? I want to tell you something . Jill stand up and go over to June 's bed . jill what be it ? JUNE come closer . Jill bend closer to she daughter . o.s. the doorbell ring . JUNE I love you . jill I love you , too , junebug. ( kissing she ) goodnight . sleep tight . Jill stand up and leave . int . front hall as Jill come down the stair . carol , the sitter , be at the foot of the stair with John . Carol have a armful of schoolbook . jill hi , Carol . carol hello , Mrs. lockhart . I see you picture in the paper the other day . congratulation . jill ugggh ... be not it a dreadful picture ? JOHN I think it be nice . Jill cross to a hall table , pick up a phone book , flip through it , then write on a notepad beside the phone . over this action ... JOHN be the kid asleep ? jill they will be soon . ( to Carol ) give they about twenty minute and then take a peek -- but if stevie see you , you will have to tell he a story . ( beat ) here 's the number of the restaurant . call we if you need we . for police , ambulance , any emergency like that , just dial 911 . you know that , right ? carol nine-one-one ? oh , sure . jill and just in case , I have write the number of the child 's uncle George and aunt Lucy here , too . JOHN honey , in ten second I eat the staircase . jill okay . okay . she put down the pad and cross to a closet where she take out a lightweight coat . jill ( hand the coat to John ) here . JOHN ( not take the coat ) I be not wear that thing ! Jill shove the coat into he stomach . smiling , he take the coat and dutifully help she on with it . carol have a good time . jill thanks , Carol . JOHN ( pull she out the door ) bye , Carol . carol Goodbye . jill Goodbye . CUT to : ext . house - night John and Jill walk to the station wagon in the driveway as Carol shut the front door in the background . just before Jill get into the car , she take a look back at the house -- there be a moment 's hesitance , and then she get in the car . int . house - night Carol pick up the phone and carry it into the live room with she . as she do it , we see lie on the phone table , the newspaper clipping with Jill 's picture , and headline : " Jill lockhart chair Community unicef drive . " she put the phone down , then she book , then herself . she dial a number . her boyfriend answer . boyfriend ( o.s. ) hello ? carol hi . it 's I . boyfriend ( o.s. ) oh , hi . carol can you come over ? boyfriend ( o.s. ) I can not . I really have a lot of work to do . carol ( disappointed ) ohhh ... CUT to : int . restaurant - night a italian Restaurant . quiet music , soft light , red and white checker tablecloth , candle , a smokey and seductive atmosphere . dolly with a latin waiter carry a huge tray of food over - head . he pass right by the table where Jill and John be sit . John watch he take the food to someone else . JOHN ( reach for a breadstick ) I have eat enough breadstick to turn into a pretzel . jill John , tell I about the surprise . JOHN oh , yeah . brace yourself . jill I be brace . JOHN good . I get the sack today . jill what sack ? JOHN the can ... I be fire ! jill oh , sure . JOHN you do not believe I ? jill no , I do not believe you . JOHN well , wally do call I into he office today . and he do tell I I do not have my old job anymore . jill ( get excited ) John , what do you get ? JOHN be you ready for this ? jill ( guess ) District sale manager ! JOHN Regional ! jill Regional ?! JOHN Nah , District . jill ( beside herself ) John , I do not believe it ! District sale manager ! the waiter arrive with they food . jill well , it 's about time ! the waiter look up , offended . jill ( to waiter ) not you . ( back to John ) it 's about time they recognize you for what you be . waiter enjoy you dinner , folk . they ignore he . he move away . John dig right in . JOHN ( mouth full ) I will be the youngest District manager in the company 's history . God , be I hungry ! jill ( not eat yet ) do this mean a raise ? JOHN it sure do . John flag down a pass waiter and signal that they wine glass need fill . jill how much ? JOHN a lot . jill how much ? John lean forward and whisper in she ear . jill you be kid ! and a car ? JOHN and a car . jill John , I be so proud of you . John pause , look at she . JOHN what 's the matter ? you do not like you food ? the maitre D ' have come up to the table . John stop suddenly . they be both very chagrine . maitre d' Mr. and Mrs. lockhart ? jill that 's right . maitre d' there 's a telephone call for you . John start to get up . Jill grab he arm . jill eat you dinner . it 's probably Carol . I will talk to she . Jill stand up and follow the maitre D ' through the other table to the telephone . she pick up the receiver . camera move in on she . jill hello ? pause . duncan ( o.s. ) have you check the child ? Jill scream and fall to the floor . angle on JOHN around he , other diner fall instantly silent and wonder what be go on . waiter stop dead in they track . John leap up from he seat and dash through the table like a madman . suddenly the restaurant come alive with excitement and alarm . angle on jill as John run up and drop to he knee beside she . she be shaking and sobbing uncontrollably . JOHN Jill , what 's happen ? what 's wrong ? jill it be he ! somebody call the police ! help I ! other people have crowded around and be make urgent noise now about call the police , a ambulance , etc . John try to cut through the confusion and anxiety . JOHN wait a minute ! just hold on ! sweetheart , what be he ? what be you talk about ? jill that man ... curt Duncan ... he 's home again ! he 's get we child ! JOHN he be on the phone ? Jill nod . John grab the telephone and quickly dial a number . the crowd try to quiet down , as much to hear for themselves as to let John talk . the phone ring and ring . finally ... carol hello ? JOHN hello , Carol , it 's Mr. lockhart . what 's go on over there ? carol nothing 's go on . JOHN be everything all right ? carol yes , there 's nothing -- JOHN be you sure ? pause . carol everything 's fine . why ? what 's --? JOHN Carol , listen to I very carefully . if there 's a man in the house , if there 's any reason why you can not talk to I right now , just answer yes to I over the phone . that 's all . if there 's any danger of any kind , just say yes . Long pause . they wait for she answer . Jill be listen into the receiver now , too . carol I do not understand what 's happen . what man in the house ? Jill be confuse . John breathes a guard sigh of relief . Jill take the phone . jill Carol , it 's Mrs. lockhart . answer I truthfully . when be the last time you look in on the child ? carol about forty - five minute ago . everything 's fine . they be fast asleep . Jill give she husband a look . John take the phone again . JOHN Carol , I be sorry about all the hysterics . we be leave the restaurant now . we will explain everything when we get home . before we hang up , could you do just one more thing for I , please ? carol what ? JOHN would you go upstairs and , and check on the child for I ? Jill be violently shaking she head . John silence she with a gesture . carol sure . hold on . Carol o.s. put the phone down . then there be silence on the other end . the crowd of people around Jill and John begin to shuffle and murmur . John try to keep they quiet while listen into the phone . then two policemen come forward through the crowd . one of they kneel down to John and Jill who be still on the floor . policeman # 1 what seem to be the problem here , sir ? JOHN ( whisper ) Officer , I be John lockhart . just a second please , and I will explain everything . jill ( whisper to policeman ) I be Jill Johnson , the babysitter seven year ago with the child killer . this mean nothing to policeman # 1 . JOHN the babysitter . the guy get into the house and kill the two child upstairs . policeman # 2 kneel down now . policeman # 2 ( whisper ) oh , yeah , I remember something about that . a Greek doctor ... JOHN that 's right . that 's the one . policeman # 2 ( to policeman # 1 ) it be in the seventh precinct ... as the two policeman and John mumble between themselves , Jill take the telephone . jill ( listen ) hello ? she press the receiver tighter to she ear . jill Carol ? John quiet down the policeman . Jill can now hear what she could not a second ago . jill ( grow hysterical ) Carol ? Carol ?! zoom into the telephone until we can also hear what Jill be reacting to . it grow louder and louder ... a dial tone . CUT to : ext . lockhart house - night John and Jill pull up in the station wagon follow by a squad car -- no siren or light . they all get out and rush for the front door . John pull out he key to open the door ... and discover that it 's unlock . cautiously , they step inside . int . front hall they look into the live room . Carol be not there . JOHN Carol ? Carol ? no answer . the policeman tentatively draw they gun . Jill bolt up the stairway . JOHN Jill ! policeman # 2 run up after she . int . upstair hall as Jill run down to the child 's bedroom follow by policeman # 2 . she open the door and rush inside . int . children' bedroom the child be in bed , asleep . policeman # 2 stand in the doorway as Jill go up to June and bend over she . JUNE ( open she eye ) mommy ? Jill kiss she gently on the forehead . jill sshhh ... June close she eye and immediately fall back to sleep . Jill walk over to stevie 's bed and look down at he . he turn slightly in he sleep . satisfied that she child be safe , Jill pull up the cover on stevie and then walk slowly out of the bedroom . int . upstair hall Jill quietly pull the door shut , and policeman # 2 walk back up the hallway . Jill lean against the wall and bury she face in she hand . she be drain . she start to cry . JOHN ( o.s. ) nothing be wrong ? carol ( o.s. ) when I get back to the phone , the line be dead . I figure we get cut off somehow . what 's be go on ? CUT to : int . bedroom - later that night Jill be sit on a corner of the bed , look at the floor . John sit on the other corner , face away from she , slowly unbuttone he shirt . after a long silence ... jill what be you think about ? JOHN if I ever get my hand on the guy that make that call ... jill John , it be not a prank . I know that voice . JOHN he disguise it though , do not he ? same as before ? jill I know that voice . pause . jill how can we just sit here ? John turn and move over beside she . JOHN look , we promise never to talk about this . reaction shot of Jill . she be shocked . JOHN what be we suppose to do ? leave town ? take the kid and lock ourselves up somewhere ? come on ... let 's get a good night 's sleep , and in the morning we can rethink this whole thing . jill nothing have to be rethought . and I be not about to fall asleep . JOHN try to relax , honey . I be here . we be both here . the house be lock up . the cop will be just outside all night long . we be safe now . jill that 's what they tell I before . John stand up and go to he dresser . JOHN okay . look . if it will make you feel any better ... he take a revolver from the dresser drawer and emphatically check the action . then he walk to he side of the bed and set the pistol on he bedside table . JOHN I will keep it right here beside I all night . you know I be a light sleeper and a damn good shot . be you satisfied ? pause . Jill try to smile . jill John , I be sorry to be put you through all this . JOHN hey , you be not put I through anything that you do not have to go through yourself . I be with you all the way . trust I . okay ? Jill nod . John lean forward and kiss she . JOHN that 's my girl . he get up and walk out of the room talk . JOHN ( o.s. ) now try to relax . we will get some sleep . you will be surprised how differently thing will look in the morning . jill ( complain ) honey ... JOHN ( o.s. ) what ? jill not so loud . you be go to wake the child . John come back into the bedroom with a glass of water and a couple of pill in he hand . JOHN ( smile ) naw . that kid would sleep through a earthquake . they be good kid . ( hand she the pill and water ) here , take a couple of this . they be just what the doctor order . closeup - jill as she take the pill and swallow they , one at a time . JOHN ( o.s. ) you know , I read somewhere about this psychological thing call hysterical delusion or hysterical recall or something . it have to do with how a event from you past can sneak up on you sometimes and fool you when it 's only just a memory . I do not know . we will talk about it in the morning . maybe there 's someone we can see about that ... CUT to : int . police station - night the lounge area in the back of the station . at one table , three officer be play bridge . garber with he back to camera round out they game . at a nearby table closer to camera , policeman # 1 be work on a crossword puzzle . policeman # 3 , sit next to he , be read a paperback novel . policeman # 1 what 's a word for " a outsider , of sort " ? policeman # 3 trespasser . policeman # 1 uh-uh . eight letter . policeman # 3 Stranger . policeman # 1 uh-uh. start with a " I " . policeman # 3 think briefly , then go back to he novel . policeman # 2 enter the room carry a printout of some sort . policeman # 2 hey , bert . a report just come in on that guy , curt Duncan . angle on garber at the bridge table , perk up he ear , look around . policeman # 2 ( o.s. ) break outta the nuthouse two month ago . garber be keep only half a eye on the card game . he pull a card from he hand and throw it down . policeman # 1 ( o.s. ) oh , yeah ? you go to put that in we report ? officer # 1 ( o.s. ) diamond , Charlie . diamond be lead . garber hastily pick up he card and throw down another . policeman # 2 ( o.s. ) course I be go to put it in the report . maybe this gal tonight really do get a call from he . who know ? officer # 1 ( o.s. ) you lead , Charlie . garber throw down another card . officer # 1 ( o.s. ) what the hell be you do ? that 's a trump . officer # 2 ( o.s. ) a card laid be a card play . policeman # 1 ( o.s. ) yeah , you be right . we would better leave that on ruznik 's desk in the morning . officer # 2 ( o.s. ) toss them in . I get the rest . officer # 1 ( o.s. ) Jesus kay-reist ! garber throw down he card . he stand up and approach policeman # 2 . garber hey , tucker , lemme see that a minute . policeman # 2 hand the sheet of paper to garber . garber quickly scan the information . garber you guy have a stake on the house ? policeman # 2 bernstein and waller be checkin ' it every twenty minute or so . garber ( hand back the sheet ) thanks . garber exit to he office . policeman # 2 walk over to where policeman # 1 be still sit , work the crossword . policeman # 1 hey , what 's a eight letter word for " a outsider , of sort " ? start with a " I " . policeman # 2 intruder ! policeman # 1 right ! intruder ! CUT to : int . garber' office - night garber sit think for a moment . he be try to come to a decision . he reach for the phone and dial . it ring and then be pick up . clifford ( o.s. ) hello ? garber cliff ?... I think I get something for you ... CUT to : int . lockhart house - night a shot of the downstairs hall . all be dark and still , very still . int . bedroom Jill be toss in she sleep . John be fast asleep next to she , on he side face away from she . then , Jill wake up . she be heavily sedate , groggy . she hardly know where she be at first . she pull herself up to a sit position on the side of the bed . she try to gather she wit . then she get up and walk slowly out of the room . following jill through the upstairs hallway , down the staircase and toward the kitchen . the darkness around she be ominous , threaten . she stop at the dining room window and look out . on the street a patrol car slowly pass and disappear down the block . int . kitchen Jill enter , turn on the light , open a cupboard and take out a glass . she go to the refrigerator and open it . suddenly , the light go out . Jill close the refrigerator door and go and turn on another light . apparently , only a lightbulb have blow . Jill unscrew the burn - out bulb from its socket and throw it in the trash . she leave the kitchen . int . downstair hall Jill walk to a hall closet and open it . a light come on inside as she do so . a puzzle , half - startle expression come onto she face . jill Pov Inside the closet , half the hanger with coat , etc. , be on the floor . sound over : a telephone be dial . CUT to : int . clifford apartment - night clifford have just finish dial the phone . he wait , nothing happen . then a strange , siren - like noise come out of the telephone . clifford listen , then hang up . he pick up the .38 he have lie on the desk and idly start flipping the cartridge chamber with one of he jimmy needle . after a moment , he lay the gun down and pick up the phone again , this time call the operator . operator ( o.s. ) Operator . clifford can you dial a local number for I ? operator ( o.s. ) what be the number , please ? clifford 555-2183. the operator dial . there be a pause . then the same strange noise cut in . clifford Operator , what do that mean ? operator ( o.s. ) I be sorry , sir , that line seem to be disconnect . clifford why do not I get a recording ? operator ( o.s. ) I do not know , sir . maybe the number be just recently disconnect . maybe there 's a temporary malfunction in the wiring . why do not you try it again in the morning ? clifford yeah , okay . thanks . CUT to : int . lockhart home - upstair hallway - night Jill be walk down the hall to the child 's bedroom . she open the door . int . children' bedroom as Jill quietly enter . the child be asleep . Jill go to June and tuck she in . then she walk over to stevie 's bed . he be sleep , but with a sugar daddy in he hand . Jill look down at he , again puzzle . she lean over , take the sugar daddy and gently wake he . jill stevie ... stevie ... stevie ( stir , but not fully awake ) yes ? jill stevie , listen to I . where do you get this candy ? stevie what ? jill where do you get this ? stevie ( very groggy ) the man give it to I ... jill what man ? stevie ( drift off ) I do not know ... he be ... wing on a horse ... he close he eye and be asleep . Jill stand up , turn and start to walk out of the room . halfway across the floor , Jill stop . she stand rigid as a think penetrate she own drowsiness . she turn very slowly and move to the closet in the child 's bedroom . she stand before it a moment . then she reach she hand forward for the knob on the closet door . she very slowly pull the door open . she look inside . there be nothing . Jill quietly close the closet door and leave the room . int . bedroom Jill enter . John be still asleep face the wall . Jill get into bed , sit up . she be wide awake now . she sit for a moment in the darkness , think . then she reach for the princess phone on the bedside table . she do not get a dial tone . she quietly push the phone 's disconnect button up and down several time . still no dial tone . Jill hang up and think for another moment , apprehension creep over she face . then , in the darkness of the bedroom , she begin to hear the mutter of a man 's voice , low and deep . it be Duncan in the throes of guy du marraux . Jill freeze . as the voice get steadily louder and more menace , she attention focus on the door to the bedroom closet which be a couple of inch ajar . jill ( urgently whisper ) John ?... John ?... she reach for the bedside lamp and turn it on , never take she eye away from the closet door . as soon as the light come on , the voice stop . her eye still rivete to the door , Jill grab she husband 's shoulder and shake he , she voice crack with fear . jill John !... John !... the body beside she stir , roll over , look at she hideously . it be Duncan !! Jill shriek , and make a move to leap out of the bed . Duncan , the hideous and terrifying sound of he madness grumble out of he throat , manage to grab the back of she nightgown . as Jill struggle to get off the bed , the gown rip slightly while she fight to get away . Duncan roll to she side of the bed and manage to grab Jill 's ankle while let go of the gown . it cause Jill to lose she balance and tumble onto the floor just short of the doorway lead out of the room . Duncan be on she in a flash , clutching at she and move he hand for she throat . Jill scream again . it be the desperate sound of a woman face certain death . suddenly , two quick shot ring out , overwhelming all other sound . Duncan fall back with a groan and a thud . out of the darkness of the hallway step clifford , pistol in hand . he cross to Duncan . he be dead . then clifford walk around the room to the far side of the bed and look down . on the narrow strip of floor between the bed and the wall lie John . clifford nudge the body with he foot . John stir , as if he have be knock unconscious , but it will be some time yet before he come to . clifford start to walk out of the room , step over Duncan 's body , edging past Jill who be propped up in the doorway , sobbing hysterically . clifford you husband 's okay . then he be go . as Jill sit there unable to rein in she emotion , June and stevie toddle up to she groggily from the hallway . JUNE mommy ? Jill clutches she child to she heaving breast and bury she face between they . int . downstair hall look through the open front doorway into the quiet night beyond . fade out : the end