the twilight zone episode 101 : " where be everybody ? " written by Rod serling act_one standard road open shot of the sky ... the various nebulae and planet body stand out in sharp , sparkling relief . as the camera begin a slow pan across the heavens -- narrator's voice there be a sixth dimension beyond that which be know to man . it be a dimension as vast as space , and as timeless as infinity . it be the middle ground between light and shadow -- between man 's grasp and he reach ; between science and superstition ; between the pit of he fear and the sunlight of he knowledge . this be the dimension of imagination . it be a area that might be call the twilight Zone . the camera have begin to pan down until it pass the horizon and be flush on the open shot ( each week the open shot of the play ) . we be now look down the small two - lane asphalt highway . it be dawn , the road be desert save for a small diner on the leave hand side . a break neon light flash on and off over the front door . from inside the sound of a rock - ' n ' - roll record lend a strange , raucous dissonance to the early morning silence . then the camera sweep right for a long shot mike ferris who suddenly appear , walk down the road . his step be tentative , unsure . he 's a tall man in he thirty . his dress be nondescript , he only identifiable garment be army pants . there 's a indecisiveness , a puzzlement , in he feature as he come closer to the camera , see the diner , stop , rub he knuckle over the side of he face and feel he beard 's stubble . he pat in he pocket , unsure , reach in and pull out a couple of dollar bill . for some reason this buoy he up . he look a little more resolve as he walk up the step and into the diner . narrator's voice we be look at a male caucasian , age approximately thirty - one , height approximately 5 ' 11 " . as to he name , where he be , and what he 's do there -- this even he do not know . for the journey that this man will take be a excursion into the shadow , and all of you be invite to go along . dissolve to : open billboard int . diner it be a small , nondescript , typical eatery with a row of small booth along the outside window , a counter , and a kitchen beyond . the room be empty . pan shot mike as he walk over to a stool and sit down at the counter , reach over , take a menu , study it for a moment , then turn and look over toward the juke box . mo . close shot jukebox garish , multicolor , still blaring out the music . mo . shot room he turn on he stool to look toward the open to the kitchen . close shot a oven inside kitchen through the glass we can see a row of six or seven pie baking and almost fully brown . mo . shot room Mike call out . mike ( sardonically call out ) be this thing loud enough for you out here ? I mean , can you hear it all right ? he grin wryly , wait momentarily for a answer that never come , turn and look again at the juke box . he rise , get off he stool , go over the juke box , look all around it , push it away from the wall a few inch , reach back , fiddle with a knob . the music go much lower . then , satisfied , he push the machine back against the wall and go back over to the counter . mike kind of early for that kind of music , be not it ? still , silence . mike I notice there 's a town just up the road . what 's the name of it ? again , silence . Mike put the menu down , peer through the little open to the kitchen . int . kitchen a small room with a couple of stove , et cetera . he go over to the stove , turn down the oven , and look around the room . he go over to a back door , try it and it swing open . he step back as it creak open and reveal the diner 's backyard . mike ( call out ) hey ? you get a customer out front ! hey ! customer here ! still no answer . Mike turn , retrace he step to the lunch counter . mo . shot room Mike still show no real emotion beyond a puzzlement . he 's neither frighten nor concerned as yet . again he pick up the menu and study it . he talk out loud , now . mike I think ham and egg . egg up and soft . hash brown . coffee . Black . ( look up , call out again ) customer ! get a customer out front ! ( he rise from the stool again -- stick he head in the kitchen ) Ham and egg . hash brown . coffee black . he stand there by the open , swinging door stare into the empty kitchen . his eye dart about now and for the first time we see something beyond puzzlement on he feature . what supplant it be irritation , not acute , but definitely there . he reach into he shirt pocket and take out a crumpled pack of cigarettes , go back to the lunch counter . now he scratch he head , sit down on the stool for a long moment . suddenly the music on the juke box stop . the sudden cessation of noise bring with it a silence even more obvious . Mike turn to stare at the juke box . he look up at the clock . close shot clock it be on the counter near the coffee urn , its face turn sideways so that Mike can not see it . mo . close shot mike as he go over to the clock to turn it around and stare at it . close shot clock it read a quarter to six . mo . shot mike Mike turn away from it , but in do so brushes against it and knock it to the floor . close shot clock on the floor as Mike bend over and pick it up . the face of it be break . he put it back on the counter , then go back over to he seat . mo . close shot mike his finger tap a nervous staccato on the counter top . the silence now begin to be oppressive and nerve-rack . suddenly , as if a afterthought , he reach into he pocket and pull out the money , look at it in he hand , then reach into all he other pocket . he find nothing . he rub at he face again . Mike speak aloud but obviously to no one in a attempt to make noise or sound or just to end the stillness . mike Cash customer here . hungry cash customer . ( he rub he face again ) I get two dollar and eighty - five cent . ( he look at the money very thoughtfully , almost questioningly ) two dollar and eighty - five cent , american money . ( then he stop and look off in obvious puzzlement ) american money . ( he throw it out into the air as if to reassure himself as to the meaning of the phrase ) sure , american money . he look at the clock again , and into the open to the kitchen and the swinging door , at the silent juke box , and back at the money in he hand . mike well , we get this much settle . I be a american . ( he raise he voice a little now as if to wake someone in the next room ) there 's a little question about my identity . let I put it to you this way -- I be not sure who I be . ( he hold up the money ) but I have get two dollar and eighty - five cent and I be hungry . ( more ) mike ( cont 'd ) this much be establish ! he get up off the stool and suddenly slam both palm down hard on the counter , make all the salt shaker and catsup bottle quiver and rattle . mike ( shout ) I get two dollar and eighty - five cent and I be hungry ! he stop dead now , listen to the silence that enfold and surround he . then he look around . again the sense of irritation . he take a drag on he cigarette , then butt it out , rise , go to the front door and stare out . ext . lunch room the long road that lead away from the lunch counter without a sign of traffic , people , or anything . he whirl around to look back into the lunchroom . mike ( aloud ) I be gonna wake up in a minute . I know I be gonna wake up . I wish ... I wish there would be a noise or something to wake I up . he suddenly stick two finger in he mouth and whistle , listen for a moment , then he whistle again , kind of grin to himself . mike a little noise , please ! ( now he sing at the top of he voice ) " yes sir , that 's my baby . no sir , do not mean maybe . yes sir , that 's my baby now ! " he laugh a little sheepishly , listen for a moment to the silence , then he turn and go back to the lunch counter . int . lunch room Mike sit down , bury he face in he hand , rub he eye , massage he temple as if try to force out with he finger some connective link ... some reassurance of existence ... some knowledge of where he be and what he 's do . once again he look around the room . pan shot with he eye take in the shot of the coffee urn , the menus , the salt and pepper shaker , all the simple , commonplace , terribly normal adjunct to what should be a normal scene but somehow be not . he rise now , look around again , then walk to the door . close shot the ' OPEN ' sign on the door close shot mike as he slowly reach down and turn the sign over to read close . then he walk out . dissolve to : ext . town STREET mike' p.o.v . it 's still early morning , and what we be look at be the main drag of a small town , flanke by store , a courthouse , a post office , et al . the most singularly overwhelming feature of this be the complete absence of motion and all noise . long shot mike ferris as he walk down the sidewalk look from one side of the street to the other . track shot past store as Mike go by they . drugstore , grocery , soda bar . most of the door be open and there be light on inside , but there be no people . there 's a odd , indefinable feel that permeate the scene , a sense of activity and yet come with no player , and no people , as if it be a place full of motion and movement suddenly stripped of the people perform it . long shot down the STREET from Mike 's point of view . it be devoid of any kind of movement whatsoever . it be absolutely quiet . over this tableau we superimpose the title , " where be everybody ? " along with major credit . close shot mike as he stop and look around . he be suddenly startle by the sound of chime . he whirl around and look up . long shot church steeple bell as it ring . close shot mike he shade he eye to search out the church and then , in turn away from it , he stop abruptly , stare at something across the street . long shot across the STREET a little clothing store and alongside of it a alley where a large delivery truck be park . in the cab , in the passenger - seat , a human figure can be see . long angle shot look down as Mike go to the curb , crane he neck to look over to the truck . mike hey , miss ? miss ? ( he make a gesture that be part a wave , part a attempt at reassurance ) over here , miss . look , I wonder if you could do I a favor ? I do not want you to think I be nut or anything . I mean , it 's nothing like that . it 's just that -- ( again he grin a little ) I do not seem to remember who I be . it 's the craziest thing . I have look all around and I have not see anybody around . I guess it 's just early or something . literally there have not be a soul . ( he take a step off the curb , look again toward the ( more ) ( cont 'd ) cab of the truck , a little puzzle . he smile again . ) you know , it 's a real oddball thing but ... well , I wake up this morning ... ( he stop and rub he jaw ) I do not exactly wake up . I just sort of find myself on the road walk . ( and then suddenly ) amnesia , that 's what they call it , be not it ? amnesia ? well that must be what I have get . I just do not remember a thing ... I can not find anybody to ask ... tracking shot as he start to walk across the street . mike ( as he walk ) you be the first person I have see . look , I really do not want you to be frighten or anything , but I be wonder if you could just tell I if maybe there 's a doctor or something . close shot mike as he stop dead in he track . he 's about ten foot from the truck . mo . long shot the truck the female figure be outline in the passenger seat but very much in the shadow . moving shot mike as he get close to the cab . close shot profile female head flash close shot mike' eye as they suddenly narrow in reaction . close shot mike' hand on the door handle as he suddenly yank the door open . mo . close shot inside the cab the female figure suddenly slump down in the seat , she head stick out of the open door , the hair cascade down . the camera pan slowly across she body until it stop at what should be arm . there be no arm . Mike reach over , grab at the hair of the figure and pull it up and around , to stare into the wooden face of a mannequin . he very slowly let loose and the mannequin tumble back onto the seat and then down to the floor of the cab . close shot floor he mannequin stare up with glassy , manufacture eye . mo . shot mike as he slowly back away , then turn to read the lettering print on the side of the truck . close shot lettering it read , resnick's store mannequin . close shot mike as he lip form the word that he 's read . then he turn to look through the window of the cab at the figure of the mannequin , he take a few step over to she and then very gently pick she up and set she back on the seat . mike I be very sorry , Madame . I can assure you that at no time do I mean to be so upsetting . as a matter of fact I have always have a kind of secret yen for quiet woman . ( then he grin ) you get what I mean , Babe ? ( he kiss he fingertip and then plant they on the mannequin 's nose ) now do not take any wooden boy friend . then he look at she again for a more pensive moment as if unspoken now be he earnest wish that this creature be alive and could be talk to . he turn away and walk back across the street . long shot mike as he walk . series of shot mike walking in different section and on different street . the last scene end with he stop abruptly to stare at something down the street . long shot gas station out in front be a glass - enclose public phone booth . long angle shot looking down at mike as he walk toward the gas station and go into the phone booth . mike look , I wonder if anyone there could tell I -- he stop abruptly , grin , shake he head , slap at the side of he head with a open palm , fish in he pocket and take out a coin , deposit it in the phone , then dial the operator . he listen to the dial tone that come on and off with dull regularity . he jiggle the receiver impatiently . mike Operator . Operator . will you listen to I ? he pound on the phone and then just indiscriminately dial a bunch of number . he 's about to throw down the phone in disgust when suddenly at the other end of the line he hear a dial tone ringing . he very slowly and very gratefully pick up the phone now and hear a voice filter at the other end . voice ( filter ) this be the special Operator . ( more ) voice ( cont 'd ) the number you have reach be not a work number . please make sure you have the right number and be dial it correctly . Mike start to shout into the phone . mike be everybody asleep over there ? what kind of operation do you people run ? then she repeat all she 's just say as Mike listen to she , excited beyond word that he have find someone alive . when she finish repeat the message he grab the phone and be about to speak when suddenly he hear the Operator 's voice again . voice this be a recording . there be a certain suggestion of tenseness that suddenly show on Mike 's face . voice ( filter ) this be the special Operator . the number you have reach be not a work number . please make sure you have the right number and be dial it correctly . mike a recording ? ( he pound on the receiver hook and shout ) Operator ! look , all I want to know be where I be . I just want to know the name of this place . then he slowly let the receiver loose and it hang down from the phone box . Mike 's hand touch and then grasp a telephone book , a thin one that he grab and look at hungrily . close shot telephone cover on it be write oakwood . mo . shot mike he rip open the cover , look down at the first page . mike A. abel. ackerman . Adams . allenby . Arnold . all right , boy , where be you ? ( he voice be a little edgier now ) where do you all live ? just in this book here ? ( he rip the page open ) Baker . beldon . biltmore . botsford . well , look , gang -- who 's watch the store ? he suddenly turn to look out at the street . full shot the STREET mike' p.o.v. mo . close shot mike mike who 's watch any of the store ? he let loose of the phone book now , let it fall to the floor , and stand there motionless for a moment , deep in think . then he automatically reach for the door handle , turn it , and push . nothing happen . he try again and it remain lock . he wait a moment , then put all he weight against it . it do not yield . it be more than irritation that we see on Mike 's face now . there 's the first suggestion of a real concern . he look around he strange , glass prison . mike all right . who 's the wise guy ? who lock the door ? ( he try the door once again ) it 's a great gag . he pound again and then suddenly stop and look all around . pan shot from mike' p.o.v . from inside the phone booth . the camera move all the way around the glass , almost in a three hundred and sixty - degree pan . mo . close shot mike he laugh softly , shake he head . mike trapped in a phone booth ! trapped in a glass phone booth , like a goldfish . ( then he suddenly call out ) well , here I be ! you get I ! everybody come see ! I be right here on display ! long angle shot looking down at mike in the phone booth , as once again he start to pound on the glass . mike how about a hand , somebody ? a little assistance -- how about it ? this be a absolutely hysterical town , and I be grow very fond of it , but I would appreciate it if he stop abruptly . close shot mike' face as he stare at something through the glass . close shot a cigar half -smoke and still burn , lie on the sidewalk just outside the booth . angle shot look into Mike 's face through the glass . for the very first time there 's a look of incipient fear . mike look . whoever 's out there . this be not funny any more . you understand ? I do not like this jazz . it 's get dull . ( he look around again ) ( more ) mike ( cont 'd ) look , I know I can be hear . I know ... I know somebody 's watch I . immediately after he 's say this he realize he have suddenly give voice to he fear . he 's label what be beginning to bother he . simply a sense of be watch . he suddenly bend down , pick up the phone book , fling it against the glass of the door . the glass disintegrate . Mike stick he hand through , open the door from the outside , then kick at it with he foot . it spring open and halfway off its hinge as he go out onto the street . then he look down at he hand . it 's cut ; a rivulet of blood run down through the finger . he feel for a handkerchief , take it and wrap it around the hand . he squeeze it a couple of time , try to get more blood to flow . then he start down the street again . long shot STREET mike' p.o.v. once again the sense of emptiness and loneliness and that bizarre quality of activity with no actor . track shot with mike as he continue down the STREET he pause in front of a building and look up . close shot sign which read , police station . track shot he walk up the step and into the building . int . police station there 's a small anteroom , and then a open , bar door which lead to a corridor line with cell . mo . close shot mike as he enter and look around . there be a police sergeant 's desk , file , picture of want man on the wall . a teletype machine hum in the corner . Mike go to look at it . the light over it be on , but nothing be be write . he whirl around and stare toward the sergeant 's desk , go behind it , pick up a microphone , finger it for a moment , then talk into it . mike Calling all car . Calling all car . unknown man walk around the police station . suspicious look character . probably want by the FBI -- then he stop , look at the mike , chuckle softly for a moment and then stop abruptly , the smile go . he fling the microphone away from he and look slowly around the room . mike I wish I could shake that feel ... ( he look around again ) that crazy feel of be watch ... listen to ... he stare toward the cell door then begin to walk slowly toward they . close shot mike as he stand in the middle of the next room , look from empty cell to empty cell . then he whirl around at a bubbling sound . there , on a hot plate , be a pot of coffee perk . behind he we see the bar door lead to the anteroom begin to close . Mike 's eye look wild , as if subconsciously he realize he 's in danger . he whirl around to see the cell door close and then , with a shout , throw himself against it , push it away before it lock . he seem to hang on it now , breathe deeply . mike all right , time to wake up ! time to wake up now ! he whirl around , he face distort , close up against the camera . he shout . mike time to wake up ! he stumble through the anteroom and then back to the street . ext . STREET long angle shot look down at Mike as he stand in the middle of the empty street , the store around he , the quiet . he suddenly scream . mike where be everybody ? where be everybody !? fade to black : end_act one act_two fade on : film clip a hot and high afternoon SUN shimmer in a sea of heatwave . the camera sweep down until it be level with the street and a long shot mike ferris as he sit on a curb , stare dully and numbly across at nothing . the church steeple clock sound two . he look up , listen to it , but be no longer shocked by it . he just let the sound of the chime play along the edge of he consciousness without really be aware of they . now he rise and walk slowly , methodically , without much apparent purpose across the street . he look up to see a sign read drugstore . he enter . int . drugstore it be light and cheerful inside . on the leave hand side be the soda bar with a big mirror behind it full of sticker advertising various concoction -- soft drink , ice cream , sandwich . Mike , as he enter , pause by the cigarette and candy counter . he look through the glass for a long moment , then reach behind and take out a couple of cigar . he unwrap one , stick it in he mouth , light it , take a couple of draw , butt it out , reach in another box , take one of that , then look in the box . mike two for a dollar . now that 's more like it . I always like a expensive cigar . then he turn with a smile and say to nobody . mike how about you guy -- any of you want a cigar ? series of shot of empty booths mo . close shot mike as he get up on a stool . mike I will take a chocolate soda with chocolate ice cream . he start to laugh , but the laugh be check almost immediately as he see he reflection in the mirror behind the counter . his finger run exploringly across he face , take in the beard stubble , the hollowness beneath the eye , the strange , haunt , frighten look that be obvious there . he look at himself again for a long moment . mike you will forgive I , old pal , but I do not recollect the name . the face seem vaguely familiar ... but it 's the name that escape I . ( a pause ) I '1l tell you what my problem be . I be in the middle of a nightmare that I can not wake up from . ( he point to the reflection ) you be part of it . you and the ice cream and the cigar . that police station and the phone booth . that little mannequin . this whole bloody town , wherever it be . ( a pause ) whatever it be . I just remember something . scrooge say it . you remember scrooge , old buddy ? ebenezer scrooge ? it 's what he say to the ghost , Jacob marley . he say , " you may be a undigested bit of beef , a blot of mustard , a crumb of cheese , a fragment of a undone potato . there 's more of gravy than of grave about you . " you see ? that 's what you all be . you be what I have for dinner last night . you must be . but now I would like to wake up . I have have it ... I would like to wake up now . and if I can not wake up , at least I would like ... I would like to find somebody to talk to . he rise now and go behind the counter . he start to fix himself a chocolate soda , experiment with some of the cupboard until he find the right ingredient , the ice cream , the milk , et cetera . then he mix himself a soda , tall , frosty , delicious . he start to sip it with a straw as he walk around the drugstore . he stop by a poster of a high school football schedule . close shot cardboard sign it read , oakwood high school , 1958 schedule . a list of team and date to be played appear below . mo . close shot mike as he take it in one hand and read it as he sip the soda . but the normality of it suddenly point out the incongruity of what he 's live through . he put the poster back on the counter , shaking he head , stare at it . mike I must be a very imaginative guy . very imaginative . nobody in the whole world can have a dream as ... as complete as mine . right down to the last detail . ( he tap the poster ) right down to the last detail . he turn , stare across at a big magazine rack near the front window of the store . he cross over to it , stare down at some of the magazine , then kneel down , interested . he begin to trace the date on each one of the magazine . the majority of they say October 1958 and he mouth form that phrase , " October 1958 . " then he bite he lip , shake he head again , rise , look down at the group of comic book , each with a lurid title have to do with horror theme , spook theme , et cetera . then suddenly he stop and look down at one , the cover of which be peeping out from behind the other and whose title be visible . he reach down and pull it out just a few inch farther so that he can read the entire title . tight close shot cover the title : the last man on Earth . mo . shot mike he pick it up and stare at the cover , then fling it down on the floor . he turn rapidly away and head back to the counter where he put the soda down . he be suddenly grip by another spasm of such utter loneliness that it force he out onto the street . ext . STREET camera follow he out of the store . as he get out on the street he suddenly shout , shrilly , illogically . mike ( shouting ) hey ! hey , anybody ! anybody hear I ? anybody hear I ? he almost lurch to the other side of the street where he bury he face against the window of a building . when he head go back he see the letter U.S. post office and he start to laugh again . mike any mail for I ? anybody write I a letter ? I do not know what my name be , but maybe you can tell I in there , huh ? will you tell I what my name be ? he pound he fist against the glass and then suddenly have to stifle what obviously be a sob as he begin to give in to the loneliness and to the unknown and to the pulsate , gnaw fear that envelop he . then he turn away from the window , struggle for composure . close shot mike he look at something across the street . camera sweep wide until it stop on -- long shot build with a sign read CITY bank . long shot mike as he get up off the bench , walk across the street , and into the bank . int . bank track shot mike as he walk past all the teller ' cage . he stop at the end of the line , press he face against the bar . close shot row after row of stacked bill mo . shot mike mike I would like to borrow about eight hundred thousand dollar . how about it ? ( then he nod and grin ) thanks . I think that 's generous of you . I think that 's really generous . he pull the bar up , reach in and take two package of money . then he start to retrace he step toward the front door . he 's about to leave when he look toward the first teller 's window . mo . shot rows of coin on top of the counter mo . shot mike he take some of the bill that he 's cramme into he shirt pocket , throw they away . mike gotta make room for some silver . he go behind the teller 's window and start to cram roll of coin into he pocket . then suddenly he eye look wild again as he look up , he eye scan the room . and again , illogically , the same mixture of wisdom and paranoia . mike somebody watch I ? he go out in front of the teller 's cage again and look around . mike somebody watch I ? he look up toward the ceiling and around as if expect to see someone . mike crazy feel . crazy , odd - ball feel . like ... like I know someone be watch I . and then he eye narrow again in a awareness of danger . mike watch I ... and try to button I up someplace . try to trap I . he look around wildly again . close shot he legs as he start to run toward the door . he trip over some sort of a lever close to the teller 's cage . flash shot alarm bell on the wall as it begin to ring . long angle shot looking down at mike as he stop by the front door and whirl around as the loud , dissonant clanging pierce the quiet . then he whirl around and try the front door again . it 's lock . series of flash shot Bell . teller 's cage . lock door . Mike 's hand . Mike 's face . track shot mike as he race toward the alarm on the wall . he grab the wire that extend from it and suddenly yank on they , pull they apart . the bell abruptly stop . then he whirl around and stare at the front door . close shot door it be now ajar . mo . shot mike as he go back toward the teller 's cage , grab the coin and bill , cram they back into he pocket . he walk toward the open door , then out onto the street again , leave a trail of silver and bill behind he . he sit down on the curb , unwrap the handkerchief from around he hand , wipe he face with it . he reach into he pocket , take out a crumpled fistful of bill , take one out , grin at it , take out the remnant of a cigar , stick the cigar in he mouth , take the bill , light it . mike here 's something I have always want to do . always want to do this . he take the light bill and light a cigar with it , then he let loose of the burn bill and watch it flutter to the ground and disappear in ash . Mike watch it burn , and then slowly he face look tired , hopeless . mike Big deal . so what ? Big deal . he let he head hang a moment . dissolve to : ext . town square [ night ] tight close shot STREET lamp as it suddenly go on . camera then pan down for a shot of mike on a bench look up toward the light . then he turn to look toward the street flanking the square . the light have go on in front of all the store and in the window . close shot mike reacting . mo . long shot theater marquee as the light go on around it . track shot mike he walk across the street , stop by the ticket window , and then , almost dreamlike , speak . mike I would like one tick -- then he stop , shake he head , close he eye , realize how ludicrous this be . he be about to go in when he suddenly stop and stare at a poster advertising the movie . close shot poster which show a air force pilot in he coverall advertising the movie . mo . close shot mike as he suddenly feel he own outfit and gradually make the connection that the uniform of the man in the picture be similar to that which he wear . mike Air force . Air force . ( then he whirl around , look up toward the sky ) Air force . I be air force . ( he once again look down at he coverall and feel they , grab at they ) Air force . I be in the air force . track shot mike as he walk from the outside of the theater , through the lobby , on into the interior . mike ( shouting ) hey , everybody . I be in the air force . I remember that much . I be in the air force . do anybody hear I ? I be in the air force . and then once again he rub he eye , run a hand wildly across he face and then suddenly survey the theater . CUT to : full shot the theater there be enough light on to cast a soft orange glow through the room . he look around at the absolute , vast emptiness of the place . then he sit down , check he watch , look up at the big white screen with nothing on it . he look at he watch again and then settles down in the chair , he eye close , and he start to succumb to the fatigue that sweep over he . mike Air force . what do that mean ? be there a bomb or something ? be that what happen ? that must have be it , a bomb . but if there be a bomb -- ( he look around the empty theater now ) it would have destroy everything . and nothing be destroy . suddenly he be aware of the light lowering . he start and he eye open wide in time to see the last of the light go down . a long beam of white light shine from the projection booth and suddenly on the screen appear a big introductory title , cartoon parade , with appropriate march music . Mike leap to he foot , look from the projection booth down to the screen . he suddenly start to run down the aisle , shouting . mike hey ! hey , somebody up there ? he stop in front of the projectionist 's light so that we get a almost nightmarish picture of the cartoon partially show on he face and body as he scream . mike hey , somebody up there ? who 's run the picture ? can you see I ? can you see I up there ? hey ! then he race back up the aisle , arrive at the rear of the theater . he look wildly around , then he see a door with a glass window , step visible on the other side . long angle shot stair as he race up they . int . projection booth as he burst inside . the picture be run from one of the two projector , but the room be absolutely empty . Mike race over to the machine , bend down and peer at it as the film go through and he hear the sound of the cartoon music and voice . this be too much for he . he throw himself against the wall , peer out of the small , circular hole that the picture shoot through . long angle shot through the hole of the vast , empty theater . int . projection booth he turn away , go out the door , stumbling down the step . angle shot down stair he continue down the step and out into the lobby again . int . lobby he stop for a moment and look across the lobby . mo . long shot popcorn machine that be at this moment make popcorn . close shot mike as he close he eye , shake he head . then he open they . his eye go wide . he start to run toward the camera , come up very close and almost at the point of impact we CUT away to : tight two shot of Mike and a mirror as he smashes he face and hand against it and then recoil from the reflection , back off a few foot , and then look at the mirror on the opposite side of the room . the combination throw off reflection almost to infinity . he look from leave to right stare at the hundred of Mike ferrise who ape he in he every movement . then he stop and look across at the refreshment stand where the popcorn continue to pop in the big container . this , too , be more than he can stand . his face screw up like a small child about to cry , and then he shout . mike oh my God . oh my dear God ! he stumble through the lobby and out into the street . ext . STREET he stumble down the street aimlessly now , intent only on move , not find . his footstep start to drag and finally he stop , sit down on the curb , bury he face in he hand , rub he eye . then he look up to once again find himself look through the drugstore window , the magazine that he would be read lie on the floor face up . high angle shot look down through the window , distorting the cover of the magazine in such a manner as to make the lettering appear big and irregular . once again the title slap at he across the face . the last man on Earth . he rise slowly , back away from the window , shaking he head . he turn and race across the street . suddenly , then , he stop abruptly as the light on the corner change to red and he instinctively come to a halt . and then he stop dead , realize once again the ludicrousness of it . he begin to laugh -- the laughter become convulsive , wild . all the way across the street he continue it . track shot as he go by all the store that we have be introduce to . as he go by each one a sound emanate from it , a sound way out of proportion to what it actually should be . when he pass the pool hall we hear the mammoth bowl alley sound echoing from it . from in front of the theater come a cacophony of music and laughter . from the drug store there be a fizzling , bubbling sound of drink . from the record store , the dissonant , blaring sound of music . as each noise join in it become mumble and part of a big morass of noise . gradually the very dimension of it so frighten and shock Mike that he begin to back away from each store as he pass -- it as if be assault on all side . he stumble against a street post , whirl around , frighten , stare at it , and then suddenly , almost supplicatingly , throw he arm around it , bury he face against it . he start to sob . mike wo not somebody help I ? wo not somebody please help I ? then he sob subside and he stand there , breathe deeply . his eye slowly open . sweat stand out on he feature . he look haggard , desperate , close to crack . the noise somehow , for no apparent reason , suddenly stop and there 's a deep , dead , all - pervade silence again . Mike 's eye travel up the post , stare up toward the sky . he squint against the sun . mike who 's watch I ? who 's look at I ? ( scream ) who 's look at I ? he look down toward the street . long shot the STREET he move to the middle of the road again , still look up toward the sky , and then as if suddenly see a adversary , begin to run . close shot store window as Mike back into it , try to get inside , reach for the door and miss , and then slamm he face against the front pane . close shot mike' face and eye look from inside the store outside toward he . his eye go wide and he start to scream . close shot over mike' shoulder at a huge eye look at he . mo . shot mike as he start to run away from the store again . the camera take in a shot of a optometrist 's sign with a huge eye that Mike have see . track shot mike as he run back toward the post . he grab it and hold on tight , then he look down . his hand have touch a button and he look down at it . tight close shot a button with a sign over it : push to turn GREEN . mo . shot mike as he look away toward the light . close shot the light mo . shot and then suddenly Mike slam the palm of he hand against the button and punch it over and over again . mike somebody help I . help I . help I . close shot the light as if flash from red to green , from green to red , from red to green , over and over again . close shot mike' hand as he keep push the button . his voice , sobbing , screeching , plaintive , frighten . mike somebody help I . please . please , help I dissolve to : out of focus on he hand close shot in focus he hand push a button on a instrument panel . the camera dolly away until both the back of the panel and Mike 's face be on a small television screen . long angle shot down a line of officer in a view room as they intently watch the screen . we hear Mike 's voice as it coincide with a red light that flash brilliantly on and off over the view screen . mike' voice please . please help I . help I . a general , obviously in command , turn to he aide on he right . general clock he ! ( and then turn to he leave say to the officer alongside ) get he out of there , quick ! Officer two reach over for a hand mike . pushes the button . officer two release the subject ! on the double ! int . large hangarlike room in the center of it , illuminate by a couple of spot in a otherwise dark room , be a small , hermetically seal metal box about six by five foot and about five foot high . a slide panel be push back . several air force man reach down and start unstrap Mike and then carefully lift he through the hole . a white - clad medical officer begin to remove electrode that have be tape to he body at various point . by this time Mike have stop speak . his eye be half close . he breathes deeply and irregularly , slump forward in he seat . close shot he right fist smashed against the instrument panel . extremely tight close up he fist and the break glass cover a clock on the panel which read six fifteen . mo . group shot the AIR force men as they remove he . AIR force man one be careful . he 's cut he hand on that clock glass there -- long shot general and staff as they hurriedly approach the scene , they footstep ringing hollowly on the concrete floor . medical officer he 's all right , sir . delusion of some sort . I guess that 's it . he 's come out of it now . general ( nod ) Fine . you get all you data record ? medical officer yes , sir . every bit of it . general ( to Officer one who come up from behind ) do you get he clocked ? officer one yes , sir . four hundred and eighty four hour , thirty - six minute . general good . I would like to get a look at all the data when they be compile . I would like the reaction chart on he , too . officer two ( sotto ) the press , sir ? he point toward the opposite side of the room . long shot three or four member of the PRESS as they stand wait expectantly . group shot general and the other general on the run , if they do not mind . I want to talk to ferris . officer two yes , sir . he motion toward the press , and beckon they over as the General , the medical officer , and the other start walk in the opposite direction toward Mike ferris , who lie ona stretcher at the very far and opposite side of the room . track shot with the general and the reporter as they join he and start to walk across the room toward ferris . reporter one you consider it a success , sir ? general very much so . he 's be alone in that box for something in the neighborhood of four hundred and eighty four hour , which be roughly equivalent to a trip to the moon , several orbit , and then back . reporter one and this then be a simulate trip to the moon ? be that right , General ? general ( nod ) for all intent and purpose . reporter two what about the wire attach to he ? general electrode . all of he reaction have be chart and graph . respiration , heart action , blood pressure . at this moment they reach a point some ten foot away from where Mike ferris lie on a stretcher attend by a couple of medic . they voice become low . reporter three what happen to he toward the end ? just before he push that button or whatever it be . general what happen to he be that he crack . we assume delusion of some sort , but I '1l tell you something , gentleman -- you spend two and a half week all by you lonesome in a five foot square box without ever be able to hear a human voice other than you own ... I will give you especially good odd that you imagination would run away with you too , just as he obviously do . one of the medic look up , motion the general over . the general take a few step until he 's very close to Mike . general how do you feel , son ? mike ( he voice be weak but he 's obviously much improve now ) I feel much better , sir . I be sorry about ... toward the end . medical officer ( close by ) what be it like , ferris ? where do you think you be ? mike ( look from one to the other , wet he lip ) some place I do not want to visit again . a town ... a town without people . without anybody . medical officer and you have to get out of that town , do not you ? mike ( nod ) I sure do . ( then he look up toward the medical officer ) what be the matter with I ? just off my rocker , huh ? medical officer just a kind of nightmare , ferris , that you mind manufacture for you . the reporter lean forward strain to overhear this conversation . medical officer you see , ferris , we can feed stomach with concentrate . we can supply microfilm for recreation , read , even movie of a sort . we can pump oxygen in , waste material out . the camera now move around so that it be shoot just over the head of all the man assemble and be look at the box in the background which be on the periphery of the light . medical officer but there 's one thing we can not simulate . that 's a pretty basic need -- man 's hunger for companionship , the barrier of loneliness . that 's one we have not lick yet . at this moment the medic help ferris to he foot . he stand there motionless for a moment as if testing newfound leg , and then he look out toward the open hangar door at the night sky . mike next time though ... it will not be just a box and a hangar , will it ? general ( go to he side and look out toward the sky with he ) no , Mike . next time you will really be alone . there 's a long , thoughtful silence as Mike take a few step toward the hangar door . he pause for a moment near the box . a side have be remove so that he 's stare directly into the control panel where the break clock can be see still read six fifteen . close shot mike as he react . close shot cockpit as the camera pan over the break clock , a microphone which hang by the cord , a small microfilm apparatus , et cetera . mo . close shot mike as he look away and then continue to walk over to the hangar door . he slowly look up toward the sky and the camera sweep up for a long shot of the moon hang bright and lustrous in the sky . mike ( grin thoughtfully , stare up toward the silver orb , and then quietly ) do not go away up there . next time ... next time it will not be a nightmare or a dream . next time it will be real . so do not go away ... we will be there in a little while . then he start to walk out in the night follow by the other . the camera begin a slow pan back into the room until it be shoot on the box , squatting empty and impassive in the empty room . narrator's voice the barrier of loneliness . the palpable , desperate need of the human animal to be with he fellow man . lap dissolve to : night sky the moon and the star . narrator's voice up there ... up there be the vastness of space , in the void that be sky ... up there be a enemy know as isolation . it sit there in the star wait ... wait with the patience of eon ... forever wait ... in the twilight Zone . fade to black : the end