where the Wild thing be by spike jonze and Dave eggers ( base on where the Wild thing be , by maurice sendak ) name address phone wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . 1 int . max be home - evening Black screen : echoing through a house , we hear a boy barking and a dog yelping . the picture come up and a raggedy black dog tear down a set of stair , toward we . max , eight year old and wear a white wolf suit , jump down the stair , tumble toward the camera , growl and chase the dog . for some reason , Max be hold a fork . he jump to the bottom of the stair tucking and roll , screeching a feral war-cry and follow the dog off-screen . Max chase the dog under the dining room table and close in . he leap and grab the dog , and howling and somersault , they wrestle happily together until the screen freeze . CUT to : title card : where the wild thing be ext . snow - cover suburban neighborhood - day Max 's leg protrude from a hand - dig open in a large snow embankment - a remnant of the morning 's snowplow . he crawl out and stand over it , surveying he creation . a proud and crooked grin spread across he face . he run off toward he house , want badly to tell someone about it . int . / ext . max 's home - day Max run up to the window and tap on the glass . Inside be he sister Claire , 14 , talk on the phone with great intensity . we see only Max 's eye peer over the window sill . max ( muffle through the glass ) hey Claire ! wanna see something great ? Claire be too involved in she phone call to pay Max any attention . claire who else be there ? ( continued ) 1 * 4 * * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . 2 continued : max ( try again ) it 's a igloo . claire and ? max I make it . Claire do not respond . her phone call be very important to she . claire ( respond to the intrusion ) yeah , my brother . no , I can not . we be suppose to go to my dad 's that weekend . max the snowplow leave some snow across the street ... and I dig a hole into it . claire Max , go play with you friend ! Max be crush . he walk off , deject . int . igloo - day Max sit , rest in he igloo , deep in think . he exit the igloo with a makeshift flag -- a plastic bag tie to a birch twig . he march over to a nearby wooden fence and bark order to it . max you ! go that way ! you ! go that way ! the fence be not respond . Max kick it . max ( cont 'd ) do not talk to I like that . you be just a fence . go play with you own fence friend . now move out ! he run to he fort and carefully secure he flag to the top . he adjust it two or three time to make it just right - Max be something of a perfectionist . just then , Max watch as a car pull into he driveway . Max see a group of teenage boy and girl get out of the car and lope into he house . * 8a 10 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 3 Max get a idea . he jump into he igloo and scoops up all of he snowballs . he can not carry they all so he hurriedly roll they out the entrance . he run across the street to he house , closer to he prey , carefully balance he ammunition on he coat , kangaroo style . he hide behind the neighbor 's low fence . he wait , excitedly , organize he arsenal while stealthily peer over the fence . he watch the teens while they be inside he house . meanwhile , he make more snowballs . the teenager come outside with Claire . Max hold a snowball , giddy with anticipation . he wait until they be close enough and then jump up and unleash he projectile . his aim be not so good , but he have the element of surprise on he side . a few snowballs hit the teenager , and when they see that it 's he , they laugh and start throw snowballs back . the fight be on . as Max be reloading , a large mound of snow be dumped on he back . the boy be close now , on the other side of the fence . it 's time to retreat . Max bolt . he run across the street , giddy -- the thrill of battle . he get to he fort just in time and dive inside . he slide into he little cave - nervous and happy . he 's safe . but the boy be upon he . through the fort 's entrance , he see they approach . a arm come through the side , search for Max . Max squirm out of the way , he eye wide with alarm . then there 's a sicken crunch from above . another crunch . they be on the roof . Max look up . the ceiling cave in . Max be trap in a world of cold white . he claw he way out of the top , and we see he face , red , wet with snow and tear . he 's cold and humiliate . the two boy see how upset Max be . they pull back , feel awful . they walk back across the street . a horn honk - everyone be wait . the boy run back to the car . Max , hurt and shame , look for Claire among the teenager . he find she . Max and Claire lock eye . Claire look worried and feel bad for Max . Max hope that Claire will come over , to help and comfort he - even to stick up for he . ( continued ) + HH hk + ok 10 11 12 15 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . 4 continued : but she do not . she turn away to talk to someone in the car . the car , with Claire in it , drive away . shaken and raw , Max run to the house . int . max 's home - late afternoon ( continuous ) Max enter he house cover in snow , and run upstairs into Claire 's room . Max rip off he hat and glove and throw they on the floor . he jump up and down on Claire 's bed , dump snow everywhere . on she dresser , he see a elaborate valentine that he make she out of popsicle stick and construction paper . it say '' to Claire . Love , Max . '' he grab it and tear it to piece . as he calm down he realize what he 's do . he pick up the piece of the valentine and walk to he room . CUT to : int . max's bedroom Max lay in bed , silent , worried . on the dresser next to he bed be a globe , a antique , light from within . Max read the inscription on a small brass panel on the globe : to max , owner of this world . Love , dad he hear high heel click in the kitchen below . Max look forlorn , wishing he have not do what he 's do . his mom 's footstep echo through the house , get closer to the stair . mom ( call out ) hey ! I be home ! we hear she walk upstairs . she enter the room and see Max under he cover . she sit down on he bed and kiss he head . she 's wear she work clothes - a wool skirt and white cotton blouse . mom ( cont 'd ) hey . Max do not answer . mom ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? Max look up . ( continued ) 10 * + % + ok + % wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 5 15 continued : 15 max - Claire and she stupid friend - smashed my igloo . - mom * oh. * max * and she do not do anything about * it . * max ( cont 'd ) * I be sorry , honey . * ( with a sly smile ) * I would have do something about * it . * the guilt overtake Max . * int . claire 's bedroom -- continuous * he bring he mom into Claire 's room . Water squish * underfoot . * mom * Max , what have you do ? * she leave the room and come back with a stack of towel . * they both drop to they knee to soak up the mess . * mom ( cont 'd ) * ( under she breath ) * 16 oh my god . 16 * 17 int . mom 's office area — night ( later ) 17 * Max 's mom work at home at night in a room at the rear of the house . overlook the backyard , it 's a room use for many purpose . outside , the snow have turn to rain and it 's come down , silver streak outside the window . Mom be type on she computer , a older model , while talk on the phone to a co-worker . Max enter the room tentatively . feeling a bit guilty about earlier , Max want to make up with he mom . he fiddle with a few thing in the room , circle * he mom without overtly ask for attention . * Mom , still not pay any mind to Max , look anxious - but more than that , simply tired and wear out . as she continue * she phone conversation , we catch only glimpsis of she from Max 's point of view . * ( continued ) 17 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . 6 continued : mom ( hide she exhaustion with warmth ) no , I do not want to bother you , just ... just quickly can you tell I exactly what Mr. lasseter do not like about the report ? ... well what be I suppose to do ? no , I be just tired and there 's be some stuff here at home .... so what can I do to fix this ? Max , try to make she smile , adopt the posture of a robot . she look over to he . he continue walk robot- style and turn he head to smile at she , not notice he 's about to walk into the wall . he fall down , to comic effect . his mom bury a laugh and put she finger to she lip , tell Max to shush . Max grin . success . mom ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) I know , I know . I , uh ... but I better get start if I be gonna turn it in in the morning . he plop himself on the floor under she desk and look at he mom 's foot . she 's take off she shoe , but be still wear she tight ; Max tug gently on the tight over she right toe . mom ( cont 'd ) ( now a bit more upbeat ) no , I hear you , I hear you . this will be the last time I promise , okay ? thanks . she hang up and smile down at Max . mom ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) hey. max ( almost inaudibly ) hi. they sit in silence for a moment . mom I could use a story . max ummm ... sure . ( continued ) 17 * + % + ok + % 17 25-27 28 wiwta continued : this be a to think of revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 7 ( 2 ) 17 game they play together . Max look around , try * £ a good one to tell she . she open a new page on * she computer and start type he dictation . max ( cont 'd ) okay , there be some building ... * there be this really tall building ... and they could walk . then there be some vampire . one of the vampire bit the tallest building and he fang break off ... then all he other tooth fall out ... then he start cry ... and then all the other vampire say why be you cry ? be not that just you baby tooth ? and he say , no , that be my grow - up tooth ... and the vampire know that he could not be a vampire anymore , so they leave he . * Mom finish type and smile proudly and sadly at Max . * max ( cont 'd ) the end . Max smile back at he mom . 25 - 27 * int . school classroom - day 28 the classroom be a familiar one - Formica furniture and a * chalkboard , large window . the branch of nearby tree touch * the glass when the wind surge . * Max 's teacher , male , be short and thin , bearded and wear a * cardigan . * teacher ( warming to he subject ) -.. the sun be the center of we solar system . it 's the reason all the planet be here . its warmth * give we sunlight , make we planet liveable . of course the sun will not * always be here to keep we warm . it , like all thing , will die ... and when it do , first it 'il expand , * envelop all the surround planet , include Earth , before * consume they rapidly . ( now almost cheerfully ) the sun , after all , be just fuel * burn ferociously ... and when it run out of fuel ... well ... * ( more ) ( continued ) wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 8 28 continued : 28 teacher ( cont 'd ) it will be go . well after that , the solar system will go dark ... permanently . Max be silently horrify . he look around , study the * face of he friend . no one else seem to have hear what he * just hear -- that the sun , the universe , everyone who ever * live , will someday be go . * CUT to : - 29 int . max 's mom 's car - later that afternoon 29 * Max look out the window as the teacher 's voice continue . * teacher ( v.o . ) - I be sure by that time the human race will have fall to any number of calamity ... * Max and Claire be in the car with Mom - Max in the front * seat , Claire in the back . all be in they own world , * drive home on a rainy afternoon . * teacher ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) * ++. war , pollution , global warming , * tsunamis , earthquake , meteor ... but hey , who know , right ? have a * good weekend . * 30 int . max 's bedroom - dusk 30 Max be make a elaborate fort from he bunk bed , blanket - drape everywhere . he sit inside , turn the lamp on and - off . bore , he go to the door and , stand on a book , * yell downstairs for he mom . - max - ( yell downstairs ) - Mom ! Mom , come up here ! I rebuilt * the fort ! * mom ( 0.s . ) - Max , I be busy . * * Max be precariously balanced on the book . max * you gotta get inside it , the lava 's * come . * ( beat ) * oh , oh ! and it 's a rocket ship , and * * it 's gonna take off ! ( more ) ( continued ) 30 31 31a 32 33 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 9 continued : max ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) want I to save you a seat ? no response from Mom . Max look around he room , look for option . he look at a set of armor and sword . pass . he glance to a nerf basketball hoop . pass . a Lego set . pass . he see he wolf suit hang on the back of he door . hmm . int . max 's house - dusk with a triumphant music cue , Max come strutting downstairs , in he wolf suit . int . max's live room - continuous Max walk through the foyer , arm cross before he chest . peek around a corner , he see he Mom and the boyfriend exchange a kiss on the couch . mom ( cont ’d ) boyfriend you be really .... nice -.. cute they share a flirtatious laugh . Max be mortify . Mom and boyfriend toast . Max watch in disgust . Mom pick up a dirty plate and hurry back toward the kitchen . pass Max , she growl playfully at he . mom ( to Max ) hi , sweetie . ( loudly into the next room ) Claire , it 's almost dinner ! get you stuff off the table , please . Max follow she into the kitchen . int . kitchen - continuous his mom be cooking . Max enter the kitchen and drag a chair over to the counter lazily . it scrape loudly on the floor . mom shhh ! Max start sniff around . he look down he nose at all the food , examine it . Mom be too frazzle to pay attention . he get up on the chair and assess the work he mom be do . at the moment , she 's boil water in a pot . ( continued ) 30 * 31 * 31a - 32 * * * * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) 33 continued : mom ( cont 'd ) hey , shhh . max ( point to something on a plate ) Mom , what be that ? mom it 's paté . pg . 10 Max roll he eye and move on , dissatisfied , imperious . he fiddle with thing on the counter . he pick up a bag of freeze corn . max frozen corn ? what 's wrong with real corn ? he drop the package loudly on the counter . mom ( firmly , try not to lose she patience ) frozen corn be real . and get off the chair please . and go tell you sister to clear she stuff off the table . max ( yell , more or less in he mom 's face ) claire get you STUFF off the dine room table ! Max be testing she patience . mom ( urgently , under she breath ) Max , do not pull that now . instead of retreate , Max leap to stand on the counter . he stand there , hover over she , in he animal costume . they stare at each other . mom ( cont 'd ) ( whisper / plead ) Max , get off the counter , please , get off . I have a friend here ... you be embarrassing I . Max cross he arm and stare at she . ( continued ) 33 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . 11 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 max * woman , feed I ! * mom * ( exasperate ) Max , get off . get off the counter ! * Max just stare at she , defiant . * mom ( cont 'd ) * ( furious whisper ) get off the damn counter max ! now . now ! max * I 'il eat you up ! mom get down ! he growl loudly at she . max grrraar ! * Mom can not take it anymore . she lunge for he , and he jump * off the counter , flee , still growl . * mom * stop ! get over here ! 34 he tear through the live room , and , somewhat to he 34 surprise , she chase he . when they pass in front of the * boyfriend , the boyfriend take notice of the escalate * volume and urgency . * 35 in the front hall , she catch he , grab he and hold he 35 * roughly . * mom * Max ! what 's wrong with you ? * Max thrashes around in he mom 's grip . he kick and squirm * and , lose all control , he suddenly bite he mother 's arm . * she shriek . she drop he on the floor . he fall down in a * lump . she step back , hold she arm in pain . * mom ( cont 'd ) * ( completely enraged ) * ow ! Max , you bit I ! that hurt ! * Max be shocked by what he 's do , instantly realize that he 's go too far . * ( continued ) wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 12 35 continued : 35 Close on Max , we see that though he 's not sure what this mean , this word have hit he hard . Max turn to see the boyfriend enter the foyer . * as Mom be still in pain , the boyfriend hesitates - he 's * unsure if it 's he place to get involved . he stand . * boyfriend connie , he can not treat you like that . Mom turn to Max . mom Max , what be wrong with you ? why * be you do this thing ? * max * you be do thing ! * mom * you be out of control ! Max look at everyone . his mom , the boyfriend ... * max - it 's not my fault ! - this be the last straw with Max . he turn red with rage and run out of the house , into the night . his mom run out the door after he . * 36 ext . STREET - night 36 * mom - Max ! Max ! - Max tear down the street . * mom ( cont 'd ) - Max ! - 37 she follow he for a block , but quickly lose ground . 37 - Max cut across yard and down a embankment . now he 's free . * he run toward the forest in the distance , where the road * end and the tree begin . * 38 ext . nearby forest - night 38 * Max , still high from the run and still breathe hard , come into the forest . * ( continued ) 38 39 40-42 43 44 45 46-55 56 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 13 continued : he reach a small clear around a fall tree , where he have a few possession stashed . Max grab a large stick and stomp around , hit thing violently . the wind blow louder , whipping the leave around in a fury . Max , feel the night 's power , howl into the sky . he find himself at the shore . the star be out and the moon be reflect on the placid water . a boat float . Max look around to see if anyone be there . the boat be not tie to anything , and start to drift away . Max rush toward it and grab the loose rope attach to it . he pull the boat back slowly . he look around again , wonder if the boat have a owner , if anyone 's watch . he stand before the boat , the tree sway violently around he . Max step into the boat . the vessel slowly drift away . Max allow the boat to drift , watch seriously and 40 intentionally as the land grow more distant . the boat cut quickly through the sea . Max look past the bow toward he destination . there be nothing but open water . ext . ocean - dawn a pale early light paint the ocean pink . we see a wide , wide shot , with Max and he boat a tiny speck in the vast ocean . on board , we see Max look around at the horizon line . in front of he , no sign of the city . behind he be just water and sky . no land in sight . he settles in for a long journey . 46 Max sail in and out of night and day . he 's hungry and thirsty . rain come and go . he 's cold and wet and exhaust -- and it seem he ’1ll never see land again . finally , after many day , off the bow of the boat , he see a landmass , and within it , a bright glow . cut : night . he 's closer now . the island be in sight . a great black mound in the sea , with a orange glow - a fire - in the middle . 38 39 % + * hf -42 43 * 44 * 45 * * * -55 * * 57 58 59 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 14 ext . island - night landing on the beach be rough-going . the surf be thunder , and Max 's boat be toss about like a toy . when he 's close enough , he jump from the boat , gasp from the water 's cold . he get he bearing and pull the boat ashore . he stand and assess the island . Beyond the beach and the bluff above , he see a forest with a large fire raging . the flame ebb and flow , burst periodically like a grow bonfire . there be sound of chaos in the distance , audible even from the beach . Max , wet and cold , know he only chance at survival be to climb the cliff and move toward the warmth of the fire . Max skulk through the foliage like a cat . this be a truly dangerous , muddy forest - wild , primal and unpredictable . as the sound get louder , Max come upon a clear . through the tree Max see a enormous fire . around it be ten large hut , make of interlock branch . Max stay low . a huge creature appear in silhouette , backlit by the fire . hiding in the grass , Max watch , enthralled . Max study this creature as he walk around , crush one of this hut with he enormous arm . this beast be carol -- huge , stripe and with two horn atop he head . carol that 's it . tear them all down . tear ‘em down . come on ! we have get a few more to go over here . ( beat ) be anyone go to help I ? judith who say that we do not like they ? judith be female , with two horn and one prominent at the end of she huge snout . her voice be sardonic and sharp -edge . ira we like they . they be nice . ira be close to judith , and have a huge oval nose and sad eye . he speak like a tired old man . carol I mean , this be a problem . do not you see this be a problem ? ( continued ) 57 * + % ee + % 59 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 15 continued : alexander I will ... alexander be the smallest of the Wild thing , just a little bigger than Max . he resemble a goat , with grey - white fur like Max 's , and a teenager 's voice . carol no , I 'il just do it myself ... alexander --. help . carol ++. as usual . douglas um , Carol , could I talk to you for a second ? douglas look like a gigantic rooster , proud and strong , with white feather . his voice be thoughtful , reason , steady . carol not right now , Douglas , I be busy . Carol smashes a hut . douglas uh , oh , okay I be sorry . carry on . carol and I be the only one who care enough to do this . he smashes another house . carol ( cont 'd ) or this ! he smashes another one . judith Carol , be this really necessary ? carol ask k.w. you ask k.w. if it 's necessary . ira she 's not here . she leave . ( continued ) 59 59 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) continued : ( 2 ) carol exactly . she leave . so it 's necessary . be anyone go to help I ? alexander ( awkwardly ) um , I will .... carol okay , okay , good . come on . here ya go . Carol pick up Alexander and hurl he into a hut . alexander ouch . carol thank you . alexander uhh ... glad to help . carol who else want to lend a hand ? ira what do you think , judith , should I help , too ? judith no , you should not help he ! ira I know . I just think it would make he feel better . judith ( exasperate ) good idea , ira . go stand in this hut over here before it get wreck . ira I know , I know I should not . judith ira , go stand in the hut over there so I can think . ira I all stand right over here . pg . 16 ( continued ) 59 I + ok * 59 wiwta continued : ( 3 ) ira walk over to the hut and get in . above and smashes the hut . ira ( cont 'd ) ouch . judith this be crazy ! ira ( laugh ) wow ! carol revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . Carol fly in from no , no it be crazy already . I be eliminate the crazy . be not anyone on my side ? be not anyone gonna be on my side anymore ? everyone stand in silence . nobody answer . Carol look sad . Close on Max , as he feel for Carol and relate to he . carol ( cont 'd ) ( defeat ) Fine , I 'il just be on my own side , by myself . hold on Carol , as he simmer . it 's finally quiet . carol ( cont 'd ) nobody care . nobody care . I be the only one that care that we do not stay together . I be the only one that care about that so .. he start to smash another hut . ira they be nice , Carol . carol see ? I care . judith Carol . carol you do not care and just stand there and whisper to each other about I like you always do . judith oh yeah , that 's true . 17 ( continued ) 59 + * hf * * +e fh + % 59 60 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 18 continued : ( 4 ) carol but I know what I be do . from far away , Carol hear a sound . it sound like a small animal growl . Carol look around to see what this noise be . it 's get louder . everybody look around to see what it be . suddenly Max burst into the scene , fly through the side of a hut . he startles everybody . wildly , he swing a huge stick around , destroy everything in he path . judith ira , what be it ? ira I do not know . judith do not smell like anything . Carol watch Max , excited by what he see , but also unsure about who or what this thing be . as Max be smash stuff , he exchange glance with Carol . Max hurl himself into one of the hut and land on the ground , in a comic thud . Carol approach Max , loom over he and sniff he . Max be nervous , but sniff Carol back . they growl at each other . Carol laugh . carol ( to the other ) see , this guy get it . ( to Max ) hey ... um ... weird little ... ( unsure what to call he ) -.. thing . I like the way you destroy stuff . good technique . there 's a spark to you work that can not be teach . max ( as if it be nothing ) thanks . carol alright , see that one over there ? you take that one , I ’1l1 take this one . see who can do it faster . okay ? max okay . ( continued ) 59 60 beri * + ok + % 60 61 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 19 continued : carol go ! Carol run off , smash a hut on the other side . with he big stick , Max approach one of the last remain hut . he smashes it and create a large hole . Inside the hut Max be surprised to see a large and menace bull - like creature , the bull . Max be frighten , and back off . when he turn around , he bump into Douglas , who loom over he . douglas hey , what be you do ? max I be just help . douglas by smash we house ? max this be you house ? douglas ( defensively ) yeah . what 's wrong with they ? judith ( feel judge ) what do you house look like ? ira I bet he house be funny look . douglas look , we work very hard on this . then you , sir , show up and start '' help . '' Max stammer . alexander I be cold . judith ( to Max ) who be you ? be you one of k.w. 's new friend ? douglas ( disapprove ) oh , be you Bob or Terry ? Max look confuse , unsure of how to answer all this . ( continued ) 60 61 * +e % | 61 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) continued : max I do not even know who that be . ira he look like a Bob . judith thing be get crazy here . this thing 's dangerous . alexander you be scare I . they stare at Max . Max be grow more and more with the direction this be head . judith you know what I say , if you have get a problem , eat it . douglas it 's the only way to solve this type of issue . ira yeah . the only way . pg. 20 61 concerned the creature circle in on Max as they discuss eat he . Max look from one Wild thing to the other , as judith , ira , Alexander and the bull grow closer . Carol be still on the other side of the clear , smash the last of the hut . judith oh , he 's probably get that little bird bone . douglas I hate that . judith you have that little bird bone that be gonna cut up my mouth , do not you ? max ( desperately ) no , I do not have bird bone . judith you better not . you better not be difficult to eat . do you think of that ? God , you be selfish . I hope you do not taste as selfish as you look . ( continued ) 61 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) continued : ( 2 ) Alexander laugh . max stop ... pg . 21 they be breathe hard . they tooth be gigantic . ira lick he lip . the bull snort . Max look up at they , panicked , back into a corner . he have to do something . ira come here . max stop ! ira oh , look at he - so delectable , so chewable . the Wild thing continue to close in on he . he arch he back and let out a voice much great and more commanding than we could ever expect : max beeeeee stiiiiiiill ! judith why ? Max be act like he 's casting a spell on they . the Wild thing freeze in they track . all be silent . Carol , far off , hear the commotion and head over . there 's a split second when Max can not believe it work . but there 's still tension . Max continue try to stare the Wild thing down . max because you can not eat I . you do not know that , so I forgive you . but do not try it again . judith why not ? Carol show up now , intrigue by Max 's power . max I have power from another land . from ancient time . do not make I show you . I have to show this Viking once -- ( continued ) 61 61 wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 22 ( 3 ) ira Viking ? what 's a Viking ? max ( building confidence ) they wear horn hat , and they be big -- bigger than you ! one time they attack I in my ice fortress . they try to cave in the roof , but I have make it too strong . I tell they to be still but they do not . I conquer they . I have to make they head explode . and then they realize I know all the secret to the world . and then you know what happen ? they make I they king . Carol have be listen intently and nodd during Max 's story . ira wow . carol ( seriously ) you be a king ? I know there be something special about he . I tell you guy . the other Wild thing be try to take this all in , overwhelm with all of this new information . ira ( worried for they safety ) so wait , you explode they head ? judith ( roll she eye ) oh come on . we head be bigger . ( to Max , matter - of - factly ) you can not explode big head . max no , they head be bigger than yours , believe I . ira ( incredulous ) but you be so small . max small be good . my power be able to slip right through the crack . ( continued ) 61 +e % | 61 wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) ( 4 ) judith what if the crack be close up ? max then I have a re-cracker that go right through that . judith but what if we have some sort of material that re-cracker can not get through ? max well , I have a double re-cracker that can get through any material in the whole universe and there 's no material outside of this universe that it can not get through , and that 's the end and there 's nothing more powerful than that and that 's the end . period . ira wow , he do sound powerful . judith ( bother that she 's be outsmart , mumble ) yeah , but there have to be some material somewhere , maybe really deep underground that if we combine it with -- carol shhh ! quiet . Carol turn to Max . carol ( cont 'd ) sorry . so you be they king and you make everything right ? max yeah . carol ( force nonchalance ) well uh , you know ... what about loneliness ? douglas what he 's say be , will you keep out all the sadness ? pg . 23 ( continued ) 61 + ok + % 61 wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . ( 5 ) max yeah , I have a sadness shield . it keep out all the sadness and it 's big enough for all of we . carol wow . max I just do this to loneliness . ( make a gesture of a bomb drop on loneliness ) pooooww . the Wild thing be astound . carol I know it ! when he show up , I see it . why do not you guy ever listen to I ? douglas you be right , Carol , I do not see it . Max be gain confidence . alexander ( confuse ) I do not understand . he do not look like a king . if he could be king , I could be king . judith shhh , Alexander . ira um , be you the king where you come from ? max yeah . yeah , for twenty year . the group murmur , impressed . carol that 's really important . judith that 's impressive . ira that be incredible . 24 ( continued ) 61 + ok + * hf * +e ff HH * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 25 61 continued : ( 6 ) carol well , look like we find we king . ( beat ) you be we king , right ? Max study they , look at all of they face in need , wait for he answer . max yeah . ( beat ) I be . judith oh , I be so relieved . ira sorry we be gonna eat you . we do not know you be king . judith that be insane . they all move in to hug he ceremoniously . ira oh my god ! it 's k.w. carol what ? we see a stringy - haire female Wild thing , stand off to the side . she have a blase sort of attitude . Carol look over , surprised and nervous . alexander ( excited ) hi , k.w.! douglas ( formally ) k.w. , it 's good to see you . Carol look over , cautiously study she . k.w. be check out Max and tentatively make eye contact with Carol . judith ( with a sneer ) I think you be with you new best friend , Bob and Terry . ( continued ) 61 a * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 26 61 continued : ( 7 ) 61 k.w. * what be you guy do ? * ( with a nod of she chin to * Max ) * who 's that ? * ira k.w. get in here . you gotta hear - this . we finally get a king . * douglas * that 's true . * ira * a very impressive one . - alexander - hey , k.w. we get a king ! you and I - could go for a walk and I will tell - you all about it . anytime . you - could carry I like a little baby . - k.w. - uh ... yeah . anyway , I do not even - know if I be stick around . I just - come back to ... - ( beat , look at Carol ) - - ..to get that one stick I leave - here . anyone see it ? - Max study she , try to get a read on she . she check he - out , too . - alexander * I will help . I be good at find * stick . * ira - k.w. , he 's very powerful ! * carol - ( whisper to the other Wild thing ) - shh , shh. stop . do not push she . - she will figure it out for herself . * just leave she be , okay ? * ( to Max ) - King . this way you majesty , please . - 61a Carol lead Max over to a pile of smoking ash . Max pass 61a - k.w. , still try to get a read on she . - 62 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 27 Carol and the bull guide Max to a smolder fire . judith , ira , Douglas and Alexander all linger behind and watch solemnly . the bull pass by Max and root around in some rubble on the ground . Carol be stand a distance away , hand clasped behind he back - very much the guy who pull the string . ira ( in a whisper of urgent excitement ) look ! he 's go to make we happy , Judy . judith light up momentarily then catch herself . judith yeah , but happiness be not always the best way to be happy . douglas judith . stop. judith he 's small for a king . be I nut ? he 's small . alexander yeah , that 's what I say . judith Alexander , shhh ! alexander sorry . douglas I like it better when we have a king . ( beat ) I like Carol better when we have a king . k.w . hey , what happen to we house ? douglas ( lie to cover for Carol ) oh ... um , they fall down . k.w. roll she eye and walk off . ( continued ) 62* + * hf * + % + fff HH hf * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 28 62 continued : 62 the bull take a scepter from the ash and hand it to Max . Max inspect the scepter reverently , and when he hold it , he instantly look king - like . Carol smile at he . Max watch as the bull root around for the crown . amid the ash , Max see a pile of bone . the bull find the crown near a rib or femur , and give it to Carol . max ( quietly , point to the pile of bone ) be that ... other king ? carol ( nervously ) no , they be here when we get here . I never see they . never even notice they . Max look uncertain . he look at Carol , and then the other wild thing . ira give he a big smile . Max smile back . carol ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? max yeah . jump ahead to : Carol crown Max . carol you be now the king . ( affect a ceremonial sort of gravitas ) and you will be a truly great king . Max grin with pride , look up , try to see the crown on he head . carol ( cont 'd ) oh it look good on he , look . he look great . huh king ? judith King ! King ! King ! King ! douglas it look perfect , Carol . ira we have a king . ( continued ) * + ok wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 29 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 carol * we get a king . everything 's go * to be different now . * the bull reach down to pick up Max , to show he off to the * other . * ira - oh , I know this part ! this be where - we be suppose to lift he up , and - it 's really exciting , right ? - wild thing arroooo ! arrooooo ! 63 as Max be lift onto a destroy hut , the bull bonk Max 's 63 head into a branch . * they all gather around Max , look up at he . they all chant . * wild thing * king ! king ! king ! * carol hey King ! what 's you first order of business ? Max think for a moment , then arrive at the answer . * max let the wild rumpus start ! carol perfect answer ! they all cheer . it be the right thing to say . they * celebrate . judith shove ira . judith yeah ! you hear that ? start * rumpuse , lazy . * carol come on . come on , King ! Max jump off the hut and start growl at the Wild thing . * they make a circle around he and growl back , imitate he . * he act like a monkey , and they act like monkey . Max make a * crazy roll rrrr sound at Carol . Carol gleefully do it back . Max be in the center of it all , loving it . k.w. watch - from afar , gaug the effect that Max have have on everyone . - Max take off through the forest , and everyone follow he . - ( continued ) wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 30 63 continued : 63 max - ( as he run ) guy ! follow I ! * they run through the forest . Douglas trip over a fall * tree . judith leap over the tree , kick Douglas in the * head . they all keep go . * Max fall , get up . the run and howling continue . - 64 ext . clifftop - dawn ( before sunrise ) 64 - Max run up a small incline to a clear on top of a cliff . - he circle a tree , drag he claw on it . the Wild thing - do the same , but they claw shred the bark off of it . = they all run up to the cliff , howling with Max . because Max * be stand close to the edge and they be careless , they almost knock he off the cliff with someone 's hip . Carol * immediately catch Max and place he back on the ground . * it 's comic , but also remind we that there 's danger still on this island . - 64a together Max and the Wild thing stand at the edge of the 64a * cliff , howling into the air over the vast ocean below . * wild thing ( howling ) aoooh ! * max aahooooo ! 64b it 's a glorious moment . Max look all around he , at the 64b * happy face of the giant beast . they be all howling with * abandon . now Max notice that k.w. have join they . she look * amused . * max ( cont 'd ) * ( curious ) * what ? * k.w. * you be funny look . that 's all . * Carol notice Max and k.w. interact and try to get Max 's - attention back . - carol - hey king , watch this . Max 's attention be divert by Carol . he 's leave the cliff and * be now return into the forest , jump high in the air -- like a frog but with a thunderous thump each time he land . * * 65 65 a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . 31 Max see Carol 's jump skill and have a idea . he chase after he into the forest , try to get he attention . max hey jumping guy ! jumping guy ! hey mister , wait up ! Max continue to run after he . max ( cont 'd ) hey jumping guy ! hey ! carol hey King , watch this ! Carol jump up and hit he head on the tree branch , and then fall down . carol ( cont 'd ) ( laugh , shaking a fist to the tree ) alright tree , we will settle this later . Carol and Max laugh . ext . forest - morning CUT to : Carol and Max walk through the forest as the Wild thing continue to rumpus on they own . alexander oh look . everyone want to be friend with the new guy . carol I hope you can tell how excited they be to have a king . sometimes they have a odd way of show it . I mean , not I , but sometimes they act weird , you know and it hurt other people 's feeling . judith ira , my love . ira what ? judith come here ! ( continued ) 65 * 65 a wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 32 Carol and Max watch as judith beckon ira over to she . ira okay . carol oh , that 's judith and ira . they be in love . we see judith hit ira with the tree trunk . we see Alexander run through the forest . alexander watch I ! look ! carol that 's Alexander . alexander look , look ! I hate this tree ! Alexander run head first into a tree . he fall down . carol he just want attention . do not give he the satisfaction . Douglas appear , busting open some tree with he fist . douglas 77 ... 78 ... no , wait . no , no , that be ... yeah that 's it , 78 . carol oh , and that 's Douglas . I count on he for everything . douglas ( modestly ) well , that 's not true . carol if I be strand on a desert island and could only take one thing , it would be Douglas . we could share he if you want , King . max that sound good , I might need one of that . ( continued ) 65 a + % + % 65 a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) continued : ( 2 ) carol ( walk toward Douglas ) Douglas , no no no , that 's not the way I want you to do it . stop . I will show you , wait . douglas oh , sorry . Max turn to find ira and judith close . ira he 's so little ... ( extend he huge hand to Max ) we have not formally meet . I be ira . I put the hole in the tree ; maybe you see that ? max abh .. ira or maybe not . anyway , it 's what I do . I mean , it 's not important like the thing you do . judith approach and cough . ira ( cont 'd ) oh , and this be judith . judith ah , you do not really need to know I . I be kind of a downer . Max laugh . ira King , that 's not true . judith ( to Max ) hey , let I see you face . Alexander approach , try to see what 's go on . alexander ( force nonchalance ) you could introduce I to the king if you want . they all ignore Alexander . pg. 33 ( continued ) 65 a + ok * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 34 65a continued : ( 3 ) 65a judith ( laugh , to Max ) - let I see you face . oooh . what be * that ? do not worry , let I see it . * she grab he face , as if she 's a doctor and have see some * terrible lesion . once she 's get he , she lick Max from chin * to forehead , and then laugh hysterically . * Max smile tolerantly and wipe the saliva from he face . * a loud crack behind they . the sound of a tree beginning to fall - it 's one that Douglas have punch . Max and ira scatter * as it come down with a great crash . - ira * you almost get I , Douglas ! almost get I . * * * now Douglas be hold a cat in he arm . douglas ( to cat ) we almost get ira . that would have be really funny . we will get he next time , will not we ? yes , we will . + * hf 66 Carol be behind a rock watch k.w. , who 's stand off to 66 - the side , by herself . - Max run up and dive behind the rock to see what Carol be - look at . - max - what be you do ? - Carol do not say anything . he 's preoccupy , watch k.w. - across the way . - max ( cont 'd ) - be she the one you be mad at when - you be smash stuff ? - carol - yeah ... no ! no , well , um ... I * think she be never come back . * max - well , it look like she 's back now . = carol - yeah , I hope so . - ( continued ) 66 wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . 35 k.w. , with a melancholy air about she , be stand apart from the other and they fun . Max watch she as she take everything in , processing it , a bit dismissive . max I be gonna get she ! Max start to run toward k.w. , get ready to leap onto she back . Carol panic . carol no ! no Max , do not ! do not do that . she 's do not like that kind of thing . come back ! come back here ! douglas £ ( turn to see Max run toward k.w. , urgently ) uh , King , I would not recommend that . Max run down the log and leap onto k.w. 's back with a happy growl . surprise , she stumble back and fall to the ground , laugh . Max roll off , he crown tumble off . k.w. laugh . Max jump back up and leap on she . he begin to tickle she . he stick he finger in she nose . k.w. ( laugh ) stop , stop . stop it , stop it ! pick someone else 's nose ! go Carol 's expression be one of relief and happiness . he 's excited that she 's have fun . Carol run to join in . k.w. roll over , protect Max as Carol land on they . k.w. ( cont 'd ) look out ! carol ahh. gotcha ! one by one all the Wild thing jump on . ira whoa ! judith Alexander , get over there and social . be ( continued ) 66 + ok 66 66a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 36 continued : ( 2 ) 66 judith throw Alexander onto the pile . more pile on . * judith ( cont 'd ) ( in mid -air ) let 's be like this forever ! * soon they be all in a huge heap on top of each other . when 66a * Max look up , he 's inside a gigantic pile of Wild thing body . everyone be laugh and groan from the weight . * we hear bit of what they be say : * judith * you guy never think this be I , * but this be really I . * carol * he 's start thing off right , we * king . * ira that be great . carol wow , this guy get thing do . * douglas * pile make very good sleep * device . * carol * that be fun . we forget how to have * fun . * douglas * that 's true , Carol . * carol * I mean , I do not , but ... * Max start crawl through the nook and cranny of the body - there be small , max-size tunnel . Max decide to * tickle everyone . they all laugh . the wall of the tunnel * shift as Wild thing wriggle and giggle . carol ( cont 'd ) * hey , k.w. , you toe 's in my ear . * k.w. * good ! you be keep it warm . * carol * hey , who 's on my face ? * ( continued ) 66 a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) continued : ira oh , I be sorry Carol . let I move . douglas oh , I like this . ira that be a great rumpus . douglas let 's be like this forever . someone 's body move and pin Max 's leg . max owww . pg. 37 Max try to get he leg unstuck but can not . it 's a little claustrophobic and he 's get nervous . suddenly ... in the wall of body , a head turn , and a pair of huge eye open , like two lamp be turn on . it 's k.w . Max look up . k.w. the king have a problem ? max ( worried ) my foot 's stick under this fat guy . with she free arm , she push someone 's blubber off extricate he foot . k.w. oh. there . max thanks . k.w. I be k.w. max I be Max . k.w. I know . k.w. look at Max grin for a moment . max so be you gonna stay ? and ( continued ) 66a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) 66a continued : ( 2 ) k.w. well ... max they all want you to . this seem to soften k.w. k.w. well , it 's complicated . ( she look confuse ) I do not even know how everything get this way . thing seem better now , though . k.w. smile . k.w. ( cont 'd ) ( teasing he for be so bossy ) okay , King . max so who be Bob and Terry ? k.w. oh they be really good friend of mine . I do not even know how to describe they , they be just different from everybody here . ( meaningfully ) -+. it 's just different . max well , do you like they more than -- k.w. ( interrupt he ) you ask a lot of question . what 's you story ? why have you come here ? max well ... ( thoughtfully ) I be a explorer and I travel a lot . and I travel by sea ... k.w. right ... max I use to travel by air . pg. 38 ( continued ) 66a ee continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 39 ( 3 ) k.w. oh , so obviously you have no home or family ? max I have one of that ... but I ... k.w. but you eat ‘em all . max no , no ! I just bit one of they , and then they go crazy . ( beat , talk to himself , justify he position ) I do not like freeze corn . k.w. ( sweetly ) oh , I be sorry . that 's why you leave ? max ( with a feel of loss ) yeah . ( mad ) they act like I be a bad person . k.w. well , be you ? max ( worried ) I do not know . k.w. well , I be glad you come . it will be good to have someone around who do not eat everybody . I mean , you just bite everyone . biter be not so bad , eater be the one 's I just can not stand . max I have no plan to eat anybody . k.w. alright , good . ( beat ) well , good night . 66a loe * Max crawl out of the middle of the pile - on . as he do so , the Wild thing exchange '' good night '' with each other . ( continued ) 66 a wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) ( 4 ) pg . 40 carol good night k.w. k.w. good night . carol night ira . ira night . carol good night Douglas . douglas good night Carol . carol good night judith . judith good night . ira good night , Judy . judith good night , darling . alexander good night . judith good night Alex . good night , King . max night . douglas oh ! good night , King . ira yeah , good night , King . douglas oh , this be nice . carol good night everyone . everybody sweet dream . once outside the pile , Max settles on the edge , put he head on someone 's leg . it 's morning now . ( continued ) 66a 66 a 67 67a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 41 continued : ( 5 ) Max have be up all night . in the orange light of dawn , Max see debris everywhere , like a landscape after a hurricane . Max reach in to get he crown and put it on . happy and exhaust , he drift off to sleep . ext . beautiful forest - morning we start in close on Max as he wake up . disorient , he realize he 's on the shoulder of a Wild thing , be carry high above the ground . he look down . it 's Carol . carol I do not want to wake you up , but I really want to show you something . max oh , okay . now waking up , Max take everything in . the sun be huge , the sky be a bright cobalt blue . a perfect day . Max climb up onto Carol 's shoulder , get a better look at the incredible landscape around he . he notice a group of tree with hole bored in they trunk - ira 's . carol and on the way I can show you you kingdom . Max , this be all yours . you be the owner of this world . everything you see be yours . oh , except that hole right there -- that 's ira 's . but , I mean the tree 's yours , but the hole be ira ''s . but everything else be yours ... except that rock over there , that 's not yours , that little rock next to the big rock . but everything else in the kingdom , except for that stick , that little stick right there , that 's not yours ... Max realize Carol 's be kid , and laugh . Carol laugh at how long it take Max to get the joke . they laugh together . carol ( cont 'd ) I want you to be king forever Max . max yeah , definitely . CUT to : 66a 67 * 67a * * 68 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 42 ext . vast desert - day Max and Carol walk side by side amid a endless expanse of fine sand -- a desert in the middle of the island . behind they be a 80 - foot dune . carol this part of you kingdom be not so good . max why ? carol ( he anxiety start to reveal itself ) well , look . this use to be all rock , and now it 's sand . and then one day it 's gonna be dust . and then the whole island will be dust . and then ... I do not even know what come after dust . Max pause , something weigh on he . max Carol ? do you know the sun be gonna die ? carol what ? Carol look up at the sun for a moment . carol ( cont 'd ) I never hear that . ( beat ) oh come on . that can not happen . you be the king . and look at I . I be big . how could guy like we worry about a tiny little thing like the sun ? Carol look up at the sun again , wonder . just then , a huge , mangy dog - at least 30 - foot -tall - lumber slowly by , far off in the distance . only Max see it at first . his jaw drop . max Carol , what 's that ? ( continued ) 68* * he eh hhh oh * + % 68 69 69a 70 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 43 continued : carol oh , it 's that dog . do not feed it , it 'o 1l just follow you around . CUT to : ext . base of silvery mountain - day Max and Carol be climb up a steep hillside of oversize silvery rock . Carol 's huge leg make climb the rock much easier than for Max . Max struggle to keep up . max Carol , wait up for I ! Max , climb over a great silver stone , finally see they destination ; Carol 's stand in the entrance . it 's a intricate wooden structure - some kind of Wild thing home - build into the side of the mountain . up ahead , Carol look around to make sure no one have follow they , and disappear inside . when Max finally make it to the door , he hesitates for a moment , then step inside . int . carol' workshop - day the room be large , a studio of some kind . it 's messy but full of project . Max enter and slowly walk around , take everything in . on the main worktable , a entire city be laid out , almost 20 foot long and six foot tall - building shape like mountain and hill in a organize , almost grid-like format . Carol scurries about prepare he creation , anxious about what Max will think . the detail be immaculate and painstake . it look like it would have take 10 year to make . it 's a model world - controllable , predictable , tidy . max wow. ( with awe and respect ) do you make this ? carol yeah . max it 's very good . ( continued ) 68 69a * * 70 * * 70 70 a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 44 continued : 70 carol thanks . ( now seem to recall some painful memory ) we be gonna make a whole world like this . everyone use to come here , but now , well ... ( look at model ) do you know what it feel like when all you tooth be fall out really slowly and you do not even notice and one day you realize they be all separate really far apart and then you do not have any tooth anymore ? max ( in a whisper ) yeah . carol well , it 's like that . Carol shake off the darken mood . his face brighten . carol ( cont 'd ) alright , put you head right here . right here . Max put he head up through a hole in the middle of the city -- now he can see it all from within . as he look up at the enormous canyon create by block and block of building , we hear the sound of water be pour from a jug . carol ( cont 'd ) alright , now watch . we be still with Max 's Pov of the city in close - up when we 70a see the water slowly flow through the street . intercut between the workshop & max 's Pov of the model CITY the street be now paved with water for dozen of block . a mini-canoe with small carve Wild thing in it slowly glide through a intersection , in and out of view . Close - up on the canoe , which we now see hold tiny , crudely carve facsimile of Carol and k.w . max wow . I wish I could live in there . ( continued ) +e % | +e eh HH 1 HH 70 a 71 wiwta continued : on the str building , Alexander , Max turn revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . eet of the model city and in the window of the Max see tiny version of judith and ira , Douglas and the bull . carol yeah , it be gonna be a place where only thing you want to have happen would happen . max yeah . carol I guess if that 's not go to happen , I will probably just end up eat my foot off . to Carol . max Carol , we can totally build a place like that . Carol look cautious , but excited . ext . lava a wide pea toward the ext . beach carol really ? field - afternoon ceful shot of Carol and Max as they walk back campsite . max okay , we be gonna start with a perfect fort . and then we be gonna build a city and a underground complex . but , I mean , you have gotta be realistic because I mean , the underground complex be gonna tie it all together . carol ( chuckle ) I like you brain , Max . 45 crash CUT to : -- day 70 a 71 +e fh + HH HH * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 46 Max , Carol and Douglas be together on the beach . carol ( call out to the other ) hey ! I be not gonna eat my foot off anymore . douglas why ? carol Max be gonna build a fortress ! Max take a stick and start draw in the sand . the other Wild thing -- judith , ira , Alexander and the bull -- all gather around . k.w. wander up to the group . max -' -. so it 's gonna be as tall as twelve of you and six of I . and only we can get in . we can have a ice cream parlor . a swim pool with a bottom that 's also a trampoline . the Wild thing be listen carefully , as if this be the most rational plan in the world . max ( cont 'd ) ...- and anyone that get in there that we do not want there will get they brain cut out . the building will do it automatically . Carol and Douglas nod respectfully . alexander ( to judith ) how do it know which brain to cut out ? everyone ignore he , still study the fort plan . Max continue . max oh , and there will be a fake tree but it 's not a tree , it 's a tunnel ... Max be draw the tree , outside the fort , but the bull 's toe be on the beach , where the tree need to be . Max draw half the tree and run up against the bull 's toe . he look up to the bull , but it 's clear the bull be not go to move . ( continued ) 75 - + ok + HH HH + % + % + % + ok 75 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 47 continued : so Max draw around the huge toe , such that the round head of the tree become a half - moon . max ( cont 'd ) so anyways , it 's not a tree , it 's a tunnel , and it 'il lead you into the fort through a compartment . ira , do you want to be in charge of the tunnel because you make great hole ? ira wow . okay . alexander I do not want my brain cut out ! nobody say anything . ira this fort be already make I happy . alexander do anybody ever hear I ? max and we will all sleep together in a real pile . ( beat , look to the whole group ) what do you think ? judith I do not really think anything like this ever work , really . ( with a smidgen of hope ) but if it do ... ( return to she usual self ) I do not know . I do not know . I do not know anything . but I do like sleep in a real pile . a tiny smile take over judith 's face . she 's sell . Alexander see this and stop cry . max ( to Carol ) Carol , will you be in charge of building it ? carol ( uncertain ) oh. uh ... ( continued ) 75 +e # 1 * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 48 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 douglas you should definitely be in charge , Carol . you be the only one who * could pull it off . * carol ( come around but still unsure ) yeah , well ... you be right , but ... * max k.w. , do not you think that Carol should build it ? k.w. yeah . he 's the only one who can . some murmure of approval . Carol be touch by this gesture * of support . - judith * I 'il build it if he do not want * to . * carol * ( quietly ) - wow ... do you really want to do this ? * douglas - I think it 's a perfect idea . - carol * well , alright ... ( to everybody ) - if you all want to do it , and you want I , I have be honore . * Max beam . ira turn to judith . - ira - you would have be good too , Judy . - judith shrug . - judith * yeah . * 76 ext . big clearing / fort site - mid -morning 76 - the construction be about to begin . Max bring a bunch of rock and dump they in the clear . just after he , ira carry he own gigantic pile and dump it on top of Max 's . * they almost crush Max like a grape . * ( continued ) 76 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 49 continued : rock be be throw from somewhere out of sight , into a great pile . Max love it . everyone be work happily , believe in the fort . Max direct bull towards the edge of a cliff above he . max a little more that way . a little more . yeah right there . bull stomp break off part of the cliff and send boulder tumble below . Max cheer . Carol push two huge tree , root and all , into the clear and drop they . they land with a huge and satisfy crash atop a great pile of other tree . Carol and Douglas be try to determine the placement of the foundation . ira stand nearby on a small pile of rock , be the place - marker . Carol be hold Douglas like a suitcase , use he as a measure tool . Max be stand far away , to get perspective . carol ( yell across the way to Max ) how about here ? you like it here ? max yeah . a little more this way . it should be seven douglase . Carol pick up Douglas again . carol ( to Douglas ) what have you be eat ? douglas ( sheepishly ) rock . carol rock ? what do I tell you about eat rock ? douglas that 's six . carol you be get a little paunch . ( continued ) 76 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 50 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 douglas * uh , I know . * ( beat ) * Mark it . * k.w. cross past Max , carry branch . * max hey , k.w.. k.w. hey , King . Carol move Douglas one more length . * carol how about here ? max it need seven Douglas 's , no more , and no less . carol * Seven chubby douglase . * CUT to : - 77 ext . big clearing / fort site - later 7t7 - there 's activity everywhere . rock be be stack , stick * be be woven , Wild thing be sink post into the earth * and stomping on they to drive they deeper . Max run around , * direct everyone , on top of the world . * max ( v.o . ) * it 's gonna be part castle , part * fort , part mountain , and part ship . * we will have a laboratory so we can * build robot to do stuff for we , * we own detective agency , and we * own language . and we will make a * machine that can take we leg off * and that way we can float . * tia Carol and Douglas be carry huge tree over they tia shoulder . * CUT to : - 773 Carol watch judith stack wood . 77b * carol you smile . you can not deny that this be a good idea . ( continued ) 77b 77c 77h 771 t1e wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) continued : judith I do not deny it . ( now with a smile ) I believe part of that idea be mine . carol what part ? judith the part where I say , '' yeah . good idea . '' Carol and judith laugh . pg . 51 CUT to : k.w. work quietly off by herself , smash tree trunk in half and toss they in a pile . ira toss boulder to Douglas . ira oh ! judith lick Alexander 's face . alexander judith , that tickle . CUT to : CUT to : Max drop into a tunnel and see ira punch hole and digging . max I like the tunnel , ira. impressive . ira oh ! why thank you , King . Max climb out of the hole and see Douglas work on install the fort 's upper beam . Carol walk by in the background . carol great beam , Douglas . strong . douglas ( loving the attention , but awkward , not know how to take a compliment ) ( more ) ( continued ) 77b 77c 77h * 771 * tte * t1e t1e 78-79 84 wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 52 douglas ( cont 'd ) oh , uh thanks . they be just the standard beam I always do . CUT to : Carol work on a wall , carve into it . Max take Carol 's hand and carve a '' m '' . Carol draw a heart around it . they hug and both begin to howl . t1e we cut to judith , watch Max and Carol intently . she look 78- 79 - concerned . CUT to : ext . hole - day judith and work . ira sit in they hole . Max be off in the distance judith ( stage whisper ) psst ! Max look up . judith be gesture for he to come over . ira start judith ( cont 'd ) what be you do with Carol just now ? max just talk . judith oh , a secret , huh ? well let I ask you something . how do it work around here ? be we all the same , or be some of we better than other ? you like to play favorite , huh , King ? gnaw on judith 's shoulder . judith ( cont 'd ) ow . max no , I like all you guy equally . judith oh , do not give I that . I can see how it be . the king have favorite , that 's really cute . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 - wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) 84 continued : judith ( cont 'd ) ( ira still gnaw on she ) ow. stop. ( back to Max ) do you have a favorite color , too ? can I be you favorite color ? pg . 53 she laugh dismissively , roll she eye at he . Max get mad , but do not know what to say . he give she a fake laugh back . she give he a louder fake laugh back . and they get into a fake laugh -off . Max 's fake laugh be nastiest , though , and she rear back , hurt . judith ( cont 'd ) ( close to tear ) you know what ? you can not do that back to I . if we be upset , you job be not to get upset back at we . we job be to be upset . if I get mad and wanna eat you , then you have to say , '' oh okay , you can eat I , I love you , whatever make you happy , judith . '' that 's what you be suppose to do . Max do not know what to say . k.w. come to the rescue . k.w. come on Max . let 's go get that stick . max yeah ... okay . Max turn to leave with k.w. judith grab he leg . judith I hope you hear I , King . Max try to pull he leg away . k.w. step on judith 's wrist , freeing Max . judith ( cont 'd ) ow ! k.w. yeah , he hear you , judith . everyone always hear you . Max and kw walk away . judith ( yell after they ) you think you have power , k.w .? that 's not real power . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 loe ee 84 78a - B 85 85 a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 54 continued : ( 2 ) 84 judith ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) hey , I be talk to you ! Max turn he head . judith ( cont 'd ) no ! not you ! I be still talk to 78a-b k.w .! * ext . dune -- afternoon 85 * Max and k.w. walk to the top of a dune . below a wide white - * sand beach spread out , the bright blue ocean beyond . the * shore be scattered with giant tree . * k.w. * okay , judith can be a downer . you * just need help figure this out . * ( beat ) * hey , you should talk to Bob and * Terry . * ( beat ) * King ! * they continue to walk . * k.w. ( cont 'd ) * seriously , they be really smart . * they have the answer to * everything . * Max look up and k.w. be smile mischievously . she shove * he down the sand dune , then she dive down behind he . they * tumble down together , head over heel . * ext . sand dune - by ocean 85a - Max get up and try to tackle she , but stop . she 's - laugh . they hear a sound and look up . - two owl fly overhead . * Max watch they soar like kite , and then , as if hit by a * missile , one drop from the sky and onto the beach . Max look * up to the second owl , who fall the same way . * Max see that it be kw who bring they down , with rock * she 's throw . he 's so confuse . k.w. ( run toward the owl ) hang on , I be come ! ( continued ) 85 a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 55 continued : k.w. run off , and return with one owl -- each the size of a beagle -- under each arm . they look a little disorient , but they be clearly comfortable with kw . k.w. ( cont 'd ) well , what do you think ? max umm ... k.w. this be Bob & Terry . they love it when I do this to they . Bob , Terry , this be Max , he 's the biter I tell you about . the owl squeak . k.w. ( cont 'd ) say hi. max ( unsure ) hi. k.w. ( to the owl ) he want to ask you guy some advice . she look at Max . Max do not know what to say . k.w. ( cont 'd ) go ahead , they be not judgmental . max you mean just ask they ? k.w. yeah . Max try to figure out what to say . Terry squeak . k.w. ( cont 'd ) they say it 's better for you if you can ask the question in seven word . max okay ... ( count with he finger ) how . do. i. make. everyone . ( more ) ( continued ) 85 a * +e % | wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 56 85a continued : ( 2 ) 85a max ( cont 'd ) ( Max look at the two finger - he have leave ) - oq . Kay . - they squeak again . Bob then Terry . * k.w. - oh , yeah . I do not think of that . - they squeak again . Terry then bob. k.w. turn to Max . - k.w. ( cont 'd ) - wow , they really get to the heart - of it , do not they ? - Max have not understand anything the owl have say . he decide * not to tell kw . * k.w. ( cont 'd ) * be not they great ? * max * uh ... * k.w. * what if they come and live with - we ? Bob , Terry , why do not you come - live with we ? we be building * something great . * Bob squeak . Terry squeak . * k.w. ( cont 'd ) - oh good ! right Max ? - Max think for a moment . - max - well ... what about Carol ? - k.w. - 86-90 he 's Carol . I can like he and 86 - 90 - still be friend with Bob and - Terry . - 91 ext . fort - day 91 - k.w. and Max return to the fort carry Bob and Terry . they see that the fort be now more or less complete . it 's gigantic -- 200 foot high -- and thrill in its detail . Max , happy beyond word , run to the fort . + 1 max - hey , Douglas ! hey , where 's Carol ? - ( continued ) wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 57 91 continued : 91 douglas he 's in the fort . aft section , main chamber . 91a int . fort tunnel - dusk ( continuous ) 91a - 92 Max drop through a tunnel and enter the fort , where 92 - interior touch - up be be make . * 93 int . fort - dusk ( continuous ) 93 - max - hey , Carol ! the fort look great ! - carol - yeah , thanks , we be all work = really hard on it . where be you ? - max ( quickly , anxious ) well , k.w. take I to see she * friend Bob and Terry . they really * wanna meet you . they may even stay * over . * Carol look over and see k.w. enter with Bob and Terry . - there 's a tense silence . Alexander trail behind , try to - get a look at the owl . - alexander - ( excited ) - oh , this be the famous Bob and = Terry ? - Bob and Terry squeak . - alexander ( cont ’d ) * ( awkwardly excited ) - what ? k.w. tell you about I ? - ira * oh , hi guy . * alexander * what have she say ? - they squeak again . - alexander ( cont ’d ) * ( excitedly ) * really ? * they squeak at judith . * ( continued ) 93 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 58 continued : judith oh , my voice ? thank you . well , sometimes ... judith sing a few note . Bob and Terry turn to ira and squeak . ira I know , I be a very lucky man . judith preens . alexander ( to owl ) hey , do you guy know any joke ? they squeak twice . alexander ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? they squeak . alexander ( cont 'd ) loud interrupt cow wh -- Bob and Terry squeak loudly , interrupt Alexander . everyone laugh . alexander ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's hilarious . they be amazing , k.w. ira yeah , that 's a nice joke . Carol turn to Max . carol Max , what 's wrong with the fort ? I think you say it have be automatic . max what ? carol I think you say if anybody get in here we do not want , the fort would automatically cut they brain out . the Wild thing be shocked and offended that Carol would say this in front of Bob and Terry . ( continued ) 93 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 59 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 max ( guilty ) oh , well ... I think that then , but I kinda decide that that be not really right and that it should kinda not be like that . if we know they , then they should keep they brain . ( fumble ) even if we do not know they that well ... +e eh HH hk | the Wild thing look uncomfortable . this be go worse than they expect . - k.w. - I think you should apologize to Bob - and Terry . - carol - I do not apologize to owl . they're - stupid . - a audible gasp from the group . - ira Carol , that 's hateful . + % carol why do you bring they here ? that 's what you have be do all this time ? they be not sleep in we pile ! + * hf * the mood have go black . alexander ( patting Max on the head ) gee , you be the best king ever . you have change everything . + ok CUT to : t5a ext . beach - day t5a - Carol be sit , deject . Max approach and sit with he . - max - hey Carol . - carol - I do not get why she like they so - much . - ( continued ) wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 60 75a continued : 75 a max yeah ... I could not really understand what they be say either . carol really ? max yeah . carol now everyone 's mad at I . max there 's something I like to do , that sometimes make I feel better . carol what be it ? max ( quietly ) it 's kind of personal . carol ( sweetly ) you can tell I . Max look up at Carol and start to smile . smash CUT to : 72 ext . forest - day ( continuous ) 72 the Wild thing be all gather around . max alright , we be gonna have a war ! we be gonna clobber each other . Carol look really excited . ira clobber each other ? judith hmm ... they all seem intrigue . ( continued ) 72 wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) max yeah , with huge dirt clod . we use to do it all the time when I be a little kid . douglas hm . we have not have a dirt clod fight in a long time ... max yeah , it 's the best way to have fun together . now we just have to split into two side . so who want to be a bad guy ? no one raise they hand . max ( cont 'd ) okay . i’1l pick one then . ( point to judith ) umm , okay you be a bad guy ... judith yeah , see that come . max ( point to Alexander ) .-- and then you be definitely a bad guy . alexander what ? ah ... damn . Alexander 's shoulder drop . ira ummm ... I be bad ... really . max ( point to ira ) okay , you can be a bad guy . ira Judy , I be with you . judith yeah , I hear . ira join the bad guy . max and you can pick one other . pg . 61 ( continued ) 72 * 1 + ok 72 wiwta continued : Max look Max shy k.w. emerg Max walk revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg . ( 2 ) judith ( to Max ) okay . we pick you . max ( laugh ) no , no I can not be a bad guy . I be the king . I be a good guy . over at the bull . max ( cont 'd ) and uh ... and you ... away . max ( cont 'd ) ( to the bad guy ) he 's with you . he 's on you team . douglas ( to Carol ) so be I a good guy ? carol yes , of course , you have the best arm . es from the forest . judith hey , where be you ? k.w. say goodbye to Bob and Terry . alexander hey k.w. , you wanna be on my team ? we be the bad guy . max ( excited ) no , no - no , no . you be with we . you be a good guy . carol ( meekly ) yeah , k.w. , be a good guy . max okay . yeah , you will be on my team . you and I and Carol . k.w. over next to Carol , try to reconcile they . 62 ( continued ) 72 72 72a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 63 continued : ( 3 ) 72 carol hi , k.w. k.w. just look at he . she start to soften , even smile . Max watch , happy and relieved . so far the war have bring everyone together ! Douglas walk over to they to join the team . max okay . so what we be gonna do be we be gonna try to kill the bad guy ... ( pick up a dirt clod ) by bean they in the head with this dirt clod . we be gonna try to find the biggest piece ... bam ! Max be suddenly smack in the back of he head by a dirt clod . he turn to see Alexander laugh . he throw the first one , and be get another clod ready . alexander you do not see that come ! the war be on . carol max run ! run for cover ! douglas wait , hold on ! we do not make the official start noise ! Max and he team run away . judith yeah . you would better run . alexander bad guy rule ! ira look out for the bad guy ! judith we be come to get you , favorite ! die ! Max run across the field and into the forest , he team in 72 a tow . the dirt clod explode everywhere . Max and Douglas slide into a gully , exchange fire with judith and ira across the way . ( continued ) * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 72a continued : alexander yes ! direct hit . judith good shot , ira ! k.w. come slide over the berm , into the gully share by Max and Douglas . Carol run over to where they be . max ( loudly , adopt a military tenor ) we need to find higher ground ! move out ! Max 's team make a break for it . Carol 's first , Max a few foot behind , then Douglas and k.w. further back . explosion all around , as the good guy huff and puff . 72c ext . clearing near a cliff - continuous judith and ira be surround , hide behind a large rock . Max , Douglas and Carol be lie in wait , perch on a hill above they , about fifty foot away . every time judith or ira try to peek out from they rock , Max 's team pummel they . carol we get they pin down ! they can not even move ! max Fire on three ! douglas okay ! max one , two , three ! ira you guy be gonna ... ow ! Max , Carol and Douglas throw dirt clod at judith and ira . judith ( from behind the rock , laugh ) ahhh ! stop ! stop , stop it . ira ( from behind rock ) Judy , I be trap . 64 72a * 72c - ( continued ) 72c wiwta continued : they throw log . revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 65 72c max ( to he team ) * this be perfect ! - more dirt clod . we hear judith and ira behind the - judith ohh , wow ! ira let they waste they ammunition . - judith they be not go to run out of - dirt . whoa ! that be hard . it 's * just a game ! let we out of here . * max ( to Carol and Douglas ) wait , wait . I have a idea . come * out ! judith no! max why not ? judith ahh , because you be gonna hit we in * the head with dirt . max come out ! judith nooo ! max why not ? judith because when I say you be gonna hit we in the head with dirt , you do not say anything . that mean * you be plan to hit we in the head with dirt . max ( to Carol and Douglas ) man , they really have we figure out . ( continued ) 72c 72 ab wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 66 continued : ( 2 ) Max think . max ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's go ! ambush ! Max , Carol and Douglas run toward where judith and ira be hide . max ( cont 'd ) charge ! judith run away . judith ira , help ! get Carol . ira ooh , good shot . I be gonna get you ! 72c a huge mound hit the tree trunk behind they and fall to the 72 ab * ground . when it land , we see that it 's actually a raccoon , which get up and begin to scurry off . Carol grab it and hurl it back at the bad guy . the raccoon hit ira in the head and bite he nose . carol hey , who throw Richard ? he 's on we team now . ira ahhh ! Owwww ! carol gotcha ! ira owww . no animal ! owww ! it really hurt . it 's hurt my nose ! Max peer up , and see Alexander skulking on a open ridge . Alexander be oblivious , think the front be in another direction entirely . max hey Douglas , get the goat . knock he leg out ! Douglas unleash a devastating dirt clod , which knock Alexander flat . it 's comical but painful . Alexander get up with tear in he eye . ( continued ) * * * * + % 722 ab wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) alexander owww ! ( find Douglas and Max and yell to they ) that 's cheating . I be not gonna play anymore . max ( whisper to Douglas ) do it again . judith Alexander come on ! fight with we ! pg. Douglas do , and this time hit Alexander 's back - a huge cloud of dust . Max smile mischievously , as if to say '' oops ! '' he 's have a great time . Alexander alexander owww ! that 's not fair ! be you crazy ?! judith Alexander you be suppose to get hit , it 's a war . alexander that be not fair . Douglas hit I when I be hurt . you can not hit someone when they be hurt . I quit . judith get back in here right now . ira Alex , count to ten . thing will get better . judith Alexander , do not you cry ! alexander if I count to ten will you be go ira ? stalk off . judith do not you talk to ira the way I do . Max throw a dirt clod at judith , nail she in the head . max knock it off , judith ! 67 722rb ( continued ) 722 ab 72b wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 68 continued : ( 2 ) 722b judith owww ! that 's my eye ! Carol and k.w. laugh and exchange look . Max duck , giggle . Max , Carol and the team run . down the path , Carol fall . Max dive over he , body -slamm he stomach playfully . Carol laugh , Max laugh . once on the other side of Carol 's mass of flesh , Max use he as a wall . now Douglas approach , but can not slow down in time to avoid Carol 's prone figure . douglas whoa ! he try to jump over Carol and Max , but he foot land on Carol 's head . it 's awkward and painful , but also sort of comic . carol ow ! landing , Douglas look worried . douglas Carol , I be so sorry ! Carol laugh . Douglas be relieved . now k.w. , come down the path run fast , have see this fun , and , overexcite , she run at full speed and jump off Carol 's head , landing on Douglas 's face . instantly Carol leap up and be no longer laugh . he 's fume . k.w. ( laugh ) what happen ? somebody step on you head ? carol ( outrage ) what be you do ? k.w. ( laugh ) what ? carol do not step on my head ! ( continued ) wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 69 72b continued : 72b k.w. ( innocently - she do not mean it ) what do you mean ? it 's a war ! and Douglas just do it . carol yeah but he do it by accident . you do it on purpose ! and he do not step on the face part of my head ! k.w. it be a joke . I be just joke . carol yeah , sure you be , like you be not always look for a opportunity to step on my head . that 's what you do . Max watch the argument , stand below they , look from one and then the other . k.w. Fine , fine . you know what ? this be exactly why I never want to do anything with you anymore . ( she lay down ) go ahead and step on my head . carol no. forget it . I be not go to step on you head just to make you feel better . Carol leave , run up the hill . carol ( cont 'd ) come on , Douglas ! douglas ( judiciously ) Carol , I think that you do the right thing , you know , not step on she head . Close on Max as we hear this , and judith and ira complain about they injury off in the distance . Max approach k.w. as she lie on the ground . Max step on k.w. 's head , as she lie there . k.w. , still upset , smile weakly . ( continued ) 72 B 72d 73 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 70 continued : ( 2 ) k.w. thanks , Max . but I be do . ( beat , sigh ) I do not know why I come back . I be glad I meet you , I guess . Max look sad and worried . CUT to ext . around the campfire - night , later Max and all of the Wild thing be sit around the fire . we pan around the fire , from one Wild thing to the next . each be filthy - cover in burr and dirt . they injury be visible , they anger unmask . they blame he for all the misery bring on by the war . judith ( anxious ) so King . what 's go on ? this be how you rule a kingdom ? everyone fight ? the bad guy feel bad . everyone feel bad ! ira yeah . I be still sorta dizzy and my eyeball feel loose . judith oh can it , ira . everyone 's eyeball feel loose . carol no , Max will bring k.w. back . he 'il keep we all together . he have power . right ? show we . C ’mon King . Max be put on the spot . everyone wait expectantly . he do not know what to do , so he fall back on a old standard . finally , instead of speak , he do the robot dance that he last do with he mom . everyone look dumbfounded . ira uh oh , somebody break the king . judith I do not get it . oh wait , I do . it 's stupid . Max stop dance . ( continued ) 72b 72d - 73* +e % | * + % 73 74 74a 99 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 71 continued : ira I think he 's do now . what just happen , Judy ? judith that 's what we wait for ? alexander pathetic . judith turn and walk away . all of the Wild thing slowly get up . at that moment , a snowflake appear . then more - the flake come down slowly , waywardly . the Wild thing watch and sigh with resignation . judith , Alexander and ira walk off . Carol wait for all of the Wild thing to leave . Carol walk away , pause only to shake he head , profoundly disappointed in Max . he disappear into the forest . for a moment , Max be not sure whether he should be leave with Carol . all alone , Max look around , see only emptiness in every direction . the snow increase . he stare out into darkness . max ( call out , scared ) Carol ? no response . he sit next to a tree and think about what to do . ext . campsite - next morning Max walk through the forest and out to the edge of the cliff . he stare out at the water , thoughtfully . CUT to : int . fort - that night max hi. finally Max sit down next to Alexander , tentatively , apologetically . neither of they speak for a moment . Max see a wound on Alexander 's back . the conversation be in a soft whisper so as not to wake anyone . ( continued ) 73 74 - 74a - * * 99 - wiwta 99 continued : Max , still Alexander Max look Max say n 100-101 revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) max ( cont 'd ) be that from the dirt clod ? alexander yeah , from when you have Douglas hit I . max sorry about that . alexander it 's okay . max ( sympathetically ) no one really listen to you , huh ? alexander oh , you notice ? ( beat ) yeah . I guess you be not use to that ... be a king and all . heavy -heart , smile at he . max man , I really mess this place up . study Max . alexander you be not really a king , huh ? you be just regular . at Alexander , guilty . alexander ( cont 'd ) ( disappointed ) I know it . ( then back to Max , seriously ) I do not even know if there be such a thing as a king that can do all the thing you say . othing . alexander ( cont 'd ) look , I do not care , just do not ever let Carol find out . pg. 72 99 + % + * hf * * 100-101* CUT to : * 80 81 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 73 int . fort - night all the Wild thing be sleep . Max be awake , and he watch Carol . Carol be scratch the ground , anxious and restless . it scare Max . int . fort site - morning the sky be overcast . Max be inside the fort , pace out dimension , draw a outline of something on the wall . Carol approach . Carol walk up and notice Max 's marking on the wall . carol hey , Max . what 's that ? max um ... well , I be think we need a place where the king be secret . like a secret chamber for the king . Carol look at the fort , tilting he head . carol well , I do not understand ... what ... max well , you know like a ... like a small place . with a door that 's not so big . when Carol begin to understand the implication here , he feeling get bruise . carol ( ponder ) I do not know ... ( study the fort ) I just do not picture it with secret door . ( pause as he collect he thought and think of a way out of this ) what if it be a big place with big secret door ? max that ... that 's not really how it would be do . it 's more like ... it 's like a ... it 's like a ... ( continued ) 80 - wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 74 81 continued : 81 this be get frustrating for Carol . he try to control - he rage , but can not . - without warning and with a great crash , he punch a hole in - the wall . - Max look surprised . - carol ( embarrassed ) about that big ? * 82-83 Carol turn and walk off , visibly hurt . 82- 83 % 94 int . fort - pre -dawn 94 - everyone be sleep in the fort . * Max be lay inside the area reserve for he secret chamber . it 's not build yet -- just a outline in the floor . * Max startles awake . Carol 's voice boom out of the darkness . carol ( 0.s. ) - ( firm and anxious ) - everyone wake up , wake up ! get out * here ! everything 's wrong ! * everyone wake up . - judith what be it ? * carol * everybody wake up . * douglas it 's Carol . 940a they go outside . Carol be face away from we . 94a - judith * Carol , do not . * ira * you alright ? * carol * it 's all wrong . it be not suppose * to be like this . * judith * oh , I know it be gonna happen . * ( continued ) 940 a wiwta continued : all the wi revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 75 carol wake up and come out here . douglas what be it ? carol get out here . it 's wrong . I can not even look at it . douglas what be it ? carol ( turn to the fort ) the fort . we gotta tear the fort down . douglas what ? carol it be not suppose to be like this ! douglas no , Carol . carol you say we be all go to sleep together in a real pile , and now you want a secret room and k.w. be go for good . and now I have to worry if the sun be gonna die . look at it . it never come up ! it 's dead ! judith what ?! ira oh my god . lo thing look scared . max Carol , stop it ! carol it 's dead . it 's dead . max you be scare everyone . carol it 's morning . ( continued ) 940 a loe et * 940 a wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 76 ( 2 ) max the sun 's not dead . it 's just nighttime . carol how do you know ? I can not trust what you say . everything keep change . alright , come on Douglas . we be rip it down . Carol start storming toward the fort . max ( step in front of Carol block he ) Carol , we be not rip the fort down ! carol it be suppose to be a place where only thing you want to have happen would happen . Carol , stare at Max for a beat , stunne , then turn to Douglas for support . carol ( cont 'd ) come on Douglas , do what I tell you . Douglas , stare at he , not say anything . max no ! we all live here , not just you . it 's everybody 's . judith and ira and everyone else live here , too . judith oh , finally . carol you be suppose to keep we safe . you be suppose to take care of we , and you do not . douglas Carol . max I be sorry ! carol that 's not good enough . ( continued ) 940 a + eh * + ok + % 940 a wiwta continued : revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 77 ( 3 ) douglas Carol . carol you be a terrible king . douglas Carol ! carol what ?! douglas he 's not we king . carol what ? do not say that ! how could you say that ? how dare you say that ? douglas there 's no such thing as a king . carol do not you say that . douglas he 's just a boy pretend to be a wolf pretend to be a king . carol that 's not true ! ira he 's just like we . judith ( cursing herself , fool again ) ahh ! why do not I listen to myself ? douglas look , I just go along with it because I know you want it so much , okay ? Carol look back at Douglas , with he anger and frustration building . carol do not say that ! max no ! Carol , stop it ! ( continued ) 940 a +e fhf ff + % 940 a 95-98 107 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 78 continued : ( 4 ) suddenly Carol rip off Douglas 's arm . Douglas stand , stare at he with sand pour out of he shoulder . douglas oww !! max stop it ! what be you do ?! Carol throw Douglas 's arm . the rest of the Wild thing be shocked . but it become clear that this kind of thing be not unprecedented . douglas Carol . carol what ? douglas that be my favorite arm . carol well , I be just hold on to it . you pull away . max Carol , stop it ! carol you lie ! max you be out of control ! this hit Carol hard . he 's lose in confusion and rage . carol I be not out of control ! you be suppose to take care of we ! you promise ! ( big roar ) I 'il eat you up ! he lunge for Max . 940 a * loe ee Max bolt . Carol chase he into the wood . 95-98 - ext . forest - continuous 107 - 108 109 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 79 Carol be cry hysterically as he chase Max toward the forest , both of they at full speed . Max dart through a low , small open in the dense forest - too small for Carol to fit through . Carol crash head first into the tree . the forest be too dense . Carol grind to a halt , stick in the tree . Max plough on , rush through the dense wood . Carol watch he escape . Max continue through the wood . he break through the foliage onto a forest path . Max run down the path . the sound of Carol yell echoe in the distance . Max be look back , try to see where Carol be , and run full - speed into k.w . k.w. cc’mon , C ’mon . c'mere . k.w. have a look of desperation on she face , and Max spend a split second try to read it . Carol be get closer . she grab he arm and yank he off the path . Carol run by , growl ferociously . he 's terrifying now , without any trace of the more civilized or charming Carol . now he 's pure id , a raging animal . k.w. ( cont 'd ) get in , get inside ! max what ? k.w. have she mouth open , and be indicate that Max should crawl into she . k.w. get in . crawl inside my mouth . in 1l hide you ! the growl of Carol get louder . Max realize that he have no choice . he start , tentatively , to crawl into k.w. 's mouth . once he 's half - way in , she swallow he whole . Max land inside of kw , where there be some rock and stick and '' Richard '' the raccoon . Richard be hang out , eat some twig . he and Max make eye contact . max oh , hi Richard . wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 80 108/109 intercut between inside k.w and forest outside 108/109 - carol Max ! Max ! Carol burst into the area near k.w. * we be close on Max inside of k.w . he 's barely light by the dim * light come from above . he try to breathe quietly . carol ( cont 'd ) where be he !? k.w. ( defiantly ) I do not know ! carol where be he ? k.w. I do not know ! carol I can smell he ! where be he ?! ( beat ) I just want to talk to he . k.w. you be out of control ! carol I be not out of control ! k.w. you be go to eat he ! carol ( deflate ) no , no ... I wa -- I be not go to ... I do not know ... I just say it . ( torture ) be I as bad as he say I be ? Close on Max . he start to soften . k.w. just go away ! carol I just want we all to be together ... +e fh + % ( continued ) wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 81 108/109 continued : 108/109 he turn , defeat , and walk off . - Close on Max . he feel for Carol . - k.w. , breathe hard , walk into a small , dark clear , cover with fall tree and pool of liquid . - k.w. - ( repeat Carol ) - can you believe he ? - max - he do not mean to be that way , - k.w. he 's just scared . - k.w. ( soften somewhat ) well , he only make it harder . and - it 's hard enough already . - max ( think about he own - behavior ) I know . ( beat ) but he love you . - you be he family . - k.w. think about this for a minute . k.w. yeah ... I guess . * max * I can not breathe that well in here . * can you get I out ? * Close on Max . finally a big hand reach in and retrieve Max , take he toward the light . k.w. tilt she head back and draw he out of she throat . after he 's be extract , they sit together , exhaust . Max look up at she , see how hard it be for she . then he look down , contemplate this , a new think enter he head . max ( cont 'd ) * I wish you guy have a mom . - k.w. say nothing , seem to acknowledge the truth in this . * max ( cont 'd ) * 111-112 I be gonna go home . 111-112 * wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 82 102 ext . desert - day 102 * the sun rise on the desert . * * Max be run where he and Carol have first walk . he 's full of energy , know he 's about to leave , that soon he ’1ll be home again . * * 103 ext . carol' studio - day ( continuous ) 103 * Max , out of breath , reach the door and enter . max Carol ! 104 int . carol' studio - day ( continuous ) 104 * Inside , the entire mini-city have be ravage . there be * remnant of it splay out , glass and metal everywhere , as if Carol have destroy it in a rage . Max walk around , horrify * by the destruction . * on the floor , amid the wreckage , Max sit and begin to work . * he take piece of the debris and splinter of wood , and begin to arrange something on the floor , though we do not see what exactly it be . - 104a ext . cliff above fort 104a - Max run toward the fort . as he approach , he look over and - see Carol and Douglas sit together . Douglas stand , * excuse himself , so that Max and Carol can talk . there 's a * stick attach to Douglas 's shoulder where he arm should be . * douglas * ( nodd to Max ) * Max . * Douglas walk off , patting Carol on the back affectionately * as he go . * carol - ( as if this question might * answer it all ) - so whatever happen with you and - the Viking ? - max - ( sweetly and apologetically ) * well ... in the end , I have to leave . = carol * why ? * ( continued ) 104a 105 -106 Max look after he sadly . 116 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 83 continued : 104a Carol , upset and hurt , look up at the fort . max but I be not a Viking or a king or anything . carol no , no you be not . ( beat ) what be you ? max I be Max . carol oh. ( he stand ) well , that 's not very much . Carol think about this for a beat , then stand up and walk off . ext . beach - day Max and k.w. see the ocean in front of they . the Wild thing stand awkwardly , silently , around Max 's boat . k.w. and Max approach all of the Wild thing - judith , ira , Douglas , the bull . bull hey Max ? Max be momentarily surprised that finally the bull have speak . max yeah ? bull when you go home will you say good thing about we ? max yeah , I will . bull thanks . Alexander stand between judith and ira , like a toddler lean against the leg of a parent . Douglas be visibly sad , look down at Max . he do not know what to do . ( continued ) 105 - + % + ok + ok + % 106 * 116 * * 116 113 114 115 116a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 84 continued : 116 Max cross to ira , and judith . Max hug ira . - Max look at judith . - judith - you be the first king we have not - eat . - alexander - yeah , it 's true . = ira pat Max on the head . * judith ( interrupt the sentimental - moment ) - see ya . Max nod and cross to Alexander . alexander bye , Max . max * bye . * as Max walk away , we see the hardness on judith 's face drop . she grab Alexander and hug he tightly . Max see * Douglas stand beside he boat , hold it steady in the * shallow water . * int . carol' studio - day 113 * Carol storm into the workshop , still upset . Carol stop - short , notice Max 's gift on the floor below he . his rage quickly dissipate as he see a heart make of the debris from the studio , a heart much like that which Carol make for Max earlier . Inside the heart be the letter C . - Carol take it all in , and sit down before it . he trace the 114 outline of the heart with he claw . he 's utterly overcome . * he begin to weep . * ext . desert -- day 115 * Carol be run through the desert . he 's run as fast as * he can toward the beach . * ext . beach - day 116a * they begin push the boat into the water . ( continued ) 116a 117 118 wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 85 continued : 116a stand in the water , k.w. lift Max into the boat . as he stand on the bow , they embrace . k.w. do not go . I all eat you up , I love you so . Max hug she goodbye and be now ready to sail off . as they be push the boat into the water , we hear a great rustling through the forest . they all look up . Carol come run from the forest onto the beach , but slow down as soon as he and Max lock eye . Max look at he warily . Carol , respect this , stop at a distance from Max . Carol look down , stand as if he hand be in he pocket , want to say something , but not know what . Max begin to drift into the ocean . Max and Carol look at each other as Max continue to float away . Carol walk toward the boat , across the beach , want desperately to do or say something , eventually walk past the other Wild thing and wading waist - deep into the ocean . Max watch , conflict . they eye have be lock the entire time . Carol look so sorry but do not know what he can possibly say . Max , watch Carol - who be now up to he chest in the ocean - emit a sad mournful gentle howl . max aroooocoo ! we can almost hear Max 's voice crack . Carol 's spirit lift - he see this as a small sign of Max 's forgiveness . carol ( mournful in return ) aroooo0 co ! there be a few moment when Max and Carol 's howl overlap as Max drift into the sea . finally the other Wild thing join in , all howling sorrowfully , in concert , to they depart friend . k.w. howl goodbye , too . ext . ocean - night Max sail alone , under a full moon , with no land in front of he or behind he . ext . ocean - day Max continue sailing , determine . + ok 117 * 118 * 119 120 121 122 123 124 124a wiwta revise November 21 , 2008 ( buff ) pg. 86 ext . ocean - night 119 * Max finally see the forest along the horizon , the point from which he come . * ext . lake - night 120 * Max dock the boat again in the same inlet of the lake . he * run , as fast as he can , through the forest . he 's so close to home . * ext . forest - night 121 * he run through the forest and then through the neighborhood . * ext . neighborhood - night 122 * a random dog run up next to he and Max bark at it wildly * gleeful as they run side by side . the dog , after run next * to he for a moment , split off . all of the house be dark , * except for Max 's own , in the distance , where some of the * light be still on . he run toward it until he get a few * house away , when he slow down to a jog , then a walk . * his last few step be slow and tentative . he move to the 123 * front door , and we see a close - up of the doorknob turn . * CUT to : int . max's house - night 124 * Max tiptoe through the house , nervous of the repercussion . - his mom see he , run to he , grab he and hold he . they - look at each other . Max be overwhelm with emotion , feel - both sorry , relieved and grateful that she 's take he back . - she look at he sweetly , remove he wolf hood , and hold * he tighter . * CUT to : - int . dine room - night 124a - Max be eat he soup . his mom be sit at the table , too , - head rest in she hand , utterly exhaust . she look - affectionately at Max . Max start to eat he cake , and look up at he mom . she have fall asleep . Max tilt he head , study she , appreciate she , marvel at she . * *