while she be out written by Susan montford base on a short story by Edward Bryant 5th draft December 20 , 2006 map grids from the page of a Thomas guide converge , overlap and be - configure across the screen . the endlessly ironic name of american suburb parade before we , they violet territory march forward like a bruise into dark green patch of forest and wilderness . closer in on one last map grid which fade into a transparency of itself overlaid across the actual location of the suburb . the name of this housing development be " pleasant Valley " . the transparency fade out to reveal : 1 1 ext . pleasant valley boulevard - evening from a sign read " pleasant Valley dream Homes " , a picture postcard boulevard of mini mansion curve into infinity . each home be brand new . each have the same size lawn , the same shrub , the same satellite dish . each have a indistinguishable car park in the driveway . all the home have Christmas decoration , Christmas tree with bauble , light and Christmas star sit proudly at the top . the door have Christmas wreath . the sheen of a recent rainfall make all the surface glimmer in the light . we halt outside one house . 2 2 ext . dellas' house - evening this home too seem perfect until we notice the Christmas star have fall from the top of the tree and lie reflect itself in a puddle on the wet lawn . suddenly we hear the sound of wing flutter and see a owl among the branch of the Christmas tree . it rise from the tree then swoops down to the lawn where it sweep a mouse from the grass . the owl then soar off , casting a magnify shadow of she wing across the house , and disappear with it 's prey into the wood behind . curtain part at a downstairs window . the silhouette of a man appear bath in the blue glow of a computer screen . he draw the curtain once again and disappear . 3 3 int . della' house / kenneth' media room - evening we sneak between curtain and window ledge into a home office fitte out with a flat screen tv and a computer . scene 3 page 2 kenneth , a forty something ex- jock with a once handsome face , pour a beer into a crystal brandy glass . Kenneth 's eye be glue to the computer screen where stock number scroll endlessly down . he highlight a set of number and stand up abruptly from he chair elate . kenneth yes ! step back onto a a child doll , crush it underfoot . his ebullient mood change quickly . kenneth ( cont 'd ) damn ! della ! the sound of footstep be follow by the door open . della peer into the room . she 's a diminutive blonde in she thirty with fine feature and a fade Southern accent . she 's pull a coat on over a white shirt and jeans . she see the break doll . della shoot , kenneth ! that 's tammi 's favorite doll . she walk in , pick up the doll and try to fix its squash face . he turn back to the computer guiltily , take a sip of beer . kenneth you should just swear properly and get it over with . do you think the kid do not know what you mean ? Close up , he face be ruddy - the face of someone who drink too much . he turn back towards she . she ignore he , continue to try fix the doll . his eye linger on she coat . kenneth ( cont 'd ) go out again ? what be it tonight ? Auto mechanic for dummy ? the bored housewive ' read group ? he avert he eye back to the screen then turn back to look at she once more . kenneth ( cont 'd ) I get a new one for you . he smile sardonically . scene 3 page 3 kenneth ( cont 'd ) Group therapy for woman who always have the curse . there 's a Tuesday night class at the pleasant Valley Episcopalian . Kenneth clearly think he 's funny . della glare a warning at he and bite she lip to stop a vitriolic response escape from she mouth . della I be go to the mall for wrapping paper . a trail of kid mess in the hallway behind della catch Kenneth 's eye . kenneth what do you do all day , della honey ? Cause it sure be not keep house . this place be a eyesore . I be mortgage up to the eyeball for this ? his sad eye meet hers in confrontation . della , determine not to engage , avert hers . Kenneth , unable to contain himself , face she . kenneth ( cont 'd ) I mean it 's not like you be at some salon fancy up you hair or nail like the other men' wife . he lift a strand of she limp fair hair and let it drop , look right in she tired face . kenneth ( cont 'd ) the last time I see you wear something sexy be we engagement party . God , della , you use to be hot ! she bite she lip again , but this time to try stop the tear . he turn away , in a attempt to conceal he own sadness . she walk away clutching the doll . della put the twin to bed by eight . give they a chocolate cookie with they milk . scene 3 page 4 kenneth Jesus , della . della honey , I be sorry . but she 's already leave the room . he watch she pick up a set of car key from a dresser in the dimly light hallway . her knuckle be white as she clenches she finger around they . Kenneth turn back to he computer . 4 4 int . stair - evening della climb the stair . frame photograph on the wall tell the public story of she life . the engagement to Kenneth , they wedding , the birth of the twin , Kenneth 's graduation , Kenneth as a sixth grade football star , della on the farm in Ohio with she horse , a really young della play baseball with she father . we linger on a photo of a very pretty twenty something della in a little black dress . 5 5 int . the twins bedroom - evening terri and tammi be seven year old twin with the delicate blue eye blonde look of they mother . della stand in the doorway and watch they . tammi be lie on she girlish bed draw with crayon . terri 's toy dinosaur be destroy tammi 's heirloom doll house , start with the furniture . she step into the room . tammi mommy can I get a american girl for Christmas ? terri I want a raptor dinosaur , mommy . della you better leave Santa a note . it 's only three day until Christmas . she give they each a kiss , breathe in they scent she love so much . tammi where be you go , mommy ? scene 5 page 5 della the mall . one chocolate cookie each and then daddy will read you a bedtime story . tammi daddy 's storey be lame . I want you to read we a story . terri yeah mommy , the one about the pirate . tammi no , the cowgirl . diamond lil and slingshot Kitty . della tomorrow night I will read you the best bedtime story in the whole world . I promise . della give they a little wave and turn to leave . della ( cont 'd ) I will check in on you both when I get back . ( beat ) to make sure you be sleep . she smile . terri 's already turn back to he dinosaur . tammi run toward she and give she the draw she 's be work on . it 's a draw of a stick figure family hold hand . the word " mommy , we love you " be write across a cloudy night sky like big star . della ( cont 'd ) thank you , tammi , it 's wonderful . della do not have time to look at it properly so she fold the draw up and put it in she pocket . she kiss tammi again and turn to leave . tammi 's eye follow she mother as she walk away . 6 6 int . stairway - evening della check she watch and hurry down the stair . 7 7 int . hallway - evening she sit on the bottom stair to pull on a pair of boot . the boot be well wear but polished to a gleam . scene 7 page 6 behind she , a antique grandfather clock strike seven p.m . the sound of gun shot fade in from the tv in Kenneth 's office . 8 8 int . kitchen - evening della collect a packet of cookie from a cabinet . she look at the pile of dirty dinner dish in the sink then look away . 9 9 int . stairway - evening della leave the cookie at the bottom of the stair and open the front door . the tv blare out some action flick from Kenneth 's ajar door . title --- " while she be out " 10 10 ext . della' house - evening della be meet by a blast of cold evening air and the eerie silence of the suburb . she close the door softly behind she and rush along the path to the driveway where the family 's black Ford explorer be park . she chirp the remote and quickly climb in . 11 11 int . ford explorer - evening della insert the key and turn it in the lock . the car sputter in defiance against the cold night . della frick ! the car sputter again . della ( cont 'd ) c'mon ... with a massive exertion , the car engine turn over and the vehicle start . she sigh with relief . she turn the heat up high and warm she hand at the vent , pause to look at she home through the car window . for a second , in a upstairs window , she see a reflection of tammi . she smile , then look at the house and lawn and the Christmas tree . she notice the fall star , be about to get out of the car to retrieve it , but decide it 's too cold . scene 11 page 7 a shadow creep across she face as she pull the stick into reverse and back up . 12 12 ext . pleasant valley boulevard - evening we follow she as she back up , push into drive and head slowly down the boulevard . the road be empty . all the car be neatly tuck away in they driveway and it look like no one 's out tonight . she make a right turn onto . 13 13 ext . pleasant valley crescent - evening she follow the road as it curve around a long row of endlessly monotonous house . in the distance , we can see the gate of pleasant valley gated community . 14 14 int . ford explorer - evening she slow down , roll down she window and swipe a chub card against the security panel . the gate slowly open . she drive through . the gate close behind she . she roll the window up and make a leave turn onto . 15 15 ext . pleasant valley drive - evening the road be wider and frame on either side by the high wall of gated community . a Ford explorer just like hers pass in the opposite direction . 16 16 int . ford explorer - evening della smile mysteriously , reach into the glove compartment with she free hand . she push aside a bunch of car papers , a flare , pull out a check wallet hide underneath - she secret hide place for : a nice pack of marlboros . she smile again - the smile of the secret smoker . she press the cigarette lighter into the dashboard . the lighter pop out . she tip out a cigarette , see a sticky note attach to the interior foil . scrawle in messy handwrite be the word - you be supposed to be quitting della honey . xoxo kenneth . della I will get right on that Kenneth honey . after you stop drink . scene 16 page 8 she rip the note off , stuff it in she purse , light the cigarette . she inhale deeply . we see the pleasure write across she face . 17 17 ext . pleasant valley drive - evening a few car pass della in the night . they light be like torch in the suburban wilderness . 18 18 int . ford explorer / ext . pleasant valley drive - evening there be the familiar ring of a cellular phone . della have program one of that " oh so cute " recognizable tune into it , like the " William tell overture " . della hold the wheel with one hand and fumble through she purse with the other . she eventually locate the phone . della hello ? mary ( v.o. ) della , it 's Mary Messina . della roll she eye . this be not a welcome call . della oh , hey . mary ( v.o. ) you okay sweetie ? della sure . how be you ? mary ( v.o. ) I be well . della how would you get my cell number ? della balance the phone while she drag on she cigarette . mary ( v.o. ) I call Kenneth at the house . oh great . she exhales sharply . scene 18 page 9 della and how would that go ? do he give you a earful for disturbing he ninety ninth view of lethal weapon four ? Mary giggle . mary ( v.o. ) oh della . Kenneth be always charming . at least to I . the car flash past the decorate sign for a local school . before della can stop herself , the word be out . della well , with the way you flaunt you double D boob job at the free fun pta event that 's hardly a surprise . fortunately for she the phone happen to make a deep metallic distortion at that moment . mary ( v.o. ) what be that ? della oh nothing , Mary . mary ( v.o. ) you get lucky with that one . Patricia Ellis say he 's the best look guy in pleasant Valley . della well that would not be hard . Mary , do you need something ? Cause I gotta go . mary ( v.o. ) yes , be you go to tool School tomorrow ? Mary giggle at she own joke . della sigh . this be why she be have she serenity interrupt ? scene 18 page 10 della tool school ? , ouch , Mary . do it yourself mechanic be without a doubt the most interesting thing in my life right now . ( smile ) I carry my beloved toolbox in the trunk at all time . the desolate road disappear behind della . she pass a roadside memorial . mary ( v.o. ) I be just joke , della . you know I . I pre-paid ten class and only make it to two . if you be go I could use a ride . I would hate to miss another class . if della be go before , she 's not now . della sorry , Mary , I be skip this week . Kenneth 's parent be come to stay for Christmas . you know how it be . a red light loom ahead . della slow . mary ( v.o. ) oh that 's too bad . maybe Patricia Ellis will be go . della you check with she , Mary . mary ( v.o. ) merry Christmas . God bless you and you family . Christmas light outline a few distant house . della you too . ( under she breath ) bah humbug . mary ( v.o. ) pardon ? della bye , Mary . scene 18 page 11 della stop at the red light . she click off the phone and let it lay on she lap . she rake about among a bunch of kid stuff in the back seat , cast aside , a anorak , mitten , a sock . she find what she 's look for , a bottle of water , catch on the bar under the passenger seat . it 's only a third full but she take a sip , recoil from its coldness . the light change . she throw the bottle into the back seat . 19 19 ext . pleasant valley drive - evening Christmas light : reindeer , star , even the american flag dot the black night . 20 20 int . ford explorer - evening / ext crossroad della pick up the phone and push a few key . she have not dial enough to make a full phone call when we hear the phone ring on the other side . operator ( v.o. ) cellular 411 connect . how may I direct you call ? della the learn Academy . spring Street . operator ( v.o. ) please hold for that number . della slow down for another red light . she 's at a wide crossroad where the housing development abruptly end and a wasteland of deforestation begin . a billboard for another new housing development announce : " GREEN STREET dream home - investment opportunity " . wait for the light at the opposite side of the road from della be a car with a animal cadaver strapped to the roof . della try not to look at it . a recording break into the moment just as the light ahead change to green . scene 20 page 12 operator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( recording ) Press you pound key now to connect with you request . della press the pound key and drive straight ahead . meghan ( v.o. ) learn Academy , this be meghan . della hi meghan . it 's della myer . meghan ( v.o. ) oh hey . you call about Spanish for beginner ? you know that Tom cancel ' cause of New Year 's . della yes I know . meghan ( v.o. ) can you hold , I have another call ? della okay . frustrate , della turn on the radio . it be some innocuous local ad . local ad pleasant Valley dream Homes . the lowest crime rate in the US . call 1 - 800 - safe . della switch station try to find something she like . she give up and wait for meghan to return . the car flash past construction road sign . meghan ( v.o. ) sorry della ... della can you leave word for Mike . I be go to miss tomorrow 's mechanic 's class . it 's just the one time . meghan ( v.o. ) everyone miss that class at least once . scene 20 page 13 della I guess some people find it boring . meghan ( v.o. ) we will see you the first week in January then ? della yes you will ... unless I run off and become a outlaw or something . meghan giggle . we hear the familiar beep of another call come in . della ( cont 'd ) I have to go . meghan merry Christmas della you too . della click the phone over to the income call . della ( cont 'd ) hello ? cassie ( v.o. ) hi della ... it 's cassie . cassie 's voice be almost lose in the din of she surroundings . della where be you ? Grand Central Station ? cassie hold on , I will take the phone outside . a loud noise appear out of nowhere . 21 21 int . ford explorer / ext . railway crossing - evening the car screech to a halt . della almost do not see it . she be at a railroad crossing , the third car in line , and she almost rear-end the car in front of she . della frick ! scene 21 page 14 cassie ( v.o. ) just a minute , della . della I almost rear-end a car . cassie ? the phone cut out . the train start to go laboriously past . carriage after carriage of brand name building material for new housing development . della light another cigarette . she turn on the radio again , find a station play " the sound of silence " . the crossing gate go up . the car ahead of she start . della shift into drive . the phone ring its special tune again . della turn the volume of the radio down . della ( cont 'd ) what 's up , cassie ? cassie ( v.o. ) I be over at Southeast Plaza . what be it we need to get for pilates ? della huh ? one of that rubber ball , I think . I be head over there now . ran out of Christmas wrapping paper . would you believe it ? cassie ( v.o. ) it 's hell here tonight . everyone and they uncle be at the mall . della 's phone make a loud , distort noise . della aw shoot . my cell battery 's die . she rifle about in the passenger seat , lean over to the back , and rifle about there among the kid toy , give up . della ( cont 'd ) damn , I must have leave the charge in the other car . scene 21 page 15 cassie ( v.o. ) you want I to pick up something for you while I be here ? cassie 's kind offer almost reduce della to tear . della no .... I be just . I mean I be . oh nothing . the phone beep again . cassie ( v.o. ) you phone 's break up della . I be not joke when I say it 's pack over here . della it can not be that bad ? the light up ahead turn amber then red . della stop . della ( cont 'd ) why do not we meet somewhere for a drink ? cassie ( v.o. ) sure , but a latte 's about the best they can do in this mall . della a latte 's fine . let 's meet at the fountain opposite Victoria 's secret . the light change and della drive up and over a hill . cassie ( v.o. ) sound good . the phone beep again . della my battery 's go . I be a block away . see you in five minute . cassie ( v.o. ) okay but I will not be able to wait very .... the phone beep again . it 's over . scene 21 page 16 della let it drop onto she lap . she open the window and flick out the remain of she cigarette . she wave she hand to fan away the smoke . she close the window again . she 's about to hide she cigarettes again when she change she mind and stuff they directly into she purse . as the car approach the cusp of the hill she slow down to stare ahead . 22 22 ext . mall parking lot entrance - evening Southeast Plaza . the day before Christmas Eve . Hell on Earth . a large , sprawling parking lot full of car . nothing but car . a sea of car . 23 23 int . ford explorer - evening for a second , della contemplate turn around and leave . the guy in the suv behind she beep . she step on the gas . della okay , okay ! her car careen slowly down hill to the lot . 24 24 ext . mall parking lot / int . ford - evening the road spit she out in front of the mall entrance where reveller and shopper be enter and exite . della follow several car down the first long row of park car . the asphalt be wet from the recent rainfall . puddle gather in its dent and hollow . she pass car after densely park car . there be not a space in sight . she reach the end of the row and indicate leave , turn down the next row , plough through a rain puddle which splashes up onto a mother who 's walk she little girl and boy back to they car . the woman shout at della . mother watch where you be go ! della roll down she window . scene 24 page 17 della sorry ! the mother 's weigh down with shopping bag . she glare at della and drag she kid across the aisle in front of she . della sigh , drive down the second aisle . a escape midway down the row block traffic . it 's wait for a subaru to pull out so it can take the spot . 25 25 int . ford explorer - evening della lucky son of a ..... the subaru exit the spot slowly . della tap she impatient finger against the steering wheel . 26 26 ext . mall parking lot - evening the subaru pull away and the escape snap into the empty space . della continue she journey down to the end of the row . there be no space . 27 27 int . ford explorer - evening it dawns on she that parking up close to the entrance just be not go to happen . she take the last puff from the cigarette burn out in the ashtray . 28 28 ext . mall parking lot - evening use the side aisle she scoot past row three and four as they all flow one way . at the end of this row a confrontation be brewing . several car block each other . horn blast . a angry driver scream at another . angry driver if you think you be gonna steal my spot , think again , asshole ! 29 29 int . ford explorer / ext . mall parking lot - evening della look on for a moment at the confrontation . she grind out the stub of she cigarette into the ashtray , slam it close . scene 29 page 18 della shake she head and turn leave into row five . Jesus ! be there really this many car in pleasant Valley ? it 's a brand new mall and the only one around for mile but this be ridiculous . della reach the end of row five quickly . she guess there would not be a spot so she 's drive faster . she notice a portly middle age rent-a-cop direct traffic ahead . she lower she window . della hello ? the rent-a - cop stop direct and approach the car . rent-a-cop can I help you ? della do you know where I can definitely find parking ? rent-a-cop there 's nothing close by . even the valet 's back up . you might want to try further out . he point off into the distance through the sea of car . rent-a-cop ( cont 'd ) but be willing to walk . a car wait behind della honk its horn loudly and the rent- a - cop saunter away . della gun the Ford down row eight . 30 30 ext . mall parking lot - evening at the end of this row , della decide to take the Rent -a - cop 's advice . she make another leave at the aisle and skip several more row . she head down to the third from last row . 31 31 int . ford explorer / ext mall parking lot - evening Cars ... car ... if she never see another car it will be too soon . della spy a spot , halfway down the row . della yes ! scene 31 page 19 she gun the engine , get ready to pull in and be denied . somebody have park a enormous old gold plymouth so badly it 's take up two space . della ( cont 'd ) unbelievable ! she brake in the nick of time and sigh deeply . she 's start to lose she patience now . 32 32 ext . mall parking lot - evening with no option leave , della head down to the very last row . more car fill the space . and then - two spot . the last two spot in the car park . they overlook undevelop land just beyond the mall . small concrete bump signify the end of each space . 33 33 int . ford explorer - evening della whip the car into the first one . she sigh with relief as she straighten the car up into the spot . she sit for a second try to calm herself down but it be not work . she reach for another cigarette , then , talk herself out of it . she fasten she coat , grab she purse and open the door . 34 34 ext . mall parking lot - evening step down from the Ford right into a puddle . the dirty water splashes up onto she pants . della great ! she shake the boot off and look over at the mall . it 's at least a half mile away , glimmer in the distance . she set off march across the lot , take what seem to be the most direct route . maybe she can shake off this mood by the time she get inside . she pass the plymouth , turn , stare back at it . the car be dirty gold and riddled with rust hole with a vinyl roof that 's almost peel away . she walk up close , try to decipher the plate , but it 's cake with mud . annoyance rise like bile in she throat . scene 34 page 20 she find herself reach into she purse , rummage for a small notebook , then a sharpie . she lean on the car as she write . dear jerk , it's great you could use up two parking space on a night like this . ever hear of the joy of share ? signed , a concerned friend . she scan she word . pretty good ! della rip the piece of paper from the notebook , fold the note several time and slide it under the plymouth 's windshield wiper . the driver can not miss it . she smile . that feel good ! head hold high she march on towards the mall . the camera pull up so we can see the mall , see della march across the lot , see the crowd of shopper enter and exite the mall , and get the feel that maybe somebody just see she . 35 35 ext . mall entrance - evening shopper be buy freshly fell Christmas tree from a vendor . della squeeze past and push through the mall door . 36 36 int . mall - evening a wave of heat and Christmas light hit della . a wave of nausea follow as she be swallow by the crowd of last minute shopper . distorted muzak version of Christmas song seep from invisible speaker . della get catch up in a line of child wait to see Santa in he grotto . she squeeze through and make she way towards the fountain outside of Victoria 's secret . en route she be stop by a perfume sale lady who spray she wrist with perfume before she have time to protest . perfume sale lady it 's a classic revival of chanel no.5 . we have a wonderful Christmas special on offer at macy 's . she hand della a sample and flyer . scene 36 page 21 della thanks . della arrive at the fountain . a piddle jet of dirty water gurgle from the mouth of a bored mermaid and stream down into the shallow pool full of nickel and dime . she scan the crowd but there 's no sign of cassie . della sit at the edge of the fountain . she check she watch then check out the people milling around in front of Victoria 's secret , where mannequin in skimpy festive underwear be propped seductively in the window display . still no sign of cassie . she 's about to make a wish and throw a quarter into the fountain when a Red Cross worker shake she " save the Children " tin at she . della stick the quarter into the tin instead . 37 37 int . victoria's secret - evening della wander the aisle of festive color undy watch man pick out slinky lingerie for they partner and woman examine slim fit underpant and padded bras . she notice a pure silk black teddy , very classic , no frill . she lift it from the rail and hold it against herself in front of the mirror , try to imagine herself in it . a young sale assistant approach . versus sale assistant it 's pure silk , the last one in we classic black label collection . would you like I to fix you a change room ? della check the size tag . it read 36c , two size too big . and the price tag next to it . ouch ! it 's expensive for Victoria 's secret . della no thanks . not my size . she gesture to she small boob , smile and hand the teddy to the sale assistant . she quickly leave the shop . 38 38 int . mall - evening della check one last time at the fountain for cassie . she try to dodge the crowd as she make she way toward a generic coffee shop . maybe cassie will be there . scene 39 page 22 39 39 int . coffee shop - evening harried woman and a few man , clutching bag full of gift and impatient child , stand on line for they favorite drug . della squeeze past they to look for cassie . every seat at every booth be full but there 's no sign of she friend . della join the line . she find herself bite at she nail , a bad habit since childhood . a woman in front of she place a order then move on to the pick up area . della move up to the counter to where a overweight sale assistant wait on she . della a latte please ? she notice some chocolate cover biscotti on the counter . della ( cont 'd ) and a chocolate biscotti . she catch sight of herself in the mirror behind the counter . Kenneth 's right about one thing , she look awful . overweight sale assistant bitter or milk chocolate ? see herself in the mirror change she mind about the biscotti . della forget it , just the coffee . overweight sale assistant name ? della della , two l' . overweight sale assistant four dollar and seventy nine cent . della push the money towards she and wait for she coffee . when it finally show up she name be spell dela . she sigh and check the line for cassie as she leave the shop . scene 40 page 23 40 40 int . mall - evening she pass a hair salon and press she face to the steamy window . Inside , woman be get they hair style and they nail manicure at the same time . della look down at she bitten nail but just can not bring herself to go inside . lynn ( o.s. ) della , be that you ? she turn around to see lynn monroe , a pretty , well groom redhead about she age . della Lynn Monroe ! lynn I know it be you , della . I have not see you since college . you leave to marry some handsome jock and we never hear from you again . della something like that . do you live around here now ? lynn David and I just buy this divine house in pleasant Valley . do you know it ? great for the kid . della nod but Lynn keep speak . della sip on she latte . lynn ( cont 'd ) it 's the first time I have leave the door unlock since I be a child grow up in the Midwest . David 's be promote to vp of United Motors so it 's all happen for we . but enough of I . how be you ? della oh , we have two kid . twin , tammi and terri . Lynn become distract , focus on she perfect reflection in the steamy glass . scene 40 page 24 lynn why that 's fantastic . listen della , it 's be great talk to you but I have to go get my hair do ! David and I be go out tomorrow night for a romantic dinner . I just buy this gorgeous teddy from Victoria 's secret . she open the bag and della see it 's the black teddy she eye earlier . della smile . lynn ( cont 'd ) hope we bump into each other again soon , sweetie . merry Christmas she give della a fake kiss and rush into the salon . della chuck she half finish coffee into a nearby trash can and walk on through the mall . 41 41 int . pharmacy - evening della enter a pharmacy . she locate the wrapping paper aisle . she sweep up a bunch of roll at three for ninety nine cent . she feel the texture of the paper , it 's thin and look gaudy so she put they all back . instead she select some expensive gold paper with silver emboss star and match silver ribbon . she then find some jolly child 's wrapping with Christmas tree design and a great big red bow . she browse through the aisle of card . she see some cute card for the twin and then arrive at the " to my darling husband at Christmas " section . she open some of the card and recoil from the sentiment contain inside . she catch a groom blonde housewife stare at she and correct she facial expression from one of revulsion to a complicit stepford smile . della it 's a pity they do not have any " to a bastard at Christmas " card . the woman look at della like she 's a lunatic . della chuckle to herself . she find the feminine hygiene aisle and pick up a pack of regular tampax . she gather she stuff and carry it to the checkout where a tire man and he two kide wait before she on the line . scene 41 page 25 the man try to remove a snow globe , with a tiny house and Christmas tree inside , from the clutches of he young son . the child start bawling . the man end up buy the snow globe to placate the child . it 's della 's turn . the pharmacy sale assistant smile . ph sale assistant perfect timing ! della God plan it for Christmas Day just to tick I off . ph sale assistant thirty dollar and sixty nine cent she pack della 's stuff into paper bag . della hand she visa card over . della thanks . ph sale assistant merry Christmas . 42 42 int . mall - evening it 's a lot less crowded now . the melancholy " Home for Christmas " play . she follow the lady sign to the entrance to the bathroom , only to find a " out of order " sign on the door . she see a clean lady in the corridor . della how come the lady ' bathroom be out of order on a night like this ? cleaning lady the one at the other side of the mall be open , ma'am . the clean lady disappear through the bathroom door with she cart of clean utensil . della look down the length of the huge mall and decide she 's not even go to try to find the other bathroom . she can wait until she get home . she make she way towards the exit , pull she coat in tight and brace herself for the cold front outside . scene 43 page 26 43 43 ext . mall entrance - evening a group of carol singers sing " Silent night " . carol singers Silent night . Holy night . all be calm . all be bright . della listen for a moment . they voice be clear and bright . behind they she can see the Christmas tree vendor bag up the leave over tree . della 's hand start to pinch with the cold . she gather she bag of wrapping paper and set off across the empty lot . the last of the shopper rush across the car park to find they car . it 's pretty dark between the dim pole lamp and the car light . she slow down at the second aisle for a car to pass , then another . Marches on . a man and he little girl walk past . he nod . della 's eye linger on the little girl . she really want to get home to the kid . the singer ' voice echo faintly through the night . carol singers ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Holy infant so tender and mild . she walk faster , almost at a dash . where be she car ? even further out than she remember , that 's for sure . a car alarm go off in the distance . the alarm stop at last as della approach the outer section of the parking lot . carol singers ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) shepherd quake at the sight . glories beam from heaven afar . she cut between some of the car in row eight . Zigzag across aisle nine . notice the plymouth still park ahead . she stop for a split second . then approach . glance at the windshield . the note be go . scene 43 page 27 maybe it fall off . she check the ground around the car . no sign of it . she shrug , who care anyway ? she cut across the next aisle . it 's almost empty . and the one after that . her explorer be sandwich between two car in this otherwise empty row . carol singers ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Silent night . Holy night she chirp the remote twice and pop the trunk , place the bag inside . she slam the trunk close and hurry to the driver ' side , climb in , pull the door close behind she . 44 44 int . ford explorer - evening della turn the key in the ignition and press in the lighter . she light a cigarette and inhale as she let the car warm up for 30 second . she rest the cigarette in the ashtray while she release the hand brake and slip the gear into reverse . the interior of she car be suddenly flood with light from another car 's headlight . she glance in the rear view mirror . a car be block she . della good Lord ! what now ? she step on the brake and wait for the car to move . but it do not . its headlight flick to full beam blind she view in she car mirror . she honk she horn . the car still do not move . della 's really angry now . she slip the gearshift into park and step out of she car . 45 45 ext . mall parking lot - evening della squint in the blind headlight . the front of the car look familiar . it 's the gold plymouth ! two unseen car door click open and clunk shut again . the light abruptly go out . della blink , she eye try to adjust to the dim mercury illumination from a pole lamp a few car length away . she uneasily turn back to she car . scene 45 page 28 chuckie ( o.s. ) I get a gun . it 's a young male voice . the statement stop della dead in she track . chuckie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) how 's about I aim it at you pussy first ? the word be emphasize by another boy 's shrill giggle . della freeze . this can not be happen ! her eye be adjust . the glare phantom drift out to the limit of she peripheral vision and vanish . she see three boy in front of she , then a fourth , but she do not see any gun . della what the hell be you play at ? huey trust the nigga , we not playin' . huey be a sweet - face African - american deck out in a hip hop style . he 's small and skinny and can not be more than eighteen . he 's play to chuckie who 's twenty - one and look like a marine go awol . brackete they be vinh , a nineteen year old asian punk and tomas , twenty , a latino runaway in a american idol T-shirt . della 's eye drift across the group . she suppress a hysterical giggle but can not resist smart off . della what be you ? the world 's first homeless United Nations Boy Band ? huey Hell , yeah . we just wanna do show and bone hoe . huey mess with he zipper . huey ( cont 'd ) we get a song of ' yo . it 's call " shut up bitch and eat a dick " . huey and tomas snigger . vinh stare at the asphalt . scene 45 page 29 tomas and when yo do eat we gonna staple that bitch mouth close . chuckie nudge huey and tomas , step towards della . chuckie now , now , my little brother . the boy fall silent . vinh light a cigarette . huey shiver . huey it gitting cold , chuckie . game 's not worth the dime . della ( incredulous ) chuckie ? at least you parent have a sense of humor . chuckie Parents ? I be not get no parent . I name myself . chuckie ( cont 'd ) ( to huey ) grab my parka from the back seat . he pinch huey 's cheek . chuckie ( cont 'd ) and smile , playa . the dope game and the game 's dope . chuckie lead huey a few step to the plymouth . huey duck into the back seat . chuckie keep he eye fix on della . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you get a beef with we , Mrs. podunk ? della look defiantly back without answer . chuckie run he finger along the hood of the rusty gold plymouth . chuckie ( cont 'd ) first you put yo hand on my ride ! now , I do not know how you be raise but , in my world , lay you hand on someone else 's shit be crossing they line ! then , you go slip a incendiary note up under my windscreen wiper . ( more ) scene 45 page 30 well , that would uckie ( cont 'd ) ch be a invitation to war to I and my ghetto soldier . della what ? if you have not park like a asshole , we would not be argue about it right now . vinh inhale sharply from he cigarette . vinh whoah Lady ! tomas keep right on talk that gang a shit , chinga . yo crime against the click be digging yo grave deep . della 's eye quickly scan the group for sign of the gun . she can not see one so she gamble they be just mouth off and make she move . della . go to hell ! della turn towards she car . huey step out of the shadow wear chuckie 's parka hood up cover he face , startles della . huey we already in hell . della sidestep he , reach the back of she car . rent-a-cop ( o.s. ) any trouble here , mar 'am ? everyone turn to see a rent-a - cop , puffed up like a pigeon in he fur trim jacket and Russian style cap . it 's the same guy della approach earlier when she be look for space except this time he hand be lay casually across the unsnapped holster flap at he hip . della not if this delinquent move they barge so I can back up . rent-a-cop how about it , boy ? chuckie smile and nudge tomas who start dance in a real mock manner imitate the rent-a - cop . scene 45 page 31 chuckie pull a gun from deep in he army jacket pocket and point it straight at the rent-a - cop 's face . chuckie Nah . we not in the mood . chuckie look at he friend for approval . huey laugh again , shrill . tomas grin . vinh hunch and look around . the rent-a - cop back away . rent-a-cop for Jesus ' sake . tomas take off a small crucifix from around he neck and dangle it in front of the rent-a - cop . tomas say yo prayer old man . chuckie grin at della while keep the gun point straight at the rent-a - cop . chuckie this rent-a- pig company be too lame to give they foot soldier any ammo . liability law and all that . tough shit ! the rent-a - cop go for he pistol anyway . chuckie shoot he in the face . this moment change everything . we think della be in trouble but now we know she be . the bullet hit the rent-a - cop in the forehead . blood spurt from the exit wound . he slump to the asphalt like a marionette whose string have just be cut . bullet smoke hang in the air where he once stand . smoke too blacken the bullet entry wound . blood puddle out from the back of he head . chuckie ( cont 'd ) fuck ! it 's clear that chuckie 's be act harder than he be . the hand that hold the gun be tremble . the color drain from he face . all stand rivete in shock . scene 45 page 32 a deathly silence follow . the carol singer can be hear in the distance faintly finish up Silent night . carol singers ( o.s. ) sleep in heavenly peace . sleep in heavenly peace . chuckie look to he friend for support but none be forthcoming . the Rent -a - cop 's body twitches . chuckie hesitates then raise the gun . he aim and fire . the shot shatter the top of the rent-a - cop 's head . chuckie flinch , close he own eye in reflex . della swallow . if she start scream now , she may never stop . she spin instead and make for she car door . she 's dead if she do not get out of here and she know it . vinh she 's busting a move ! chuckie open he eye . vinh point to della . chuckie look over and see della disappear through the door of she explorer . agitation overwhelm he . chuckie she be not go nowhere . we get she Ford block in , right ? he look at vinh who nod then at huey . huey I do not know nothing . chuckie look back at vinh then over at tomas . tomas ( mutter ) dar candela por el culo ! chuckie I can just put one through she windshield , right ? no one answer . chuckie turn once more to the rent-a - cop whose body still twitches in some final death throe . chuckie ( cont 'd ) will you just die ?! scene 45 page 33 he raise the gun . another shot explode into the night . 46 46 int . ford explorer - evening della flinch but no bullet tear through the back of she skull . she slam into the driver 's seat and punch the door lock switch . she hit the four wheel drive button and press the accelerator pedal to the metal . the explorer barely protest as its front tire claw and bounce over the six inch concrete row barrier . the barrier screech along the underside of the frame . there be a loud scraaaaape noise as the car heave over the barrier . then , the rear wheel bounce and claw over . the car fishtail momentarily . della please God . do not overcorrect . she release the pressure on the accelerator . the explorer straighten . 47 47 ext . mall parking lot - evening tomas scream at chuckie . tomas chinga tu madre . she make she getaway . all except chuckie turn to look as della accelerate across the unfinish outskirt of the car park behind they . vinh tug at chuckie 's sleeve . vinh chuckie ! but chuckie 's stare at the bloody mess he make , with a faraway look in he eye , like he 's disassociate . vinh throw down the stub of he cigarette , follow tomas into the plymouth . tomas gun the engine . huey she on she cell right now call the pig . huey 's almost hysterical . scene 47 page 34 huey ( cont 'd ) we go down for this ! chuckie turn on he . chuckie you go buck wild , nigga ? we be not go down for shit . huey you be not earn the right to call I a nigga . and that go for all you hater . behind he della 's car turn onto the mall 's outer perimeter service road in the distance . chuckie easy my G. easy . chuckie cajole huey . chuckie ( cont 'd ) the world be we bitch , right ? huey calm down . chuckie gently push he into the plymouth back seat beside vinh . chuckie ( cont 'd ) get in my fall soldier . chuckie open the driver door . chuckie ( cont 'd ) shove over tomas . you know I front the ride . tomas shuffles over to the passenger seat . chuckie climb into driver side . Doors slam . the plymouth screech across the parking lot and exit onto the service road . 48 48 ext . service road - evening della speed down the long dark empty service road which skim the desert warehouse at the back of the mall . between the warehouse be dark patch of undevelop land - no man land . not a car nor a person in sight . scene 48 page 35 it start to rain . 49 49 int . ford explorer - evening she shake the cell phone try to revive its dead battery . type 911 in anyway . no connection . no response . she shake it some more . give up . she relentlessly check the rearview and side mirror as she race into the rainy night . the drive condition be not good , poor visibility ahead . too bad . she speed anyway . the road have to connect to a main road soon ! another glance in the rearview . nothing . side mirror . still clear . once more in the rearview . headlights ! della no ! side mirror . it 's the plymouth . she press the accelerator down harder . the engine revs . in the rearview there 's a sudden flash above she rear leave headlight . and another . della ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! they be shoot at she ! della step the accelerator to the floor praying the explorer will not skid out . the engine struggle , catch up . the sudden speed cause a small silver love heart , hang on a silver chain necklace from the rearview mirror , to crash against the window . the catch burst open to reveal two tiny photo of the twin inside . the necklace fly back and forth against the window as the explorer race onwards . 50 50 ext . service road - evening the plymouth accelerate behind blast rap . its thick tire plow along the wet asphalt , grip to the road below in steady pursuit . its window be all steam up . the front passenger window be open , a hand and a gun muzzle stick through . scene 51 page 36 51 51 int . ford explorer - evening another flash and della 's leave side mirror shatter . she swerve in panic . her car almost hit the ditch . this can not be happen . not to she . she reclaim the steering wheel . straighten up . Hit the accelerator again . 52 52 ext . service road - evening the plymouth swerve behind on the skid that della create , correct itself just before the ditch . della gain speed . the plymouth lag . a stop sign appear ahead . the road 's end . 53 53 int . ford explorer - evening right or leave , della ? make a choice . 54 54 ext . service road - evening there be no choice . a barrier block the leave hand turn . a big sign read " lot full " . 55 55 ext . empty housing estate road - evening della swing right instead . the streetlight recede behind she . 56 56 ext . empty housing estate - evening nothing but the darkness of a housing complex under construction ahead . but she seem to have shake off she pursuer . she speed down the road , look intently for any sign of life . but there 's nothing but half - build house , empty house , house just like hers . 57 57 ext . seven eleven mini mall - evening a Seven eleven sign appear . she slow down . but it may as well be a mirage , it 's a unfinish building with only the sign , in a unfinish mini-mall . scene 58 page 37 58 58 int . ford explorer - evening Close to scream now she speed up . 59 59 ext . empty housing estate - evening more empty house in vary stage of construction . no sign of life . 60 60 ext . filling station - evening then , what look like a fill station , one light on in the kiosk . 61 61 int . ford explorer - evening hope . she pull in and dim she light , drive right up to the kiosk door . hope dash . 62 62 ext . filling station - evening it 's in its final stage of installation but definitely not function . and there 's no one there . 63 63 ext . empty housing estate - evening back onto the road and she see far behind she , car headlight that can only belong to the plymouth , follow she through the darkness . she dim she light to just the side light . hurtles along the dark road which be get rougher and rougher . pothole fill with mud and rain water splash against the car . 64 64 int . ford explorer - evening her wiper struggle to cope . she can hardly see through the front window . 65 65 ext . rough road - evening the pothole yawn deeper . the asphalt end . gravel deteriorate to dirt . 66 66 int . ford explorer - evening she steer the Ford blindly . scene 67 page 38 67 67 ext . rough road - evening a wooden barrier with reflective stripe loom suddenly ahead . 68 68 int . ford explorer - evening she gun the engine and duck sideways as she car plows into the barrier . there 's a sicken crack as shattered windshield spray around she . 69 69 ext . edge of wood - evening the explorer slam through and veer towards a clump of tree . 70 70 int . ford explorer - evening della try to sit upright but the auto 's spin too fast . 71 71 ext . edge of wood - evening the car swing , then crash right into a pine tree . 72 72 int . ford explorer - evening the car stall out . silence . a prolong moment . then della crawl out from under the dashboard , sweeping pine needle and glass from she hair . she reach up and hit the light switch . pine branch protrude through the break windshield . use the sleeve of she coat she sweep break glass from the driver 's seat and sit down . she slide the gear into park , turn the key . the engine groan like a die animal , then give up . she take a deep breath . she try again . the engine groan again , another death rattle . it just will not catch . she switch off the interior light and push the driver door open . she step out of the car . scene 73 page 39 73 73 ext . edge of wood - evening she close the door behind she so 's not to trigger the light switch . find she leg be giddy . hold onto the door frame for a moment to steady herself . it look like she 's crash at the very end of the housing development - where it cut like a knife edge into a old forest . the dirt road stretch ahead beyond the barrier , into the midst of the forest . behind she , shroud in darkness , house in different stage of development dot the deforested landscape . land move truck sit on recently flatten land , wait to tear into the next layer of forest . patch of leftover snow and puddle of rain catch the light from the moon which hide in a overcast sky . Jesus ! she 's drive all the way from the mall only to find herself in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of psychopath on she tail . this must be some sick joke . speak of which , where be this little bastard ? her eye scan the darkness for a sign . nothing . that do not mean they be not close by . she check out the damage to the car by feel . the driver 's side be scratch and dent . the front be wedge into the tree . the only way out be for she to back up the car . she climb back in for another try . 74 74 int . ford explorer - evening della turn the key . it barely even groan this time . just a faint gurgle . then go . she rifle in the glove compartment and pull out the flare , stick it in she pocket . she lean under the dash and manually pop the trunk . 75 75 ext . edge of wood - evening della run outside to the back of the car and feel about in the trunk . scene 75 page 40 she throw carrier bag full of wrapping paper to the side as she search . pull out a lug wrench from underneath and then a small tool box . she hear the screech of a car 's wheel spin in mud . 76 76 ext . rough road - evening della turn to see headlight in the distance on the road behind , point upwards . della huh ! the plymouth must have skidd and get stick in the mud . 77 77 ext . edge of wood - evening she close the trunk softly then run to the front of the car , clutching the toolbox and the wrench . she reach back into the car and unlatch the hood from underneath the dash . pop . she softly close the door again . punch she way through the branch . slide she finger under the hood , pries up the lever . it pop up only a few inch . della damn ! she try to manually lift it . but it 's heavy with the weight of pine branch . voice drift towards she . tomas ( o.s. ) keep hit on the gas and you gonna dig they wheel into a dirt grave . chuckie ( o.s. ) save yo talk and get out and push . the sound of car door open , foot squishing into the mud and cussing . the boy materialize in the light from the headlight . tomas Hell , no . huey shit ! scene 77 page 41 chuckie ( o.s. ) what 's aggravate you now ? huey we new sneaker be stick up in the dirt like they be last year . Doors slam and two set of footstep join the other . chuckie soon as we take care o' Mrs. podunk you and the Spanish dancer can hit the next mall . but first you faker best haul this rider out of the filth . vinh stupid ass car get nowhere else to go . there 's nothing but tree up ahead . tomas screw the car , chuckie . case you forget we get a witness on the loose ! I be not want to end up in the clink as some chimp 's prison pillow . chuckie trust I dog , hoe 's go down execution style before we see the other side o' they bar . della drop the hood . it make a faint squeak but do not slam down , seem it 's stick open this last few inch . tomas yo talk a real mob threat , chuckie . but what if she go already ? chuckie 's eye scan the housing estate . chuckie she be not go . della frantically sweep pine branch and cone from the hood . but some larger branch be jamme , wedge by the break tree . when she look back over for the boy she see the car headlight be off and there 's no sign of they . scene 77 page 42 she stand stock still , listen , scan the landscape for a sign of they . the sound of glass shatter break the silence . della jump out of she skin , spin around . her eye settle on a light in the distance . 78 78 ext . rough road - evening the light illuminate the small cabin of a earth move truck . the cabin glow like a box in the darkness . there 's a figure inside : it 's chuckie . he 's inspect a powerful construction flashlight . he switch setting from broad light to concentrate beam . he point the beam through the break glass window onto tomas , who 's stand on a truck tyre knock out the rest of the glass with he elbow . chuckie leap down through the break window , pleased with he find . he switch it to broad beam , whistle . chuckie wo not be long before we find she now . this baby could spot a needle in a haystack ! the light dance around illuminate each of they face for second at a time . eerie distort glimpsis . they be traipsing along the rough road , through the mud , towards della . they voice grow louder . huey we catch up in this bitch 's life like a soap opera . we could just bail , blast out of town like we be never here . chuckie this boy love weed so much he try to marry juana . huey ai not no one care about the rent-a- pig . he just collateral damage to the peep at the mall . chuckie push huey half playfully , half annoyed . chuckie listen up skippy : she the only witness . scene 78 page 43 huey but if we hit the road now we will be five hundred mile away before they find he .... we could be drink cold beer and swimmin ' in the Atlantic .... just like you promise . huey stare off into space like he 's have a vision . chuckie we gotta take care of she . when she go . the problem go . right ? we will head off then , huey , just like I say . huey shake he head in disbelief . huey we be not gonna make it , be we chuckie ? I be not never gonna see it . it 's over for that , be not it chuckie ? just say it . chuckie be take aback by what huey be say . he walk away , turn he concentration back to the flashlight . huey call after he . huey ( cont 'd ) she be just some stupid housewife mouthin ' off . chuckie get real huey ! and shut the fuck up about the stupid ocean . chuckie get right up in huey 's face . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I ever break a promise to you ? I ever let you down ? huey take he time to answer . huey no chuckie , you be not . chuckie put he hand on huey shoulder and gently push he along the road . 79 79 ext . edge of wood - evening della try once more to lift the hood . it still will not budge . scene 79 page 44 when she look up the flashlight be dance towards she . vinh see the car . vinh ( o.s. ) there 's she Ford . della grab the lug wrench and toolbox and duck behind the tree . della see they approach she car . vinh ( cont 'd ) there 's break glass everywhere . huey , now resign to they mission , comment sadly . huey someone call she mama tell she to lay out she black dress . della creep softly along the edge of the tree . she hold she breath . if she make a sound , she 's dead . tomas be she dead already ? the boy kick around the explorer . vinh musta go be throw through the windshield . della skim the tree , constantly check behind she , to where she antagonist check out the Ford wreck . chuckie point to some footprint . chuckie she be not dead . look ! her footprint be all around . when there 's enough distance between they and she , she dart from the forest 's edge into the development and hide behind a half finish house . 80 80 ext . unfinished house 1 - evening she lean against a recently brick wall , finally take a breath . the smell of fresh cement and putty fill she nostril . scene 80 page 45 rain gather and drip from a nearby ledge she peer around the side of the house . 81 81 ext . edge of wood / construction site - evening Beyond the row of plot of land with they sell sign , she see the boy still pace and debate beside she Ford , illuminate by the sweeping light ray of they flashlight . her eye drift across the landscape of house foundation and structure to the distant neon light of the shopping mall . when she look back over for the boy , she see that the flashlight and the boy be go . she strain she eye . guess that must mean they be off look for she in another direction . she clutches the tool box and silently creep between the house . if she could just track along the edge of the development she could maybe make it back to the Shopping mall , to the twin . a owl hoot from the tree behind . she freeze , eye sweeping the immediate area for danger . she wait a moment , silence , then make she way once more between the edge of the development and the edge of the tree . she 's try desperately not to make a sound , praying to be invisible , eye darting around , evaluate every shape and form . on one side the dense wood of tree , predominantly pine , with thick ancient trunk and tangle branch . on the other , plot and structure of home to be . she keep trudging on , skirt the edge of the tree , follow the light in the distance . she hear a loud thudding noise . stop . stop breathe . 82 82 ext . plank in tarp - evening ahead , pile of plank wrap in black tarp block she view . she brace herself , peer cautiously around , see nothing . she clutches the lug wrench and toolbox and step forward . scene 82 page 46 rain water from the branch of a nearby tree be drip down and collect in a puddle in the middle of the tarp cause the sound . she breathes a sigh of relief . 83 83 ext . cement pile - evening heaps of damp shingle and cement cause she to back up and around past they and a cement mixer . she lose sight of the neon mall light . she panic . 84 84 ext . construction site - evening she run between the foundation of two house . she stop suddenly when she see a giant shadow loom across she path . she duck down the side of a half finish house . see that it be the shadow of a earth move truck . she keep go , between the house , look for a sign of the mall light . she stop . just ahead , a flurry of footprint . they be she footprint ! 85 85 ext . unfinished house 1 - evening she find herself back where she start , at the same house . the mall light flicker in the distance as far away as they always be . the Ford 's still there ahead . and then she see the flashlight sweeping towards she . della ( under she breath ) no ! oh no . she bite back a sob . 86 86 ext . construction site - evening della shrink backwards between the house . she duck into a unfinish doorway and watch the boy pass ahead . scene 86 page 47 she run into the house and out through the far side . skirt a row of plot of land . then , she hear chuckie 's mock voice , echoing through the building site . chuckie ( o.s. ) della ! della recoil . do she just hallucinate ? how the hell do they know she name ? can they see she ? or be he just shouting she name randomly into the night ? her eye dart right then leave then back again . nothing . she run down a row of house foundation . chuckie ( cont 'd ) della ! 87 87 int . unfinished house 2 - evening della dive into a unfinish house , hide behind a space where a window will eventually be , look out across the building site . all be dark outside . and then she see the light several row down , weaving between the house . she make for another window at the opposite end of the house . she see the mall light and decide to head once more towards they . 88 88 ext . construction site - evening she creep out of the house and cross several row of house , then several more , head towards the neon light in the distance . 89 89 ext . fence - evening she stop dead in she track . straight ahead , a truly chill sight - she kid stuff from the car : terri 's little anorak , tammi 's sock , mitten , strung along a short stretch of wire fence . her foot start to sink into wet mud . she cover she mouth to stop herself cry out . 90 90 ext . construction site - evening suddenly the development be illuminate by a huge construction light . scene 91 page 48 91 91 ext . mud - evening della duck down , try to run . the mud cloy at she foot . 92 92 ext . plank between two house - evening she step up onto a plank that stretch between the first floor of two house . she start to cross when she see they silhouettes . 93 93 ext . / int . unfinished house 3 - evening they be search the house next door . tomas where would little red riding hood git to ? vinh she be not leave any bread crumb that 's for sure . huey when a nigga hungry , imma wolf . 94 94 ext . plank between two house - evening she back up , slip , slide off the plank , fall into the mud , catch herself on some barb wire . chuckie ( o.s. ) what be that ? the wire drive through she coat and into she right shoulder . she jerk away but the length of loose barb wire follow . she bite she lip to prevent a pain response . she 's catch in its spiral like a trap animal . she spin around and physically pull the wire from she back , tear she coat . she cast the wire away from she . wince . 95 95 int . unfinished house 4 ( foundation ) - evening she crawl into the foundation of a nearby house , underneath the floorboard which be lain roughly across to form a first floor . she huddle in a dark corner . it 's very quiet and cramped . she try not to move , not to breathe . the smell of the wet earth underneath make she feel nauseous . a moment pass . it feel like a infinity . scene 95 page 49 she start to creep along towards a gap in the plank to see if she can see anything above . just as she approach the gap she hear . the sound of footstep above she . she freeze . the footstep make erratic rhythm across the plank . she silently undoe the catch of the toolbox . her hand be shaking . she lift the lid . she rake around inside for tool , come across several kid toy instead ! in shock , she rake around some more , try to find something else , something more dangerous , anything . to she surprise the only tool inside be a pathetic little screwdriver and a small crescent wrench . the kid must have borrow the other tool replace they with the toy . she give up , close over the lid . then suddenly : boom 96 96 int . unfinished house 4 - evening the whole house be illuminate . she look up to see four face look down at she . chuckie point the gaze of a powerful flashlight directly into she eye . the beam almost blind she . she try to look away but chuckie focus it right in she eye . chuckie peek a boo ! she shrink back towards the wall . her mouth feel dry , so dry . tomas lift several plank up and cast they away so they can see she . she 's cornere . chuckie then lower the flashlight direction and sweep it voyeuristically down across she body . the light linger on she breast . huey whistle appreciatively , pick the game back up from the parking lot . huey yo leave without yo goodbye kiss . the light sweep past huey 's hip . the sound of a zipper . the light sweep back up onto della . scene 96 page 50 chuckie you a window shopper little brother . you be not never even do the old in and out before . wave of pain spasm through della 's shoulder . the boy snigger . huey imma just a young playa tryin ' to put my bid in . tomas lean down towards della . chuckie move the flashlight to illuminate they both . tomas drain the last dregs from a bottle of Bud , toss the empty bottle down into the foundation . it roll into the darkness . della shudder . she clutches the lug wrench against she coat behind the tool box and try to disappear into the wall . tomas do not worry , when we do wit you we send yo back in yo trunk to Mr. podunk . tomas reach down and pull della up to stand by the coat collar . he then yank the coat down over she shoulder . the white shirt she wear underneath be damp with sweat make the form of she breast very clear . chuckie keep the light focus right on she . tomas slide he index finger down across della 's neck towards she breast . della claw at tomas ' face with the nail of she free hand . he stagger to the side hold he cheek and cursing . her chew nail have not leave any dent , but she stunne he . the other laugh . she shrug the coat back over she shoulder and pull it tight across herself , once again clasp the toolbox close to she side . tomas ( cont 'd ) do not want to play nice ? puta ! he move towards she , face twisted with hate , arm raise . scene 96 page 51 chuckie back off five minute , my ghetto brother . tomas glare at della , then lower he arm . spit on the ground instead . turn back to the boy . chuckie move forward and focus on della 's box ? chuckie ( cont 'd ) what 's with the man size crast ? della do not answer . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you run with the family jewel ? della still do not answer . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you rob a bank this morning , della ? della remain determinedly mute . chuckie ( cont 'd ) least yo learn something tonight della honey ? vinh yeah , like how to quit mouth if you wanna avoid drama . chuckie you must be wonder how we come to know you name . chuckie giggle . della shiver . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you screw up della myer . Left you purse in the Ford . chuckie hold up she drive licence and examine it . chuckie ( cont 'd ) what a shitty photo ! chuckie nod to vinh . vinh pass he lighter to chuckie . chuckie light the licence on fire . the plastic burn black and toxic . the flame annihilate della 's name , she date of birth , she face . piece of plastic unfurl and drift up through the empty window and door of the unfinish house . scene 96 page 52 chuckie ( cont 'd ) guess you will not be need it no more . della stare defiantly , fight back the internal nausea cause by this symbolically brutal act . chuckie maneuver the light back in she eye then right back on he own menace face . then , back again on she face . she become disorient . chuckie ( cont 'd ) so what 's in the box ? della remain mute , look away from the beam . huey yo think she carry the big note , maybe some ice ? chuckie Nah , it be not about to rain diamond , huey . but maybe she cashed in she life savings . plann to take off , start a new life . della try to swallow but she throat be too dry . chuckie ( cont 'd ) that right della ? tomas you get enough scratch in there to grease we up with ? she know there be nothing that would buy they off and the knowledge sink like a stone deep into she gut . chuckie follow she face with the beam . she try to dodge its glare in she eye . but he maneuver it like a surveillance camera . his voice take on a meanness that make the back of she neck tingle . chuckie open it . they crowd closer toward she . Dark form with eye glint . they voice echoing . scene 96 page 53 vinh open the box else we put you in trauma . chuckie OPEN it ! della all but scream . della okay ! I will open it . della 's brain race . her hand move slowly . she rest the lug wrench in she leave palm under the base of the tool box and with she right hand unsnap the catch . she hold the far end of the lid up to shield she right hand from the beam as she slip it inside the box . a prayer play silently across she lip as she finger feel the cool steel and shape of the small crescent wrench . she curl they around its handle and grip tight . a surge of nervous energy course through she vein . tomas she be not get nuthin' . let 's just take that pussy and git go . he move towards she . in a flash , she withdraw the crescent wrench . she cock she wrist back and hurl the tool , snap it just like she daddy teach she to play baseball . the wrench fly up and across the house . with a crunch , it catch chuckie right in the collar bone , right side . he scream . drop the flashlight . drop to he knee hold he throat . della snap the tool box shut and make a run for it . she throw herself up onto the first floor and dart between tomas and huey . scene 96 page 54 huey lunge for she but trip over a loose plank , land with he face down , bite on the plank 's edge . della catch a peripheral glimpse of tomas leaping towards she , but he lead foot slam down instead onto the back of huey 's neck . grind huey 's face into the plank with a hideous thud . huey 's neck snap back smiley style . huey 's scream gurgle into the night . huey 's body fall through the space in the floorboard landing with a thud in the foundation below . tomas fall away , cursing in horror . tomas ( cont 'd ) maricon ! della make a run for the doorway . she jump down onto the muddy lot and head off across the development . the darkness quickly swallow she . behind she , vinh slump through the house . vinh what the fuck , niggaz ? chuckie shut up . vinh you hurt ? chuckie shut the fuck up . chuckie slide down to be beside huey in the foundation . chuckie ( cont 'd ) and do not be use the N word . you be not represent . got it . that right huey ? huey . get up huey . huey get up ! tomas stagger up to stand . tomas Jesus hijo de maria el virgene . vinh what ? vinh move towards chuckie who be crouch over huey . scene 96 page 55 chuckie my little brother . tomas approach . he push chuckie gently out of the way so he can see . he stare down at huey 's bloody meshed face . tomas stagger backwards and cross himself . tomas mamacita ! madre de dios ! chuckie punch tomas ' leg . chuckie you tread on my boy 's face . you kill he . tomas I do not kill he . I do not kill no one . tomas push chuckie backwards . tomas ( cont 'd ) she do it . she kill he . chuckie and tomas stare at each other . tomas ( cont 'd ) I be gonna cross that bitch out . 97 97 ext . wood - evening della run for she life . she make straight for the cover of the tree . she hesitates for just a moment after the first layer of pine . it 's pitch black beyond . then she step in . she follow she breath into the icy blackness . branch and foliage scratch against she face . she grapples about , look for hide place between the dark shape and form . step between tree root and shrub . her eye begin to adjust . she can now make out the difference between the clump of darkness and tell , look back , where the edge of the wood begin . a construction light shine behind like a distant moon . scene 97page 56 she push between the branch of indistinguishable tree , some thick and knotted , other slight and brittle . only the evergreen still have they foliage . look back constantly to the edge of the tree for a sign of the boy . fear drive she further into the wood towards where the tree grow even more densely together . where there just may be the right place to hide . she stop for a second to catch she breath . the handle of the toolbox have chaff she right palm . she change hand . God , that boy huey ! he really die back there . she hear the sound of it . the horrific sound of he die a stupid pointless death . it could have be she . there have to be some way out of this nightmare . ahead , a dead tree with spectral branch block she path . she step around its huge trunk and tangle of root . chuckie della ! chuckie 's voice drift towards she . she duck down among the root . her eye scan the darkness . no move shape nor form . no sound . no flashlight . just shadowy clump of tree . should she stay put or should she run ? then she see it . the flashlight weaving through the pine ahead . she push further in among the root , try to make herself invisible . the flashlight beam sweep across the forest floor towards she . one set of footstep crunch through the foilage . she hold still , terrify . the flashlight pause on the dead tree , the root . scene 97page 57 della stop breathe . then , the light sweep past and on into the wood . she wait until it disappear before step out of she hide place . she creep back in the opposite direction , figure if they be in the wood now she should get out . her eye search for the construction light , which indicate the edge of the wood . she head in the direction of the light , painfully aware that one noisy footfall could alert she pursuer . she step between leave and root as delicately as a ballet dancer . the construction light grow closer . the light abruptly go out . she stop , eye desperately search the tree . she resume in the direction she be head . tries to keep calm . but the wood be impenetrable . layer of tree and shrub , and then more tree . deep in the cold dark place there be patch of leave over snow . she 's lose she bearing . 98 98 ext . x'd tree - evening ahead , the chill sight of four luminous xs glow in the dark forest almost make she heart stop . she realize the cross be paint on the trunk of several tree , mark they for death . she shiver . 99 99 ext . wood - evening she back up , start off in the opposite direction . and there it be again . the flashlight sweeping through the tree in the distance . she stop , close to scream , then when the flashlight disappear , run off in yet another direction . she slow to take a breath , notice the butt of several cigarettes still smoking in the dirt close to she foot . scene 99 page 58 della ( mutter to herself ) shit ! oh shit ! she trudge on , push between the branch , no clue where she be head . the further she tread , the quieter it become . so quiet she can hear she own footfalls and the sound of the tree breathe . then , she spot the light again , in the distance , shine out over the forest . thank God ! she trudge up a slope ahead , cling onto branch and shrub to help pull herself up . 100 100 ext . ledge - evening the light grow closer . she climb up onto a ledge . a loud noise startles she . it 's music . Rap music . blast . della push she way through to the edge of the tree . see .... 101 101 ext . clearing - evening the woodland ahead slope down into a clear , where a huge ghetto blaster sit on a pile of fell tree . Young pine about to become Christmas tree . it 's blast out a hip hop anthem for a dead homie . a construction light illuminate the clear . a ghostly vinh , head hang low , move to the music , bottle of beer in hand . propped up against a tree stump sit the body of huey , arm cross over he torso , hood pull up to cover he face . the scene be so surreal that della be draw closer . she creep along the edge of the tree . as she move , she kick back on some dirt . it tumble downhill into the gulch . she freeze . but nobody notice . she slip invisibly between the tree and watch as tomas enter the clear . scene 101 page 59 tomas stop and watch vinh . vinh continue to get into the music in he solemn japanese punk style . the juxtaposition between the hard core rap music and the serious vibe that vinh be send out show we that this be really important music to he . it 's a theatrical tableau - della overhead , look down on the clear . vinh transfix by the music . tomas stone silent , watch vinh . it play out for a poignant moment . like they be all part of some spiritual rite about to be consummate . vinh pour some beer onto the ground at huey 's foot . a small tear run down he stoic face . then click . the blaster be abruptly turn off by chuckie who appear out of the shadow behind it . he stare a beat at vinh like he can not believe what he 's be see . vinh keep on move like he 's in a trance . chuckie what the fuck you do ? vinh do not reply . stare down at the ground , keep on with he weird dance . chuckie move towards he . tomas grab chuckie , try to stop he from go for vinh , but chuckie shrug he off . chuckie reach out and shake vinh . no response . he shake he again . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I ask you what you deal be , sand dancer ? the second shake sort of break vinh out of he trance . he shiver . vinh it 's a tribute . a gesture . chuckie a what ? scene 101 page 60 vinh stare down at the dirt at he foot . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you brain even smaller than them slit for eye ? vinh slouches defiantly over to the blaster and press track 8 replay . chuckie ( cont 'd ) keep on bang out that ghetto ass shit and you will alert every cop in podunk county . vinh it 's for huey . we dead homie . the song start again . chuckie look at he incredulously , shout above the music . chuckie you check out , right ? vinh he love that track . vinh snort back a sob . he hug himself into a hunch and start dance again . chuckie lose it . he slap vinh . chuckie get a grip , skippy . vinh rub he face . he 's get a grip all right . chuckie slam off the blaster . chuckie ( cont 'd ) huey 's dead . and be not no requiem gonna resurrect he ass . he down under the ground now with the real man of respect . the three boy stand somberly in silence , each pay internal homage to they dead friend . chuckie harden he heart against the tear that threaten to flow . tomas tremble , mumble . tomas I do not mean it . I do not do it . I do not mean to kill he . scene 101 page 61 this break the moment . chuckie snap back . chuckie well he dead . that 's it for he . over . but we still here . Hell , yeah . payback 's gonna be a real bitch for a real bitch . vinh wipe away he tear . vinh she probably go by now . chuckie you best hope not , genius . she go , we go . chuckie pace around the circumference of the clear . chuckie ( cont 'd ) della ! 102 102 ext . ledge - evening della 's be watch the scene unfold , a captive audience , attentive and terrify . slowly she tear she eye away from the boy . she back away from the edge and right into the sharp branch of a big old tree . the branch dig into that point in she shoulder she hurt earlier on the barb wire . she reach up to feel it and pull she hand away bloody . she reach into she coat pocket for a tissue . nothing . feel something in she pants pocket . she pull out not a tissue but a sheet of fold paper . she unfold it . it 's tammi 's draw . the one from the beginning . the stick figure family hold hand and " mommy - we love you " write in star . della 's lose in the draw . her eye drink in every mark and color and word . she see that the male figure be slightly separate . that the child stick figure have frighten eye and cling to the female . that the sky be turbulent . the star clear and bright . the word ... a tear escape from underneath she eyelid . then another . a sob . scene 102 page 62 she might never see she kid again . another sob . she heave with the release of emotion . more tear escape . another sob . she try to bite it back . will herself to stop . find that rage take sorrow 's place . rage and self recrimination . goddamit ! she 's gonna be rape and kill because of some stupid note ! and God know what will become of the kid . Kenneth always tell she she have a temper . that she react without think of the consequence . this time the bastard be right . she look again at the picture . chuckie 's voice boom out into the night . chuckie ( o.s. ) d-e-l-l-a , h-o-n-e-y. she fold the picture up carefully and put it back in she pocket . della edge further into the tree and disappear into the darkness . there 's rustling in the darkness . tomas push through the edge of the tree , make animal call with he right hand curl around he mouth . the flashlight illuminate he from behind . chuckie follow he operate the light in a mockery of classic noir style . vinh slouches behind they . tomas head along the ledge , straight past the spot where della stand only moment before . tomas double back . Thomas stop , sniff . tomas I can smell she bulgari . chuckie 's behind he surveying the area with the flashlight . he find several footprint by the tree . chuckie she be right here . must a see you dumb ass tribute and everything . scene 102 page 63 vinh glare at chuckie . chuckie grin at tomas . chuckie ( cont 'd ) bulgari ? she look more like she rock that number five shit . tomas it bulgari , dude . my dad 's bitch bathes in it . chuckie point the flashlight towards where the ledge end and a steep incline begin . 103 103 ext . steep incline - evening the flashlight illuminate a set of print descend down the incline . chuckie there more of she footprint . tomas and vinh just stand like zomby . chuckie push vinh . chuckie ( cont 'd ) what you wait on ? Jackie Chan ? vinh plod clumsily down the incline , follow by tomas . chuckie sweep the flashlight across the gulch look for a sign of della . chuckie shift he focus to climb down the steep slope . as the light sweep back across the gulch we catch a glimpse of della between some rock at the far side . but the boy ' eye be elsewhere , focus on the steep incline ahead of they . della quickly duck , draw she toolbox in tight and crouch low between the rock . she watch the boy carefully as they climb down the gulch . there 's the sound of a stumble follow by a splash . vinh ( o.s. ) shit ! tomas ( o.s. ) what now , cabron ? vinh ( o.s. ) fell in a freeze ass stream . scene 103 page 64 chuckie sweep the flashlight towards they . della see vinh trudging out of the stream , tomas descend the last few foot of the other side of the gulch and chuckie midway up . vinh jump up and down try to kick the water out of he sneaker . chuckie Zipperhead ! vinh kon'aro kusotare . chuckie you know we do not speak the chinky . vinh what 's you game , chuckie ? we leave stumbling around in the dark while you hog the flashlight . chuckie I steal it . I get to use it . that 's how it work . that right tomas ? tomas right on , dog . chuckie jump down from the last rock and join vinh and tomas at the edge of the stream . vinh what if I steal it from you ? chuckie there you go , bro . he hand the flashlight over to vinh . vinh reach for it . chuckie pull it away . chuckie ( cont 'd ) April fool . naw , wait a minute , it be not April . must be Christmas fool . tomas smirk . vinh hang he head down . they search for more print , can not find any in the immediate area . chuckie shine the flashlight at the foot of a big rock . chuckie ( cont 'd ) her footprint disappear at the big rock . scene 103 page 65 a beat . della clutches the lug wrench in she right hand . vinh shiver violently . chuckie ( cont 'd ) head on up and search the slope . I will guide you way with the flashlight . chuckie sweep the flashlight across the gulch . della duck . della need to get out of there and fast . they begin to ascend the rock . chuckie keep the flashlight slightly ahead of they . della crawl stealthily between and behind the rock , keep as low as she can . dodging the approach light . the boy crawl across and up and between the rock with the dexterity of animal . della 's so low she 's scraping she knee and hand to shred . she can see ahead where the rock end and the tree begin . what be she think hide here ? it be too expose . tomas we gonna put yo ass on ice , bitch ! God please help she make it back into the cover of the tree . della almost vomit . her hand grasp the last rock at the top of the gulch . she push the toolbox up on the ledge . her strength be ebbing but she try to hoist herself up . the flashlight sweep by . she let go of the ledge and duck . the flashlight sweep by again . she huddle in behind a rock . wait a beat . tomas ( cont 'd ) you go home in a casket tonight . oh shit , they be approach fast . she try again to hoist herself up . she 's almost up when the flashlight sweep by again . this time , it catch she . chuckie there she be , top of the gulch ! scene 103 page 66 she practically throw herself over the ledge . tomas scurries to the top faster than lighten , catch she leg as she crawl from the edge . thud . she kick he in the face . della grab the toolbox . make a run for it . tomas ahhhhheeeeeehhhhh ! tomas fall back from the gulch -side , loosen several rock . the rock tumble downhill , hit vinh . vinh ahhhhhhh ! chuckie scale the gulch behind they . vinh rub he head . see something between the tree . thinks it 's huey . vinh ( cont 'd ) huey ? he start towards the brush . vinh ( cont 'd ) be that you , homie ? chuckie catch up with vinh , breathless from climb fast . vinh point into the brush . vinh ( cont 'd ) I see huey , there in the brush . chuckie what ? chuckie look around , hope against hope that vinh may be right , that huey may just be alive . vinh become perplex . vinh I see he . chuckie sure you do , bro . chuckie put he arm around vinh and help he up the rock side . vinh be shiver so hard he 's almost sobbing . just ahead tomas pull himself up and over the ledge . scene 104 page 67 104 104 ext . wood - evening tomas catch up with della , chase she into the tree . behind he vinh hoist himself up over the ledge , then chuckie . della run . faster than she 's ever run before . practically fly through the tree . her breath come hard . his too , just behind she . they footfalls crash into the foliage . it 's dark , so dark . she 's run blindly . and they be right behind she . tomas swipe at she . he just miss . he swipe again . a twisted shape loom ahead , almost block she path . she run right up to it then dart leave at the last moment , set up Thomas who 's right behind she . tomas run into the stump of a big old tree trunk , hit himself at groin level . he double over in pain . tomas conejo ! ain't nuthin ' can save yo ass now . della race on . Thomas gather himself together , pick up the chase . but that moment 's delay have buy she some time . her adrenaline pump hard . eye darting for a hide place among the dark shape and plane of the wood . 105 105 ext . deadwood pile - evening there it be , a deadwood pile . she throw herself down into its midst . the dry branch jag and tear at she hand and face . she burrow down low , so low she 's right in the dirt . she peer between the branch . tomas 's foot run by and disappear . she hear he circle the area then turn back towards she . a moment pass . she pick the next . rise slowly and softly from between the jag branch clutching the lug wrench . scene 105 page 68 and then there he be . dive out of the tree towards she . della raise the lug wrench . in the cloud moonlight it 's a almost biblical image : a woman rise from the brush wield a iron black cross . tomas crash towards she . della swing the lug wrench , hard , intensely , directly at tomas 's face . there be a thud as the sharp arm of the lug wrench catch he up under the chin . it send he reeling . he go down face first . della gasp in horror , watch as : tomas pull himself up onto he foot , come towards she once more . della swing the lug wrench back and strike he across the head . he spin , clutches at he head , then reach towards she again . she lose it . she swing the lug wrench towards he . all the year of pent up rage finally find they release . the wrench catch up under he nose with a sicken crunch . it drive the cartilage up and into he face . blood spurt from the wound . he stagger backwards . a shocked scream escape from della 's mouth . della awwwrgh ! as she stagger backwards in the opposite direction . tomas try to cry out but can only utter in pain . tomas unnh ! unnh ! unnh ! he try to pull the lug wrench out of he face . spin . stumble . the flashlight beam travel past they . scene 105 page 69 tomas ( cont 'd ) unnh ! tomas crash back into a tree . he lose consciousness . his body slump slowly down the tree trunk to the dirt . blood gush from where the wrench meet he face . he look like he 's dress for Halloween . della just stare . stare at tomas , at what she do , what she have to do . tomas ' eye be wide open , stare too , at nothing , dead . the horror of have kill someone overwhelm della . she start shaking with shock . vinh cry out for tomas vinh ( o.s. ) tomas ! the sound of footfalls crash through the brush follow . chuckie ( o.s. ) curb the squealing . you a gangsta or a boy scout ? vinh voice be breathless and jittery . vinh ( o.s. ) tomas 's go , chuckie . I can feel it . della tear herself away from tomas 's body and stagger into the deadwood to collect the toolbox . it glint , even in the darkness . she grab it and run for cover behind a tree . behind she in the near distance the chaotic sweep of the flashlight illuminate vinh and chuckie as they march through the wood search for tomas . chuckie tomas be one hard son of a bitch . he get she strung up from a tree by now and you know it . but chuckie do not look so sure . vinh charge ahead into the darkness . scene 105 page 70 della flash briefly into shot , run between the tree . the flashlight sweep by . vinh there 's something over here . chuckie walk towards vinh . vinh take the flashlight from chuckie and shine it towards a thick shape between three tree . vinh ( cont 'd ) it look like a body . they close in on a muddle of shape , bush and spidery tree trunk . the flashlight illuminate a tree trunk long and thick as a body . chuckie it 's a big old tree trunk , you paranoid gook . chuckie try to take the flashlight back from vinh but vinh will not give it . chuckie do not persist . vinh keep go , shiver and bluster . vinh sense something . he shine the flashlight behind the tree trunk . still nothing . sweep back . della dart between the evergreen behind they . she conceal herself in between the trunk and branch . brace herself , wait for the right moment , the one when they be not look , to run between the tree . cognizant enough to know they just want to find tomas right now . she seem to be on autopilot , become numb as the minute stretch on . she watch vinh plod forward and through the brush . he hit every inch of it with the flashlight . sigh . double back to follow chuckie . then , the flashlight catch a glimpse of something . sweep back , illuminate tomas 's dead body , splay out on the mud at the foot of the tree , eye stare wide , bloody , ghastly . tomas 's Catholic cross pendant glimmer in the flashlight . silence until vinh fall to he knee in front of tomas , try to speak but only a whisper come out . vinh tomas ..... iyah ! scene 105 page 71 chuckie realize from vinh 's demeanor that something really be wrong . he hesitates a moment , then rush over to vinh , stare too at tomas 's body , gulp back the desire to scream . he punch he fist hard into the tree behind tomas ' body instead . a shower of pine needle rain down on they . chuckie grab the flashlight and sweep it away from the body , grab vinh 's arm , ground he . vinh sob and shake . vinh ( cont 'd ) she gonna kill you and I next . we be all gonna die here . God know what other tool she get in that box . chuckie it be a stupid ass accident kill huey . you know that . and tomas .... chuckie choke up despite himself . he stand up , brushes the pine needle off he tee shirt . he pace back and forth . he pull the gun out from deep in he jeans . della creep between the tree behind they . she appear for a second or two , like a ghost , behind the next tree . chuckie defiantly fight back tear . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I promise you this . he kiss the gun . chuckie ( cont 'd ) this baby 's gonna cancel she Christmas . della dart between the tree , faster now . they voice follow she . vinh ( o.s. ) ai not no gun can kill a ghost go bad . scene 105 page 72 she stagger deeper and deeper into the forest , into the darkness . chuckie ( o.s. ) you in America now , dude , where the ghost bleed . she hear a faint gurgle . she slow , listen . it 's the burble of a stream .. she listen hard . traces the sound . tread towards it . there it be . glisten , even in the dark . 106 106 ext . stream through wood - evening she step between rock , walk straight into the stream below . she stand ankle deep in the icy water with she eye close clutching the toolbox . the water gurgle faintly below she , so cold it almost sound like glass break . the ghastly image of what just happen play out behind she eye like a inerasable movie of the psyche to be remember for all time . she 's talk to herself in a whisper . della I be sorry . all she know be that she just kill a boy . it may have be in self defense but she kill he . della ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry ! the grief overcome she silently . her face crumple . her stomach muscle spasm and wrack through she body . a grief so deep tear would be a relief . della ( cont 'd ) where be you , God ? she fall to she knee in the stream . holding herself and rock . the freezing water seep up into she clothes , she hair . scene 106 page 73 della ( cont 'd ) please , I just want to see my baby again . her rock slow until it stop . there 's a loud crunch close by . she rise reflexively from the stream . raise the toolbox . she look around . a branch have break from a tree and drag down into the stream behind she . this seem to bring she back to herself . she realize it 's only a matter of time before they come look for she . she need to get move . she set off downstream . she trudge through the shallow water . her wet coat drag heavily . the stream must end somewhere , likely at the other edge of the wood . she trudge onwards , sweeping aside the branch of stooping tree , step around rocky obstacle in the stream . forge ahead . she now need to pee . great . her temper surge up . she look for the right place to do it , realize it 's probably best to pee in the stream , so all trace of it will be disperse . a leafless willow trail its dry up branch into the stream . she make she way toward it . she lay the toolbox down and disappear between the branch . we see glimpsis of she lift she coat , pull down she pants , push the crotch of she underpant to the side . we hear she shiver and the faint tinkle of water meeting the stream . more glimpsis of she pull up she underpant and pants , smoothing down she coat . she hoist she coat up again around she waist and pick up the toolbox . she plow down stream once more . long to see the light that will tell she she 's at the edge of the wood , closer to the mall light , closer to home . she swallow another wave of grief . scene 106 page 74 the stream loop around ahead then split into two . she follow it , pick the leave fork . and then she hear it , the terrible sound of foot thunder down into the stream behind she . she do not even turn to see they . just run . run for she life . the glare of the flashlight blast against she back . freeze water splashes up she leg , soaking through she pants . her foot slip and slide over wet rock . but she keep run . vinh 's behind she . she can feel he breath , the swipe of he hand as he grab for she and miss . she run even faster . she leap over tree trunk that cross the stream . they leap behind she . she push through the hang branch of several tree . pushes they forward hard then let they go as she pass , right into vinh 's face . he try to duck but they hit he right in the eye . he cry out , cover he eye . vinh aaaarrhh . this busy she a moment or two to get ahead . the stream bend right ahead . she opt to stay in it . chuckie leap out , run along the bank , hope to outrun and trap she . but the stream then bend leave , give she a advantage . he leap back across the stream to the other side . but she 's outrun he . he charge back into the stream behind she . della keep on run through the stream , somehow trust its direction . vinh catch up with chuckie . the boy be maybe twenty - five foot behind she . a shot ring out . then a bullet race past she ear . lodge in a tree just ahead of she . she almost lose she foot . she would forget for just a moment , that they have a gun . another shot blast off into the night , skim she shoulder , hit the muddy bank of the stream . she flinch , brace herself , keep go , adrenalin pump harder than ever . scene 106 page 75 the stream wind around a bunch of rock ahead . for just a moment she 's invisible to they . she use it . when she reach the rock , she dive out , ducking below the glare of chuckie 's flashlight , down behind the rock . 107 107 ext . embankment - evening she creep up the muddy embankment hide deep in the shadow of some wiry shrub , as close to the mud as she back will allow . the boy stop by the rock . chuckie sweep the flashlight up the muddy embankment , look for a footprint , a sign of she . she try to creep through the midst of the brush to avoid leave print . tries to stay quiet as a mouse . stop when she see the flashlight sweep by . if she can get to the top , she can make another run for it . all of a sudden , it grow dark . the boy must have switch the flashlight off or maybe the battery 's dead . she listen hard for they footfalls . nothing . 108 108 ext . pine tree - evening she see that she be in the shadow of a big old pine tree . she creep behind its massive gnarled trunk and silently slide open the toolbox , fumble around for the screwdriver . she remove it from the box and grasp it tight . della rise slowly , remain conceal behind the tree . she reach up and softly place the toolbox deep in the junction of the first sturdy branch and the tree trunk . she pull herself up onto the branch and edge in close to the trunk . she peek between the branch . no sign of the boy . she pull herself further up into the tree , branch by branch . the thin stiff outer branch , fringe with sharp little needle , fall like a jag veil around she . she wait . she 's high enough up to have a clear view of the landscape below despite the darkness . she make out the faint echo of voice , strain to hear . scene 109 page 76 109 109 ext . stream through wood - evening vinh and chuckie be argue in whisper . vinh 's pale and shiver hard . vinh I do not feel good , chuckie . you think I get the hypothermia ? chuckie Nah , yo get the yellow fever . vinh sulk . vinh I be tell you , it be not natural how she get away every time . chuckie click the flashlight back on . sweep it up , across and back down the embankment to the stream , illuminate the bank . chuckie she get to be hide up on the slope ? you head up first and I will follow with the flashlight . the light sweep past she . della shrink further into the branch of the tree . she crunch she foot against a branch . shit ! the boy freeze , then resume talk in whisper . vinh I be not go up there without the gun . end of story . chuckie never would have peg you as a pussy , vinh . even when huey and tomas call it , I always defend you ass . vinh ai not no one never say I be a pussy . chuckie she a skinny ass bitch , too . can not be weigh in at more than one twenty . scene 109 page 77 vinh tomas a huey never call I a pussy . chuckie I be not speak ill o' the dead . vinh you already do . vinh 's shiver so hard he tooth be knock . chuckie anyway , when you ever shot a gun ? probably miss and shoot yourself in the foot . vinh pace , brace himself to head up after della . 110 110 ext . embankment - evening vinh start to ascend the embankment . chuckie that 's the spirit gangsta . holler if you see she and I will shoot . vinh glare back at chuckie . vinh faito ! della watch vinh plough through the brush . the flashlight sweep and dart with he movement , up ahead of he , up the embankment . vinh push through several tree , slip , regains he foot . he plod past the tree . she slip the screwdriver up she sleeve . prays he will not stop . she pull herself further up the tree . a sudden commotion of sway branch startles she , follow by a shower of pine needle . her heart stop . a moment later the sound of flutter wing be follow by the squawk of angry bird . she 's disturb a bird 's nest . scene 110 page 78 she see the silhouette of four large crow as they burst through the branch above and up into the patch of sky between . the crow circle the patch of sky above , like a Greek chorus . she look back down for a sign of vingh . see nothing . inch along a branch to see better . the light sweep back and up through the tree into she eye line , disorient she . she hear footfalls so close by they must be under the tree . her eye have barely readjusted when she see he : vinh stand under the tree scan the area for a sign of she . she stare down at he , freeze , hold she breath . the flashlight illuminate the whole tree , then sweep away up the embankment . but vinh 's see something . he make out she footprint under the tree . he lean down to check , then rise , look up through the branch . they eye meet . he open he mouth to shout for chuckie . she leap down through the branch . land thud on he back . vinh ( cont 'd ) chuuucckkkkieee ! she silence he yell with a choke hold . wrap she leg around he torso . he bite she arm but she hold tight . chuckie ( o.s. ) vinh ? panic have creep into chuckie 's voice . chuckie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) vinh ? vinh topple to the mud , drag della with he . they roll as he desperately try to disengage she . the flashlight frantically search the area for they . della frees the screwdriver she would stuff up she sleeve . she drive the screw driver up into the base of vinh 's skull . scene 110 page 79 vinh scream . she thrust and twist the tool . all the while she 's tightly wound around he , intertwined , intimate as a lover . she drive the screw driver deeper in until she feel she knuckle dig into he stiff hair . vinh 's scream become a high keen wail . the screwdriver pierce the base of vinh 's skull . it protrude through he mouth , knock several tooth out in a stream of blood . his scream crack into a death rattle as hers begin . they roll downstream . his arm be wrap in a death grip around she . they roll until they crash full into a tree about two third of the way down . she feel he grip loosen and he body slump over hers . he become so heavy he almost crush she underneath as he die right there on top of she . she 's trap , suffocating underneath he , until she find the strength to push he off . she crawl out from under he body . push he away , set he off roll again . she try to stand up but she leg be unsteady . her head hurt so bad it 's about to burst . the world around she shift into a migraine zone . trails follow tree , rock , brush . the desire to close she eye , to close it all out almost overwhelm she . her shoulder aches too and there 's a new pain in she arm where vinh bit she . she see blood have matte she sleeve , and roll it up to find a nasty bite mark . there 's a loud crash . della freeze and move only she eye , look around . it 's vinh 's body hit the stream below . scene 110 page 80 where be the light at the edge of the wood ? nowhere to be see now that 's for sure . she stagger along the slope , clutching onto tree trunk and root as she go . della grab for a shrub to help she cross a patch of muddy slope . pull it clean out by the root . lose she foot , reach for the root of a old tree . she pull herself up . plod once more along the slope , head upwards in a diagonal through the darkness . she arrive at the top of the slope only to be meet by more darkness . but there 's a strange calm about she now . like she 's reach the eye of a terrible storm . chuckie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) della ? when she hear he voice drift faintly towards she , she almost smile . she know he 's come for she and there 's nothing she can do about it . della shiver as she see a surreal tableau ahead : four huge fell tree wrap in white plastic . they sad stump be only foot away . it 's the funeral parlour of the forest . chuckie ( cont 'd ) delllaaa ? 111 111 ext . fell tree wrapped in plastic - evening della sink down behind the large trunk of a plastic wrap tree . she listen hard , try to fathom which direction he 's come from . his voice drift in and out of proximity like he 's pace around in circle . his voice have change - he 's drop the gangster schtick . chuckie there 's only you and I , now . maybe , if he wander into the right position , she can sneak up on he from behind . she rake about in the dirt look for a rock or a stick . then she remember something , stick she hand in she pocket , half smile . scene 111 page 81 chuckie ( cont 'd ) I see a little trail of you blood back there . you must be hurt . della check out the bite mark on she arm to find it 's still bleed . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I be hurt too . I think you bust up my collarbone . his black silhouette appear ahead between the gray tree . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I know you can hear I , della . chuckie sniff . chuckie ? I can smell you blood , you sweat . I know you be close . chuckie 's eye glint in the darkness . chuckie after what go down tonight , we get a special bond . della listen , transfix . his dark shape beckon to she . chuckie ( cont 'd ) May as well come out now , della . she do not move . she watch he pace around try to work out where she be . he pull out a pack of cigarettes , tap one out , light it . inhale . exhales . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I will save one for you , for when you decide to come out . he inhale again , exhales . he laugh admiringly . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you be one tough bitch . scene 111 page 82 the tone of he voice begin to change . chuckie ( cont 'd ) and that 's hot , hell yeah . frustration break through he voice . she can see he shadowy form move through the darkness towards she . he stop . chuckie ( cont 'd ) and they be really cute . chuckie click on the flashlight , shine it straight ahead - right in between the plastic wrap tree . della freeze . they ? chuckie 's eye penetrate the darkness . chuckie ( cont 'd ) twin huh ? terri and tammi . della do not move . terrify . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I bet you could use that cigarette now della honey ? ( he chuckle ) a woman 's purse can tell she whole life story ! della stare petrify as he unfold she purse from deep in he jacket . he empty the content out onto the dirt . chuckie ( cont 'd ) now I know where they be live , I be think I may stop by after and say hello . della want to run at he so bad she almost hyperventilate . but she also know that 's what he want and she refuse to give he the satisfaction . we move in closer on chuckie . he 's look right at where she 's hide , pure malevolence harden he face to a mask . chuckie ( cont 'd ) they would not know a damn thing about what happen to mommy while she be out , would they , della ? scene 111 page 83 we move in on della . her knuckle be blue white and she eye be blaze . rage explode in she . she do not even realize that she be shouting till she 's do . della i'm go to kill you . chuckie waltze towards she hide place . chuckie I figure that would help you find you voice ! della crouch further in behind the fell tree . why the hell do she shout ? she could have be hide anywhere . now he must know for sure where she be . chuckie ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I would never touch they . it 's wrong to hurt kid ! right , della ? she clamp she mouth close . chuckie continue waltzing toward she , stop about twelve foot away . he stare in between the fell tree like he have x- ray vision . chuckie ( cont 'd ) the game 's over . chuckie laugh . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you win ! sadness creep into he voice . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you take he from I ... he be only seventeen year old . and all he ever want to do be see the ocean . and he never see it . no , he never get to go . chuckie 's grief sit like a stone in he throat . chuckie ( cont 'd ) they be all go now . chuckie cough , a dry labour cough . he hock long and deeply in he throat . but whatever it be he can not spit it out . he rub he throat and collarbone gingerly . scene 111 page 84 chuckie ( cont 'd ) you know the movie " clockwork Orange " ? della look puzzle . yeah , and ? chuckie ( cont 'd ) well , they be my droogy , della . chuckie sigh . chuckie ( cont 'd ) chance be they would of turn on I anyway , just like in the movie . chuckie pace around , deep in think . chuckie ( cont 'd ) none of they be real ass outlaw . no , not in the way you be . you be the real deal , lady . he stop . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I be already think about cut some of they loose , get a new style posse together . della 's head be spin . chuckie ( cont 'd ) how 's about it , you and I ? this can not be real . have he lose he mind ? she utter under she breath . della give I a break . chuckie reach down , retrieve she diary from the dirt . she cringe . chuckie Monday night mechanic . Tuesday pilates . Wednesday Spanish . Thursday , I wish .... he close the diary . scene 111 page 85 chuckie ( cont 'd ) face it , della . you be not no suburban housewife . chuckie 's eye dart around in the darkness . chuckie ( cont 'd ) so you buy into the big lie , even try to live it . who could blame you ? husband , kid , security , every woman 's dream , but not yours , della . you know there be not no such thing as security . he cough some more . chuckie ( cont 'd ) but I be betting you do not really know who you be until tonight . I reckon I know what you have be dream about though , what you have be aching for , through all this lonely , waste year . blast out of podunk without never look back . feeling the wind in you hair and the dirt of life between you finger . do all the thing they tell you you be not suppose to do . take what you want from life . and waste anyone who stand in you way . right , della ? she close she eye like she 's see it all behind they . chuckie ( cont 'd ) do not say you be not think about it . if it 's in you blood , it 's in you blood for all time . a long sigh sneak out . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you have yourself fool , della . a single tear run down she cheek . chuckie ( cont 'd ) shit , lady , you take my whole crew out with nothing but a bunch of they tool . she open she eye . scene 111 page 86 chuckie ( cont 'd ) you can not go back to you old life . no way . it 's all over for that . kaboom . she do not know what to say . chuckie ( cont 'd ) hook up with I 's about the best chance you get . he sound deadly serious , seductive even . she 's lose in some kind of trance , look like she just might believe he . can she possibly be believe this ? chuckie ( cont 'd ) I bet you be on the out with you old man . she inhale sharply . chuckie ( cont 'd ) when we pick up you kid , we can waste he if you like . she hold the breath in . chuckie ( cont 'd ) I can do it . or you can if you be ready . della exhales , respond . she seem lose to we . della I want ... but she do not finish the sentence . she rise slowly from between the plastic wrap tree . a momentary grimace of pain cross she face . then , they eye meet , like for the first time . it catch they both by surprise . he smile . chuckie leave the tool . della I already do . he shine the flashlight on she path so that she can see where she be walk . scene 111 page 87 della step around the plastic wrap tree and between the stump . she head towards he , slowly , deliberately . chuckie 's hand be by he side . she stop a few foot away from he . she can see he up close . the clearest view of he yet . they both look like they have be to hell . chuckie Hell of a night , huh ? he lay the flashlight on the ground and turn the lens to point up through the tree and into the sky between they . della I be only go to the mall for some Christmas wrapping paper . chuckie smile . chuckie shit happen . they stare at one another , all alone in the night . a know moment stretch between they . she notice the gash of matte blood and bruise on he collarbone . della what now ? chuckie smile , bring he tooth back into a scary , feral grin . chuckie I want to look you in the eye before I kill you . della do not react . he bring up he hand , gun clutch , point and ready . della surprise he and we . della that 's what I figure . she nod she head , point she chin over he shoulder . della ( cont 'd ) huey there , go to help ? scene 111 page 88 chuckie be puzzle . chuckie huey ? huey 's .... he glance to the side for a split second , turn the gun as he turn he head . it 's enough . della slip the flare out of she pocket and open it in he face . before he even have time to react she leap at he with all the spring leave in she leg . her finger close around the wrist with the gun . the flare fall aside casting its fiery glow across they . she crash she good shoulder into the spongy place where he collar bone be break . it make the ugly noise of sinew tear . chuckie ( cont 'd ) christ ! she tumble he down to the December ground and wrap she leg tight around he . tight like a lover . she grind she chin deep and forcefully into the area of he break collarbone , exacerbate the wound . he cry out , thrashes about . she keep she body meld to he , grind she chin even deeper . he wrap he arm tightly around she and pull she even closer , wrench she chin up and away from he collarbone . they roll across the dirt . he whisper , low and close to she . chuckie ( cont 'd ) you be even better than I think . he push he mouth hard up against hers to stop she chin return to the wound . she try to pull away but he only press harder . neither can break away . it 's unclear who 's get the gun . they roll until she suddenly pull away , sit up . but he have she and she have he in a fatal leg lock . scene 111 page 89 and she have the gun . they look at each other . he smile . he make for the gun . she fire into he chest , just once , it 's enough . his leg release . he slump back . blood darken he shirt . gun smoke coil from the dark bullet wound . blood seep below he from the exit wound , spread out in a dark puddle . his body surrender to death . she stare down at he . a queasy silent moment pass . she stare at the gun in she hand . it feel so heavy , so unreal . his dead eye stare . she reach over and close they gently . and she 's light -headed , so light - head she could just float away . somehow she stand up . she look back down at the body , not quite believe he could be dead . she see she silver locket lie beside he in the pool of blood . she retrieve it . use she sleeve to wipe the blood away from its exterior . Inside the photo of she kid be still there ; tiny photo of tammis little thoughtful face and terri 's mischievous one look back at she . she snap the locket close . she search the area for the rest of she belonging , find she wallet , she purse , she diary , she lighter , she tampax box , a lipstick in the dirt . she stick everything in she purse . she almost miss she pack of cigarettes . we see they half bury under the dirt . she scan the area once more find they . the pack be empty but she take it anyway . it 's time to go home . 112 112 ext . wood - evening without really think about it , della slip the gun into she pocket and start run . Tree after tree disappear behind she until she see the light ahead . that place where the rest of the world meet the wood . scene 112 page 90 she peer through the last layer of tree like she would a curtain to she other reality , the one she almost leave behind . the housing development be still there and not more than a hundred foot away be she car . she hear the sound of distant siren . 113 113 ext . peripheral wood - evening she hurry across the clear towards she car . see the trunk be open . see sheet of wrapping paper blow about . see the big red bow tangle around a pine . she quickly gather they , stuff they in she purse . a moment of trepidation as she reach she car . what if it 's lock ? what if the key be go ? she press the Ford 's driver door handle and much to she relief , it open . she see the key still dangle from the ignition . 114 114 int . explorer - evening she climb into the driver 's seat and turn the key . no connection . no surprise there ! 115 115 ext . peripheral wood - evening she step back out of the car and look nervously around like nothing good could ever possibly happen to she again . the hood be still ajar by a few inch , the weight of pine branch still press upon it . she use the last of she strength to try push they away . a few smaller branch give way but the bigger one will not budge . she reach under the hood for the bar and pull hard . it scrape along the inner surface of the hood as she force it to prop the hood open to its maximum , about fifteen inch . the hood buckle but there 's enough room for she to reach in . she fumble about and find the positive wire have come loose from its attachment to the battery . she re-attach the wire and , Presto , the car light up and the key start to ping . she almost smile as she force the bar back down . the hood slam down after it . scene 116 page 91 116 116 int . ford - evening she quickly climb back into the car and turn the key . the engine sputter but do not fully catch . she turn the key again - another wimpy sputter . again , this time the sputter gather momentum , catch for a second , give up . she try again , the sputter gather momentum and catch for real . della look over she shoulder and back up , pull out of the tree , up and past the break barrier and onto the road . she make a tight U - turn , stick the car into four wheel drive and plow down the rough gravely road . 117 117 ext . rough road - evening she pass the plymouth on she way . see its wheel lodge deep in the mud . keeps go . 118 118 ext . empty housing estate - evening she drive right on through the ghostly housing estate , slow only to change back into drive as the road improve . empty house flash past like a movie in rewind . the light of the mall grow closer . 119 119 int . ford explorer - evening she pass that stop sign , sigh . the barrier be open and the road up to the mall stretch freely ahead . she slowly inch out on to the road and commit to she return to " civilization " . 120 120 ext . mall road - evening the road 's empty . 121 121 int . ford explorer - evening she punch the accelerator , drive just over the speed limit . 122 122 ext . mall road - evening the concrete block of the mall rise from the wasteland ahead on she leave . she slow , ahead there 's a small traffic jam at the entrance to the mall road . scene 123 page 92 123 123 int . ford explorer - evening she hear the siren before she see the police car . God , she hope they do not notice she smashed up windscreen , the fuck up side of the Ford . 124 124 ext . mall road - evening she edge slowly up to meet the line of car . watch as the police car circumvent the traffic and pull into the mall road , to join a police car that already have the mall entrance road block off . 125 125 int . ford explorer - evening of course . how long have it be ? that poor security guard . she check the car clock . it 's only 85 minute since she leave the house ! hard to believe . feel like another lifetime . another cop car whizze past the line . how long before they come for she ? she 's get to get back to the kid . della adjust the rearview mirror . her gaunt bloody face look back . della oh my . she look at she hand , they be ingrain with mud and blood . and she clothes ! while wait for the traffic to start move again she fumble on the passenger seat , find some kleenex . she wipe she hand , she face , use the rearview mirror , some kleenex and the rest of the water . she look only slightly better . the line start move . della follow . she pass the police car , steal a cursory glance . she keep check she face in the mirror . the car soon start to disperse in different direction . the mall disappear behind she . she turn leave onto a almost empty road . she can not wait to see she baby , make sure they be okay . how could anyone expect she to go the speed limit at a time like this . scene 125 page 93 she hit forty , forty - five , fifty . take it all the way up to sixty . run a light . 126 126 ext . railway road - evening as long as the road empty she 's gonna own it . 127 127 int . ford explorer - evening at sixty - five she race across the railway track . she slow down to just above speed limit when she see a car ahead on the adjoin road . with one hand guide the wheel she grab the lipstick from she purse . she carefully apply it in the rearview but she mouth be so parched it just cake into she chap lip . she wipe it away . 128 128 ext . crossroad - evening she drive through the crossroad . 129 129 int . ford explorer - evening she apply some lipstick to she cheek to give she some color . but she just look odd . she end up wiping it away with the back of she hand . gosh , this car in front be really take its sweet time . she decide to overtake . she accelerate to sixty . as she pass the driver stare at she car . she slow down so as not to arouse any more suspicion . she pass the familiar sign for " pleasant Valley drive " . the road 's empty ahead so she gun it to sixty - five . the closer she get to home , the faster she want to go . she try to resist but can not . the speedometer hit seventy . the car hurtle into the night . oh no , a red light ahead . and a car wait to go in the opposite direction . she decide to slow for this one . barely make it - screech to a halt . the driver in the forward face car check she out . she attempt to smile and look like a normal housewife . 130 130 ext . pleasant drive - evening she wait for the car to pass , then hit the accelerator again . she signal right , turn abruptly into meet the gate of pleasant valley dream Homes . scene 130 page 94 she rake about in she purse for she chub card , can not find it . she press the intercom . no one answer . she press again . still no answer . she back out hard onto pleasant Valley drive . luckily for she , the car she overtake a few minute earlier pull in . she tail the car tightly through the gate which scrape shut against she back bumper . but she 's in . she gun it along pleasant Valley Crescent and slow as she approach the sign for pleasant Valley boulevard . check herself in the mirror . pull into the boulevard . when she see she house ahead a huge sob engulf she . she snort it back . not yet . her face hurt so bad with repress emotion that it feel like it 's make of stone . she pull into the driveway . smooth she coat . she glance at the gun , which lie on the passenger seat . she turn off the ignition . she look back at the gun . she remove the car key from the ignition . she glance at the gun . she look at the house ; it all look normal . she take a deep breath . she move to get out of the car . she lean over , grab the gun and stick it in she purse . she find she chub card inside . she sigh . 131 131 ext . della' house - evening she remember she shoulder hurt when she climb out of the car . that she arm hurt when she push the car door close behind she . that she heart hurt when she see the star of the tree still lie there in the snow . the whole side of the car be scratch to hell and the windshield be shattered . she make she way down the path to the front door . she kick off she wreck muddy boot on the front step . turn the adjoin key , on the car key chain , in the front door lock . pushes open the door . 132 132 int . dellas' house - evening kenneth where the hell have you be ? scene 132 page 95 Kenneth 's voice meet she as she step into the house . Nice welcome . she do not respond . close the door behind she . walk into the house . there he be ahead , lean against the office door . beer in one hand , remote in the other . the tv blaring behind he . kenneth ( cont 'd ) I say .... he 's about to begin shouting again when he notice something 's not right about she . kenneth ( cont 'd ) della ? he switch the tv volume down use the remote . kenneth ( cont 'd ) della honey be you all right ? she stare back at he coldly . della please do not call I that . do not ever call I that again . kenneth what ? she step slowly towards he . see a violent adventure flick wrapping up behind he on tv . the end credit scroll down the screen . della I just want to get home to my baby . Kenneth can not understand she garble word . he see the dry blood on she chin , matte mud on she coat . kenneth what happen to you ? she just stare . kenneth ( cont 'd ) be there a accident ? scene 132 page 96 she keep stare , look at he with a cold odd expression . she need to be hold like a child but he do not even move towards she . just stand there like a jerk , unsure of what to do , so he take a swig of beer . kenneth ( cont 'd ) be you hurt ? that swig of beer turn what be leave of she love for he to stone . a beat . della be they okay ? without wait for a answer . 133 133 int . stairway - evening she turn and race up the stair . 134 134 int . the twins bedroom - evening she open the door softly . the night light cast a pale glow out low across the carpet . there they be , all tuck up in they quilt , breathe gently , little face flushed with sleep . she sigh , close she eye with relief , softly close the door behind she . 135 135 int . stairway - evening walk back downstairs . 136 136 int . kitchen - evening Kenneth be pace about the kitchen , open another beer . kenneth sound asleep , huh ? Kenneth , unsure what to do , try to make a joke . kenneth ( cont 'd ) so . what would you bring I from the mall ? della sigh , calmly pull out the gun from she pocket , look he right in the eye , point the barrel at he face . scene 136 page 97 he shrink back , silent for once , blind panic play across he face . but not hers . she 's cold , cold as the icy night . she pull the trigger at point blank range . click he recoil . but no bullet disengage from the barrel . nothing . she know there be no bullet leave . but the click echoe throughout the silent house . della nothing . the end