while we be Young noah baumbach white draft 8-13-13 blue revision 9-16-13 pink revision 9-30 - 13 ii . solness : the funny thing be that I have become so disturb by young people ! hilde : what ? younger people ? solness : yes , they upset I so much that I have sort of close my door here and lock myself in . because I be afraid they be go to come here , and they be go to knock on the door , and then they be go to break in . hilde : well , I think maybe you should open the door and let they in . solness : open the door ? hilde : yes - so that they can just gently and quietly come inside , and it can be something good for you . . . solness : open the door ? -- from wallace shawn 's adaptation of henrik ibsen 's " the master builder " we hear a instrumental lullaby version of the Rolling Stones 's song '' under my thumb . '' close on the peaceful face of a sleep baby , gently float . int . fletcher / marina apt . - live room , brooklyn . day 1 close on Cornelia srebnick , 41 . she 's hum softly . we move out slowly to see she 's rock the infant on a big comfortable couch fionlle with baby blanket , stuff animal and child 's book . we move over to see josh srebnick , 44 , on the floor watch she -- he expression a kind of awe . she look at he , hesitate , take by the intensity of he look . a moment of connection and warmth pass through she . he smile softly back . cornelia ( to the baby ) there be three little pig and they make a house out of twig and the wolf come and ... ( to josh ) do you remember how it go ? josh he blow it down ? the baby start to fuss . cornelia yeah . but , what happen in the middle ? josh ( think ) I keep want to do this little piggie go to market but that 's with the toe . the baby start to cry . cornelia the wolf keep blow the house in . the pig keep make different house . ( rock the baby ) oh ... shh , shh , shh . the baby be wail . Cornelia rock she faster . she look panicked . pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 2 . cornelia what the fuck do we do ? josh do not know . bang , a door open and a woman come in with a boppy strapped around she waist . this be marina , 30' . marina okay , who 's ready to eat ? josh marina be we take in or -- who 's ready to eat ? she sit down on the couch next to Cornelia , lift the sobbing infant from out of Cornelia 's arm and place it on the boppy . the baby 's onesie have a image from the clash 's first album across the chest . marina open she bra and give the baby she breast . the baby nurse , stretch and stop cry . marina ha ! I love how she stretch ... it 's just like we do ... it 's so funny . it never occur to I that stretch be innate . she stretch , imitate the baby . Cornelia smile politely . a curly haire man with glass , early 40' , enter . fletcher . fletcher you want to see it ? josh yeah . fletcher sit near josh . fletcher it get infect with staph but it 's not the bad staph . he push up he sleeve to reveal a square black and white tattoo on he bicep . cornelia what be it ? fletcher guess . ( to josh ) you can come closer it 's not the bad staph . he shove pink ( 09/30/2013 ) marina I still do not want the baby touch it . he shoulder in josh 's face . josh I can not ... tell . fletcher it 's Willow 's sonogram . josh oh ...okay . fletcher I do it for marina . I be so fuck proud of she . marina why it 's for I , I still do not understand . josh where do you even go for a tattoo ? fletcher I ask a guy at work and he tell I where he kid go . place in williamsburg . where else ? ( pause ) you know , she do not get the epidurol . marina it 's a mother fucker -- it 's a ring of fuck fire -- but it be the most beautiful experience of my life . fletcher and I fall in love immediately . a love I have never feel . I mean , do not take that the wrong way , marina -- marina no , I know exactly what you mean . it 's pure . cornelia ( how sweet ) aww ... a2 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 4. marina * ( can not help herself ) oh , you guy should do it ! fletcher yeah ! marina * you have make such good parent . ( catch herself ) I be sorry , I be sorry ! cornelia no , it 's fine . you know , we -- she look at josh . josh marina we ... it 's just such a game changer ! we stay on josh and Cornelia 's face . fletcher ( 0.s. ) when I see she , I think : '' I know you . '' marina ( 0.s . ) * it 's true , I recognize she immediately . fletcher ( 0.s. ) and because I would be read to she in the womb , she know my voice immediately . marina ( 0.s. ) fletcher ( 0.s. ) it 's like in one moment , I read she Stephen King 's the + everything be different . tommyknockers . fletcher ( 0.s. ) it 's like all the stuff before , fine , you know , we be figure it out , but now : okay , real life . you know ? josh and Cornelia nod . ext . cobble hill street , brooklyn . day a2 Cornelia and josh walk home . pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 4a. int . josh and cornelia 's apartment . day 2 they enter . a open floor - through of a brownstone . the room , separate by large wooden pocket door , look half - finish , frame picture lean against the wall , project undertake and abandon . some nice stuff , a couple of antique chair or a table . a water stain untend to on the ceiling . cornelia I can not remember goldilocks either anymore . the porridge part , but not what happen . josh she get eat , right ? cornelia do she ? josh there 's like a oven that 's too hot . josh shrug . silence . cornelia you do not want kid , right ? ( josh hesitates ) because I do not . ( they both hesitate ) I be sorry , I feel so guilty for say that . I mean , I do . if we would have the magic sexy version and one day suddenly have a baby ... but all that drug and shot and miscarriage -- I do not want to do it again and it not to work . josh I know . ( beat ) and I like we life as it be . cornelia ( relieved ) I too . josh I do not want thing to be different than they be right now . cornelia I know . I mean , if we want to take off for Paris tomorrow , we could . josh yeah , I mean I think it would be hard to find a affordable fare on such short notice , but yeah ... cornelia no , I know and I could not leave work . josh if we be go to do it we should plan it at least a month in advance . cornelia a month be still in the realm of spontaneity . josh no , I know . I mean , the time we spend in Rome , what be that -- cornelia 2006 . josh ( can not believe it ) it be not 2006 . cornelia yeah because I be work with my dad on he dance film . josh Rome be eight year ago already ? shit . cornelia yeah , I look at the picture recently and we be two young people stand at the treve Fountain . josh we look similar . cornelia we look young . ( pause ) I try to get you to go to Mexico last summer -- josh I need to finish my documentary . cornelia but you do not finish it ! they both take a deep breath . pause . josh well , maybe the point be we have the freedom . what we do with it be not that important . a3 b3 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 7. cornelia marina say they have not have sex in nearly a year . fletcher be too weird out by the pregnancy . josh God . int . dine room . night a3 they eat thai take - out at a table set for two . int . kitchen . night b3 they do dish . int . josh / cornelia apt . - bedroom , cobble hill , brooklyn . 3 night josh , in he boxer , take off he watch and put it on the night table . Cornelia undress . they move about in silence , finish they nighttime routine . only the sound of footstep , water run , clothes come off and go on , bed squeak . josh lie on he back and shut he eye . Cornelia get in bed and click on she bedside lamp which light up nearly everything . josh place he arm over he eye . josh what be that , a seventy - five watt ? she look under the shade . cornelia I can not see , it 's too bright . josh it 's too high a wattage . cornelia I nil change it tomorrow . int . josh / cornelia apt . - home office . day 4 josh pace back and forth in he home-office . his editor , Tim , early 30 's , sit at a desk - top attach to a series of drive . a tousle scholar , ira mandelstam , 50 's , talk gravely on a tv screen . scholar ( on screen ) there be a poll conduct in 1987 in which people be give a series of phrase and ask which one could be find in the US constitution -- josh let I see the continuity ... scholar ( on screen ) one of the phrase that get the high percentage of vote be : '' from each accord to he ability , to each accord to he need . '' this , of course , be not to be find in the constitution , but be the famous Communist credo popularize by Karl marx . josh take the sheet and hold it about two foot from he face . he squint . josh why do they type this stuff so small ? tim I think that 's 12 point . that 's normal . scholar ( on screen ) josh however , when this phrase be that be not 12 , that 's at present to people as a most eight . look at it , it 's tenet of communism , they , of tiny . course , overwhelmingly reject it . tim we need to cut away from ira here because ... we hear a ringing . on the screen : the scholar go into he pants pocket and retrieve a cell phone from a few year ago . scholar ( on screen ) hold on ... he look at it like he 's never see anything like it before . he put on read glass and very deliberately press talk . scholar ( on screen ) hello ?... Evelyn , I be do a interview ... do you look in the car ? this be every fuck day , sweety ! ( more ) scholar ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) I keep tell you : put they on a fuck chain around you neck ! ( mouth to the camera ) sorry . ( back to the phone ) sweety , if you do not stop this , I be go to fuck screa -- Tim freeze the image on the screen . josh we could cut to I ask the question about hermeneutics ? tim we could , but you look like this in that footage -- he show a image of a young josh in a goatee and jew-fro . tim it 's from eight year ago . and the previous shot of you ask any relevant question be this -- he pull up a image of josh with short hair and he arm ina sling . josh that 's from when I fall down the subway stair at Grand Army Plaza . the blizzard of 06 ? you remember how icy that be ? we CUT between a series of joshes from over the year . different hair length , a beard , a brief moustache , a black eye . josh you remember , I be try my part on the other side . Tim do not . josh God , eight year ago . have it be that long ? tim it 's be ten . josh ( count in he head , rationalize ) ( more ) 10 . josh ( cont 'd ) ten this fall . nine and a half . look at my jaw -- I have more baby fat . ( look at he reflection in the computer screen ) be my eye get hollow ? tim I do not know . josh ( try to be positive ) well ... we be get there . Tim look at he , totally skeptical . josh when the rest of the grant money come in , we will reshoot I ask the question along with the trip to Istanbul . tim hey , josh , I hate to bring this up , but I be gonna need a little money soon . josh no , I know , you have be patient . I be just wait for the rest of this last grant money . tim but soon ? josh yeah , I 'il get you . go into he wallet . josh you need anything now ? he hand Tim a couple of twenty . josh you know , get maggie some flower or ... tim I be go to use it to buy food . josh oh , yeah , yeah ... good idea . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 11 . int . new school auditorium . late day 5 a room with about fifty chair , about seven of they occupy by people over 50 . josh stand at a lectern with a lap top . a blank tv screen behind he . josh '' Le documentaire , c'est ce qui arrive aux autre , la fiction , c'est ce qui m'arrive a moi . '' '' documentary be about someone else . fiction be about I . '' ( glance out at the small crowd , have make it through the french part ) this be a quote from jean-luc godard . now , what do we think about this ? can a documentary be personal ? documentary , I want to say to you today , can and should be about I . josh hesitates . a guy in the audience wear a porkpie hat be filming he with a portable camera . josh be momentarily distract . josh I meaning all of we . ( to the room ) light . ( pause ) Frank , can you just hit that switch ? a elderly gentleman oblige . josh hit a button on he lap top . josh this be a image from -- nothing happen on the screen behind he . josh press the button again . nothing . josh well ... shit ... this should be a image of seal hunt from '' nanook of the North . '' CUT to : josh collect he thing from a chair at the foot of the stage . a squat woman , 50 's , who run the lecture series , shrug and smile tightly at he . squat woman sorry . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) lia . josh ( suddenly paranoid ) about what ? Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 12 . the guy , 25 , who be shoot josh , come forward . he wear he muss hair under he porkpie hat , a old plaid shirt hang out over slack , and beat up boot . this be Jamie . jamie hey . beautiful class . josh oh ... thanks . I do not know why the power point do not work , but ... jamie I love what you say about '' hyper - reality . '' I be Jamie . josh jamie josh srebnick . this be my wife , darby . a girl , 23 , in a high waist dress and lace up boot come forward . darby hi. Nice to meet you . it be interesting . josh thanks . I be not sure why the power point do not work ... how do you get in here ? jamie we be audit you class . josh it 's a continue education class , you can not audit a continue education class . jamie ( shrug ) I be a fan . and hey , I really love you film , power Elite . josh ( take aback , can not hide he pleasure ) you have see it ? hey ... thanks . jamie it 's everything I aspire to and you make it look so easy . josh do you make documentary ? Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 13 . jamie I shoot stuff , you know , with friend , yeah . nothing like you be do . darby he 's always shoot . josh um , do not take this the wrong way , but how do you see power Elite ? jamie I find a vhs on Ebay . I pay like sixty dollar for it . you know what be great , be that scene with the dog around the garbage ? how do you stage that ? josh oh ... that dog be just there and I say , '' hey shoot that dog . '' ( not a great story ) and ...we do . jamie ( clap he hand together ) beautiful . josh I have be work on this other one for ... about eight year now but I think I be zeroing in on it . jamie I would love to see it . darby when I be a child my dog be kill in front of I by two rottweiler . ( she start to laugh ) I do not know why I be laugh . it 's not funny . I be five . my dad and I be walk we poodle which I have name toto and this two rottweiler come bound out of a open gate and just attack . my dad flagge down a pass car and we climb in the back and he cover my eye so I could not see toto get maul . she cover she face , she 's still laugh . 14 . josh ( hesitates ) I be sorry to hear that . jamie you want to come get a bite with we ? josh oh ... I be meeting my ... wife around the corner at this chinese place . jamie hey , my wife and I be go to the same goddamn place ! int . chinese restaurant . evening 6 josh and Cornelia sit next to each other . josh be in the middle of talk to Jamie and darby who face they across the table . josh ... I have learn along the way that you can discover more by not know the answer , by allow yourself to be surprised by what you encounter . Jamie nod with great interest . jamie yeah , yeah . josh sometimes that mean wait year for something to happen . I do not know . I could go on about this stuff for day . jamie how do you start out , like who influence you ? josh oh , I steal from everyone , you know , maysle , wiseman , pennebaker ... my first job out of graduate school be work for Leslie breitbart . jamie ( impressed ) jeez Louise . 15 . josh that 's also incidentally how I meet Cornelia . he 's she dad . jamie what ?! cornelia this be before they hate each other . josh we do not hate each other . Cornelia produce she dad 's film . jamie he 's amazing . cornelia yeah , he 's kind of annoying I right now , but ... yeah . jamie he 's a giant . he 's a guy I have love to meet . do you also produce josh 's film ? cornelia no , josh like to work alone . jamie ( again with real interest , to josh ) josh , what 's you new film about ? josh well , I be try to solve the problem that eisenstein never solve -- that be how to make a film that be both materialist and intellectual at the same time -- darby get a text and start to reply . Jamie yawn openly . josh feel he 's lose he audience but keep go . josh it 's about the distinctly american relationship between biography and history , theory and method and how that relate to power and class in we country , particularly the political , military and economic elite . ( sense he 's lose they ) it 's really about America . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 16 . Jamie take out a pad and pen and scribbles something down . jamie eisenstein be astonish . I just see Strike ! I be obsessed with Europe in the 2us , see . the interwar period , ex-patriot , that sort of thing . darby I keep try to get Jamie to do something with before and after . all human love before and after . any tv show with before and after will succeed . jamie ( smile broadly ) before you say that . ( Jamie frown ) after you say that . darby ( shake she head ) fuck you . he grab she breast she smack he hand playfully and return to she phone and answer a text . Cornelia try a accommodate smile . cornelia what do you do , darby ? jamie darby make ice cream . cornelia oh , yeah ? darby ( shrug , texting ) yeah , I make ice cream . jamie I bring it over to the Whole Foods near we and they be pump . darby it 's Jamie 's idea to sell it , I just do it because I like it . cornelia and you guy be marry ? Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 16a . they both nod in unison . 17 . cornelia that 's so nice and old fashioned . jamie yeah . we say we vow in a empty water tower in harlem . cornelia oh. darby there be a mariachi band and a slip and slide . josh wow . darby jamie Jamie want a big wedding . it be amazing . some ritual exist for a reason , you know . cornelia ( glance at josh ) yeah . we do it at city hall . darby ( look up from a text ) Isaac and benny be walk the track . jamie have you guy do this ? we walk through the subway tunnel on the D line last week . josh ( as if it 's commonplace ) no , no , we have not . darby they be at a bar on Essex . you want to come ? josh ( to Cornelia ) oh , do we -- ? cornelia it 's already past we bedtime . josh ( sheepishly ) yeah , we be usually in bed by eleven . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 18 . the check be place on the table . anticipate some resistance , josh put he hand on the check . josh let I get it . jamie ( eagerly ) thanks . darby yeah , thanks . josh 's hand remain on the check in preparation for it to be take from he . nothing happen . josh no , yeah , I will get it . ext . chinese restaurant . evening 7 Jamie and darby unlock they bike which be chain to a street - sign with old - school bike chain . Jamie attaches the chain to he pants like a accessory . jamie if you have get any time -- and I know you be super busy -- I have love to show you what I be work on . darby come by we place this weekend . ( to Cornelia ) I have my fall flavor . Jamie give josh a old Polaroid of himself and write he number on it with a sharpie . his handwrite be in all cap , very precise . jamie they do not make this film anymore . I buy four hundred pack before they discontinue it . Jamie , without a helmet , hop on he bike which have a crochete seat . darby be still tie she helmet . jamie let 's go , worm ! ( to josh and Cornelia ) peace . pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 19 . darby ( to josh and Cornelia ) Jamie be always move . I can not leap as fast as that kid . I do not move as quickly . they both pedal into the center of the street . the streetlight give they a kind of glow . we move in on josh and Cornelia . they do not know what hit they . josh ( v.o. ) I like how engage they be in everything . int . josh / cornelia apt . - bedroom . night Cornelia be read on she Kindle . josh stand in the bathroom doorway . cornelia mm . josh they be all make thing and they be so excited for each other . it 's selfless . they be so respectful of we . I mean , compare to when we go out with fletcher and marina I feel like we be all just talk about ourselves ... they ask question . cornelia they do not ask I any question . josh when I be they age I would never have come up to I like that and invite I out . I would have be too scared ... they be really not nervous . cornelia I wish you have not tell he I work with my dad . josh why ? cornelia I do not know , he seem ambitious . josh no ! I do not think he think that way . it 's about process . he climb Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 20 . cornelia how have he even see anything of yours ? josh ( like it should be obvious ) Ebay . ( scan the room ) I love he shoe . I have some wing tip here somewhere . into bed . cornelia it be almost like he be study you . josh can we go to they place this weekend ? cornelia we never see we real friend , why be we suddenly go to hang out with a couple of twenty - five year old . josh we be just twenty - five . I mean , we be not , but you know . it 'il be fun . CUT to : close on a woman , 25 , scrolling through the address on she phone . girl # 1 um , let 's see , it would probably be ... Richard dreyfuss . he 's a old friend of my parent . guy # 1 um , this girl who be a writer on that show , medium . yellow block text on the screen : who 's the most famous person in you cell phone ? girl # 2 Doug liman . guy # 2 Bill Clinton . but I think it 's probably he office . guy # 3 Patrick ewing 's brother . carl. 21 . guy # 2 ( now on he phone ) ringing . ( pause ) yeah , it 's he office . girl # 3 Robert downey . senior . int . jamie / darby apt , bushwick . day Jamie watch josh and Cornelia watch the short on he computer . they be both smile . darby hover in the background , hold a white kitten , she 's see it . josh that 's really funny . cornelia yeah . I like Robert downey . senior . jamie that 's the latest anyway . I be also do people describe scene from movie that they like but have not see in a while . darby 's go to do Rosemary 's baby , see . josh and Cornelia look back at darby . she oblige : darby what have you do to its eye !? josh ( play along ) he have he father 's eye . Cornelia pet the kitten in darby 's arm . cornelia I want a kitten ! darby that 's bad cop . where 's good cop ? a black kitten come out from under the couch . darby hand the white one to Cornelia and gather the other one . darby I love this kitten , but I hope they do not grow up to be asshole because that can happen . 22 . cornelia this be a great space . you know I think I have only be to williamsburg once before . darby this be not even williamsburg , it 's bushwick . we be in williamsburg , before then Park slope , now we be here . ( shrug ) we live where we be suppose to live . she indicate a series of old typewriter . darby Jamie 's a collector . my decorate sensibility veer towards 4th grade teacher . I like bulletin board . we see the place now . it 's old , open , and have the feel of be haphazardly curate : from the mouse trap stick to the molding to the flea market furniture to the vhs tape of random movie stack against the wall . a frame NY Times front page of the moon landing . a frame Polish poster of the Bob Dylan doc '' do not look back . '' a photo of darby go down a slip and slide in she wedding dress . josh look at a stack of record . Velvet Underground , kink , John coltrane , suicide , serge gainsbourg , thin lizzy ... josh this look like my record collection . except mine be CD 's . it take I year to discover this stuff . Jamie smile and put a record on the turntable . a notorious b.i.g / Miley Cyrus mash -up . josh admire a long wooden desk with a computer and editing equipment . josh I need to buy a new desk . jamie you should come with I to the lumber yard . we will make one . josh a whole desk ? jamie it 's so much cheaper than buy one , see . and more fun . ( more ) 23 . jamie ( cont 'd ) joshy , do not overpay at some douche farm like a chump . a dark haire girl , 26 , appear , in underwear and a T-shirt with the draw of a gun as if it 's tuck into she pants . tipper darby , can I borrow you bike , I be go to the deli for goldfish . darby okay -- tipper lift she long bare leg and scratch the bottom of she foot . jamie tipper , do you feed nico ? tipper ( disappear into the other room ) I forget . off Cornelia 's perplex look : darby ( with a hint of disdain ) that 's we roommate , tipper . Jamie grab a bag of bird seed from a counter , he open a small door that lead to a outdoor landing . a chicken pace in a cage . Cornelia hesitates . cornelia nico 's a chicken . CUT to : they sit around a small table . darby prepare something in the kitchen . josh I have to say I really admire how you guy be so in the moment and just enjoy do and make thing . it 's inspiring . jamie thanks , joshy . josh the people we age be so success and result orient , they have forget about process . 24 . jamie josh , be you success orient ? josh cornelia no. totally . josh look at Cornelia , surprised . a crash from the kitchen . darby reenter , shaking she head . darby I feel like there be people who do not drop thing as much as I do. ( to Cornelia ) I do not keep thing yar . jamie she 's a mess . and a ugly eater . I say that with love . darby ( playful ) fuck you . darby place down a home - make container with a hipster cow on it and four spoon . she and Jamie eat straight from the container . josh and Cornelia follow . darby it 's a avocado and almond milk sorbet . benny design the container . jamie it taste like that candy that they sometimes make into pig or little fruit . josh yeah , it 's ... shit . I know that . cornelia I keep want to say baklava , but that 's a Greek dessert . jamie right ... '' the almond taste pig and fruit be make of ... '' josh pull out he phone . josh ( realize , excited ) I ' 1l look it up . al0 b10 clo d10 e10 f10 g10 h10 25 . jamie no , that 's too easy . darby let 's try to remember it . they all sit in silence , rack they brain . cornelia how long until we decide we do not know ? josh ( be : he phone ) can i...now ? jamie no , let 's just not know what it be . CUT to : Technology montage : int . josh / cornelia apt . day al0 Cornelia read she Kindle . josh watch a Daily show video on he phone . int . jamie / darby apt . day b10 Jamie remove a vhs tape of the howling from a beat up box and slide it into the vcr . int . josh / cornelia apt . day c10 josh stream a movie on Apple tv . int . jamie / darby apt . day d10 darby put a wear kris kristofferson record on a turntable . she secure old - fashioned headphone to she head . int . josh / cornelia apt . day e10 Cornelia select a NPR podcast from she ipod mini and put on she sleek noise - reduction bose headphone . int . jamie / darby apt . day f10 Jamie type a letter on a old IBM selectric typewriter . int . josh / cornelia apt . - live room . day g10 josh play a video game on he iPad . int . jamie / darby apt . day h10 110 10 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 26 . the chicken sleep in he cage . end montage . ext . bushwick - STREET beach . day i10 CUT to : close on a text be type : joshy , street beach in effect ! get you goddamn self to the bush of wick for bourbon and ice creeeeem . CUT to : close on a hand receive the same text . fletcher ( v.o. ) we have news ! int . restaurant , smith ST . brooklyn . late day 10 josh sneak a look at he text , smile . fletcher and marina , josh and Cornelia sit at a table at the window . throughout the conversation , everyone be deal with he / she phone . fletcher I decide , with marina go back to work , I be take a leave of absence from the firm and be go to take care of Willow . josh oh...cool . how long ? fletcher indefinite . marina it 's such a load off and I be make enough -- fletcher yeah , it 's really just my ego at stake . josh fletcher time to rewatch Mr. mom. already netflix it . I get some laugh . marina we be the boring couple with the baby . what have you guy be do ? tell we something fun ! josh well , we meet this interesting couple . Jamie and darby . he 's a young documentarian and she make ice cream . * pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 27 . cornelia I do not know what to make of they honestly . I like she . josh they make everything . it 's infectious . for about twelve hour I think I could build my own desk . cornelia there be something about be around they that ... that energize you . you know ? marina how old be they ? cornelia josh ( look to josh ) 26 or 27 . I think around 26 . marina they be child ! fletcher nine year ago , they could not vote . cornelia but they be marry . fletcher why ? josh squint at he menu . he pick up a candle and hold it close to the menu in order to read . josh you should see this guy 's record collection . it 's jay-z , it 's thin lizzy , it 's mozart . they taste be democratic . it 's the goony and citizen kane . they do not distinguish between high and low , it 's wonderful . fletcher when do the goony become a good movie ? cornelia it 's like they apartment be full of everything we once throw out but it look so good the way they have it . pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 28. silence . josh feel he phone vibrate . he start texting . everyone else take this opportunity to text as well . fletcher look up . fletcher ( be : texting ) why be it once one person go on they phone everyone else have to . cornelia marina ( distract , on she ( distract , on she phone ) phone ) I just have a quick thing -- I be not on my phone . I be just ... the baby . fletcher each of we be so certain that we have get the most important thing to do right now ... cornelia ( texting ) I know , it 's rude . fletcher ( texting ) it 's not anymore . it use to be but now it 's accept . it 's like show you ankle in the 1800' . josh get a text . he light up . josh the almond taste pig and fruit be make of ... close : marzipan ! he and Cornelia both exclaim , laugh : josh / cornelia marzipan ! 11 ext . smith STREET , brooklyn . late day 11 it 's still light out . they emerge from the restaurant . josh ( to fletcher and marina ) you guy want to hit this street beach with we ? pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 28a . fletcher I do not know what you be say . josh something Jamie and darby be do . fletcher since when do you guy do two thing in a evening ? you never go anywhere . pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 29 , josh ( defensive ) we go anywhere . marina we have to get back for the sitter ... scratch that , we want to get back . fletcher I hate be away from she ! josh the sitter ? fletcher yeah ! ( beat ) no , Willow . marina fletcher you should see how much he it 's true . cry when he have to leave she . cornelia oh , we have lose you to the baby ! marina fletcher you guy have to come see she we be always home so just again ! she 's already a stop by ! different person . they kiss and hug goodbye . they part way . cornelia ( now to josh ) we have lose they to the baby . josh we go anywhere . right ? cornelia we never go anywhere . tipper ( v.o. ) High kick contest ! 12 ext . bushwick . late day 12 close on a open fire hydrant hemorrhage water . 30 . tipper , in a a home -made , totally unofficial t-shirt that say I have be to a lot of hard rock cafe , kick she leg high in the air . guy in vintage plaid short and porkpie hat and beard and bare foot try to kick higher . most everyone be filming everyone . Young woman in swim suit toss a beach ball . Jamie , with a apron that say kiss the chef , finish kick and see josh and Cornelia approach . he brighten and wave . jamie what 's the rumpus , srebnick ? darby hand Cornelia a pinkish drink in a clear plastic cup . darby have you try this ? someone at college figure out that if you put jolly rancher in vodka for twenty - four hour -- it 's awesome . ( nod to herself ) some kind of date rape genius . Cornelia drink , she nod . cornelia I have rape I . darby you want to take a dance class with I ? benny ( 0.s. ) ow fuck ! benny , a bearded white kid in a afro , sit at the curb , wince and pull a piece of glass out of he foot . Jamie and josh wade through the bather to a hibachi grill . jamie can I run a idea by you ? josh sure , what ? jamie it 's a project I want to shoot . josh okay . 31 . jamie I have never do Facebook , it 's not my thing , see -- josh oh , really ? I be against it at first ... but it 's actually quite a useful tool . it make I feel like I be really connect . and there 's picture -- a beach - ball hit josh in the head . josh what the shit ? watch it ! he realize very quickly that he over-reacted , try to be a good sport and toss the ball back with a force laugh . josh ha ! back atcha ! jamie it 's lame , yeah . that 's why I be do this new thing with it : I be go to start a profile and wait for people to contact I . josh well , that part 's normal , that 's Facebook . josh be douse with water from some splash partier . he try to continue unfetter . he wring out he shirt sleeve . jamie and whoever the first person be from my childhood -- someone I be no longer in touch with -- who contact I ... instead of respond on Facebook , see . I be go to go find they in person . with my camera . josh okay . jamie like make Facebook real . it 's like you want to talk to I , let 's talk . josh kind of just like real life ? 13 32 . jamie exactly . josh well , real be there before Facebook . jamie right ! josh it sound interesting . I be not sure it 's enough -- jamie what do you mean ? josh well , think about what you want to say . I mean , what be you hope to find ? jamie I ’1l1 know when I get there . you say , we should be open to surprise , right ? josh it 's a nice beginning . but it might not be a full enough meal yet , you know ? keep digging . Jamie nod , try to mask he disappointment . scholar ( v.o. ) when I criticize quantitative analysis , it 's not because statistic do not tell we anything . int . ira 's live room . day 13 book and papers and yapping dog . Tim hold a boom . josh look through the eye piece of a digital camera on a tripod . ira , the scholar , older than we see he on the avid , now sport a mostly gray goatee . he have stain khakis , cheap run sneaker and a band - aid on he forehead . scholar on the contrary , I have say that they be often very revealing . indeed , they be often most revealing when -- ( pause ) I have to go to the gent . 14 33 . josh okay . the scholar get up -- josh / tim wait , wait / wait ! the scholar be yank back by the lavaliere mike pin to he lapel . josh and Tim both rush to he aid , unhook he . he shuffles to the bathroom and pee with the door open . josh I guess he 's just do that . tim yeah . hey , josh , how 's that grant money do ? josh immediately go into he wallet . josh I be expect a email any day now which should confirm -- josh offer he a few twenty . tim no , thanks , but the rest of the grant money be come , yes ? josh ye 's . assume they be fund again for the next calendar year tim what do that mean ? josh I do not know , one of the donor leave he wife and ... I do not know -- they be confirm the funding . tim why would he leave he wife ? ext . brooklyn STREET . day 14 Cornelia carry a grocery bag , she listen to she ipod , sing aloud . she see someone off - camera and smile broadly . cornelia hey Fox ! pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 34 . a few foot ahead come she way : marina carry Willow ina baby bjorn next to two other young mother , early 30' , hold young child . marina hey foxy Fox ! cornelia I be just go to call you to see if you want to get lunch . marina oh , how sweet . this be pepper and elise . this be Cornelia . cornelia pepper / elise hey . hi. / Nice to meet you . marina we be go to a music class . elise it 's really just for the mother , they do not do anything yet . marina do you want to come ? cornelia oh ...maybe ... marina come on , then ! Cornelia start walk with the mother . elise how old be you kid ? cornelia mine ? I do not have any . elise oh ... I do not ... you be just come to hang out . cool . marina it 's adorable . if you do not know better you think they be have seizure ! 15 16 17 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 35 . int . music room . day 15 brightly light with solid primary color . a guy , 20 's anda girl , 20' sing a song about train as mother and nanny bounce they baby and sing along . Cornelia , she lap empty , sit next to marina , less enthusiastically sing along . she look embarrassed and miserable . Cornelia whisper something in marina 's ear . marina protest , but Cornelia be insistent . Cornelia get up and wind she way through sing mommy and baby . ext . brooklyn STREET . day 16 Cornelia come out of the building , she breathe raspy and shallow . she lean against the brick and compose herself . cornelia Holy shit ... she take out she phone and dial a number -- ext . STREET in redhook . day 17 darby and Cornelia walk together . cornelia I mean , I love she , she 's a great mom , but I always feel like if I have a baby , the baby would just fold into to my life . I mean , if you spend all you time at baby class , you become a baby . it 's like the mother be infantilize . you know ? darby ( talk generally ) I know , just like : have a baby . you be cool , you know cool people who have a house and , I do not know , just have a baby . you be go to mexican food and there 's a baby on the floor . cornelia I know . that 's how I grow up . darby I want a baby . maybe I 'il just have a baby right now . cornelia you should . you can . 18 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 36 . darby I like kid who do not speak English . ( pause ) when be you go to have baby ? cornelia ( hesitates ) a couple of time I get pregnant but it do not happen . darby I be sorry . cornelia the longest only go four week . after thirty - five it 's a shit-show . darby I be sorry . you do not have to tell I . cornelia no , it 's okay . it 's what happen . I like tell you . ( smile , shrug ) I like we life as it be . I think . even if we do have a kid , neither of we can cook . you can not get baby take - out . darby open a door to a building and they start up a narrow staircase . int . hip hop CLASS . continuous 18 darby I like how you give josh a hard time . cornelia I do not think I give he a hard time . they enter a dance room fill almost entirely with black , filipino and latina woman . darby it remind I of my mom . cornelia how she be with you dad ? darby no , with my brother . Cornelia frown . 19 20 21 22 23 37 . darby yeah , she would yell at he but iron all he weird racing t-shirt . I mother Jamie . darby smell she underarm and make a face . darby sorry , I stink . she change into a tank - top and baggy track pants . Cornelia put on a leotard . cornelia what kind of class be this again ? they enter a crowded dance studio . darby hip hop . tupac 's '' hit em up '' blast on and the woman start do 90 's music video dance move . Cornelia try to keep up , but look less like a fly girl than a farmer do a hoe-down . tupac continue over : montage ext . hat store , brooklyn . day 19 josh and Jamie admire the hat in the window . josh point to a irish cap . Jamie shake he head . ext . subway track . day 20 Jamie , darby , Cornelia and josh ( in he new porkpie hat which he 'il wear from now on ) walk along the outdoor track . a train rush by on another track . darby squeal with delight . Jamie whoops . Cornelia and josh look terrify . ext . housing project , basketball court . day 21 Jamie be the only white guy in a pick - up game on a asphalt court . int . gym . day 22 josh run on a treadmill . int . josh and cornelia 's apartment . night 23 josh toss he hat onto a chair . he pull Cornelia 's shirt over she head . she unbutton he pants . they open mouth crash into one another . they make love on the floor . 24 25 26 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 38 . int . bike shop , bushwick . day 24 Jamie and josh browse different bike . josh check out a elaborate ten speed . Jamie shake he head and point to a single speed vintage , shitty -look Raleigh . ext . bushwick street . day 25 josh , a helmet strapped to he head , and Jamie , helmetless , ride they bike . Jamie lift up he arm , soaking it all in . josh try to do the same . josh look suddenly disconcert and grab he side . he slow to a stop as we continue with Jamie soar onward . int . doctor 's office . day 26 josh sit on a examine table . a bald doctor be inspect he leg . dr . nagato well , it 's a just strain muscle . but the more concern thing here be you arthritis . josh arthritis ? dr . nagato yes . you have arthritis in you knee . josh be arthritis a catch - all for some kind of injury to the -- dr . nagato no , arthritis be a degradation of the joint . josh I know what traditional arthritis be . dr . nagato I be not sure what you mean by '' traditional , '' but this be arthritis . josh arthritis arthritis ? dr . nagato yes , I usually just say it once . josh at my age ? Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 39 . dr . nagato you be what , 42 ? josh 44 , dr . nagato well , it happen at 42 and it happen at 44 , josh uh huh . dr . nagato I be go to get you a prescription for paracetamol . we ’1ll start there and see how it progress , okay ? he hand a prescription sheet to josh . josh hold it about a foot away and squint . dr . nagato have you have you eye check recently ? josh I have genetically great eye . dr . nagato ( shrug ) you be grow up . int . williamsburg restaurant . day 27 we start on Jamie yawn open mouth . we move out to find josh in black rimmed glass and he porkpie hat talk across the table from he . josh it 's weird ... you know , I be at that age where the thing you think be only go to happen when you get older be actually happen . jamie if I be go to be totally honest with myself , I do not think I be ever go to die . I know that 's crazy . josh it 's crazy . jamie I think I be pathologically happy . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 40 . josh ( hesitates ) I mean , Cornelia and I ... for a while the fact that we get marry be so amazing ... I mean , we be marry ! now we be just marry , you know ? do you feel that way ? jamie best decision I ever make . josh ( glance around ) I really like this place . jamie ( excited ) oh , hey , I get my first response on Facebook . josh yeah ? jamie this guy , Kent Arlington . I have not see he since highschool in Santa Cruz . josh do you flesh it out more , the idea ? jamie a little , yeah . he 's live in poughkeepsie . tipper and I will train it up there and find he . a shaggy white haire man , late 60' , in a jean jacket and jeans enter the restaurant . josh shit . jamie what ? josh my father - in-law . Jamie yank he head around . jamie where ? 41 . breitbart see josh and give a tired smile . he approach . josh half - rise to shake he hand . breitbart how be you ? josh good , Leslie , you ? breitbart good . gearing up for my memorial . josh ( to Jamie ) Leslie be have a tribute at lincoln Center next month . ( to Leslie ) what be you do here ? how do you even know about this place ? breitbart be you kid ? I have be come here for the speck since it open . josh this be Jamie , a friend of mine . Jamie stand up and shake breitbart 's hand . jamie I be sure you hear this all the time , but both '' wedding '' and '' give arlo a bath '' change my life . it make I want to tell storey in a non-fiction mode . breitbart thank you . jamie thank you for you film . breitbart ( to josh ) how be the grandkid ? josh still do not exist . breitbart you will never regret it . ( beat ) how 's my daughter ? uh ... Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 42 . josh how do she seem to you ? breitbart I think she seem well . josh so , why be you ask I ? breitbart Cornelia say you be look for finish money . josh um...maybe ... it depend on this grant , if this guy leave he wife or not ... breitbart I meet a guy , hedge fund or something or other , he 's look to put money in doc . i’1l arrange a meeting if you be interested . josh breitbart do not be proud , josh . i'11 call you tomorrow with he number . josh ( defeat ) okay . breitbart ( to Jamie ) Nice to meet you . he walk to another table in the back and be greet by another man in a suit . jamie jeez Louise , work with he must have be astonish . josh it 's complicated , I feel I be see as he protege and ... I marry he daughter , I need to establish my own voice . I think he think I reject he , that I be arrogant . maybe I be . Jamie yawn and text . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 43 . jamie but you 's 1ll take that meeting -- josh probably not . jamie you have to , yosh . I mean , money 's money , right ? josh yeah , but I never pitch ... I just do not think in sound -bite ... ( muse ) I understand we be a culture of sound - bite , but -- jamie ( interrupt ) I ' 1l help you . you know , make it sound beautiful -- it be beautiful -- but beautiful to some suit . josh maybe . josh look over at breitbart chat with he lunch companion . jamie you can totally say no to this , but would you have any interest in co - direct with I ? josh oh ... no , it 's you thing , it should be you thing . jamie ( quickly ) I totally get it , yeah -- josh ( hesitates ) yeah ... it should be you thing . josh put he hand on the check . josh I get it . jamie cool . 28 44 , josh still anticipate some resistance or more appreciation , something , but get nothing . he hesitates then throw down cash . josh shall we go ? jamie you go ahead , I gotta take a leak . they embrace . we move with josh to the door . something occur to he . he turn around -- Jamie 's at breitbart 's table . he gesture animatedly . breitbart laugh heartily . josh watch . finally , he turn and exit . int . josh and cornelia 's apartment . day 28 josh be lay random white item of clothing on the bed . Cornelia practice a hip hop routine . josh he just offer it to I like it be nothing . I have be train to hoard credit , this kid be so generous . cornelia I know . josh yeah . what do you mean , you know ? which part ? cornelia about credit . my dad always say that about you . you do not collaborate well . josh he '' always '' say that ? what 's '' always ? '' cornelia I do not know , twice . I want to do that thing about the public school in the bronx and you be really excited about it until I suggest we do it together and then you kind of drop it . josh be about to defend himself . he hesitates . 29 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) josh maybe we should have do it . we still could . cornelia the time have past . josh I be sorry about that . I want to be better about that stuff . cornelia ( hesitates , touch ) thanks . Cornelia 's phone ring . she dance over to it . she . josh what be that , a hoe-down ? cornelia no ! it 's hip -hop . Cornelia find she phone . cornelia ( into phone ) hey Fox ! int . fletcher and marina 's apartment . intercut marina nurse the baby . marina Fox ! do you guy want to come to the Connecticut house this weekend ? josh start hip hop dance with Cornelia . cornelia ( laugh ) Connecticut this weekend ? josh ( loud whisper ) no , we have the ayawasca . fletcher walk by in the background . 45 . josh regards 29 fletcher marina where 's the cardboard sleeve what 's on it ? for this wilco CD ? 30 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 46 . fletcher marina the same image that 's on the why do you need it ? the CD cD. be right here . fletcher marina I do not know . it make it it ' will be we and pepper and special . she husband reade and elise and dwight . and then Willow , oscar and Peter who they be call nemo . cornelia that 's a lot of people . marina well , the last three be infant . josh shake he head , no and dance more vehemently . cornelia ( try not to laugh ) oh ... you know ... actually , we be do this ayawasca ceremony with Jamie and darby . marina what 's a ayawasca ceremony ? cornelia I guess ... there 's a shaman and you drink this sludgy liquid make from a peruvian root and you hallucinate and vomit up you demon . marina oh ... okay . we be just have a cookout and maybe play charade so ... cornelia it sound great . just bad timing . josh and Cornelia be both laugh now and do some combination of hip-hop / hoe-down . marina ( clearly disappointed ) yeah . int . victorian house , brooklyn . night 30 a circle of kneel people all dress in white . it 's whatever white they have available at home so it 's mismatch , 47 . a tall thin guy , 30 's , with pale skin and long black hair kneel at a make- shift shrine . this be the shaman . in front of he be a altar decorate with crystal and laminate card of St. Francis , Gandhi , merlin , King tut . josh lean over to Cornelia : josh how do King tut become magical all of a sudden ? Jamie , in a white puma track -suit , lean forward over a couple of people on josh 's other side . jamie it 's because they discover he tomb in the occult boom of the 20' . '' shhh ! '' from the group . the shaman pop open what look like a Coke bottle and pour a brown sludgy liquid into a shot glass . he say a benediction . people , in succession , crawl over to he , he do a bless of sort on they forehead and hand they the glass . they drink and return to they original spot . we watch as Jamie , darby , Cornelia and josh drink the dark sludge . Jamie drink without think . darby do the quote thing in the air before she drink . darby this be we twenty ! cornelia I be forty -one . Cornelia sip it . she look up at the shaman who smile encouragingly . she downs it and hand it back to he proudly . josh hesitates , look back at the group . he shrug and downs it , a significant portion miss he mouth . he quickly wipe at he chin and try to get the spillage back into he mouth . he lick he finger and palm and the side of the glass then hand the glass back to the shaman , who look mildly irritate . they be back in they circle . the woman next to josh whisper : 48 . woman supposedly everyone see egyptian imagery . josh oh yeah ? woman I want to clear some father issue . you ? josh oh , I do not know . woman it 's good to have a focus . josh ( think about it ) fear of death ? you know , linear time not be such a big deal . the light be lower . the shaman 's assistant clear the air with a eagle feather . josh ( whisper ) what 's the bucket for ? woman puke . people '' shhh '' josh . the shaman go around the room and make a cross on everyone 's forehead . josh close he eye . the following be in choppy , almost impressionistic image : people start to trip . darby get up and join a couple who be dance . shaman we be purging dark energy , past pain . he play some bongo and shake a shaker . darby ( under she breath ) this shaman be kind of a d-bag . the woman next to josh grab a bucket and puke . josh that 's my bucket . 49 . woman I be puke out you shit ! josh crawl next to Cornelia . josh I feel it ! oh my God , I see a fuck pyramid . and a sphinx . it 's true , you see egyptian shit . honey , what be you see ? cornelia I be in a deli in bensonhurst . josh the serpent , apep be speak to I . he 's say , go to the cattle of ra. the celestial cow be wait . cornelia I be purchase a bag of Sun chip . CUT to : Jamie stand with the shaman . jamie I do not believe in any state support art . I think you need to just do it yourself . he vomit . jamie ( gargle vomit ) I vote for romney . everyone vomit . we see this in succession . shaman watch the carpet ! CUT to : josh open he eye . the room be a blur -- white figure drift past . josh get up . Cornelia talk with the shaman in a corner . josh wave she over madly . she excuse herself . josh maybe do not flirt with the shaman . cornelia he be tell I about he boat . Cornelia grow quiet . her eye be glaze . 50 . josh what ? cornelia I wish you have look at I the way you look at Jamie and darby . josh I look at you that way ... cornelia no , you do not . you use to . when we first meet you be like you be with they , you woo I with romantic email ... josh there 's no point in we email now ... we be in the same room all of the time . cornelia ( hesitates ) I do not want to take away you enthusiasm for Jamie and darby , I be glad you like they so much ... I just wish I could feel that energy from you once in a while . CUT to : darby lean she head against the wall . she talk to the man next to she . darby I be fall asleep today on the L train and you know how you brain get in this loop ? I could not remember the shape of a pineapple : '' be they like pear ? '' no , they be like football with the end cut off . it 's hard to call to mind the shape of thing . do you find that ? she vomit . CUT to : int . victorian house - dark room . night 31 Cornelia wander into a dark room . she see josh come toward she . cornelia josh , I be sorry . 32 51 . she embrace he . he hold she . they rock side to side . Cornelia kiss josh on the mouth , long and passionate . she hesitates . cornelia you taste different . Cornelia pull back . cornelia josh ? jamie it 's I . cornelia Jamie , shit . I think you be josh . I be so fuck up . I be sorry . she put she head on he shoulder . cornelia ugh , how embarrassing . jamie it 's okay , worm . she look up at he and they kiss again . she stop . cornelia let 's never do that again . she walk away . CUT to : int . victorian house - hallway . night 32 josh drift down a hallway . his eye blind by drift geometric shape and figure . josh it stop work . Cornelia , mine stop work anymore ! but Cornelia be not there . he slip and rights himself with the wall . josh nothing be happen . he trip and hit the floor with a thud . Jamie be pick josh up -- Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) jamie how you do , yosh ? josh be yours work ? mine be not work . jamie mine 's work . josh what if I do not find anything out ? 52 . he look at Jamie , tear roll down he face . he now see that Jamie be filming he . jamie just roll with it . you be go to be fine , see . josh thanks , Jamie . you be so kind . and so generous . I be so proud and selfish . I want to be generous like you . I want to help you with you film . I '11 come with you to film the guy . I do not want credit or anything , just to help out . jamie thanks joshy , that 's beautiful . josh before we meet , the only two feeling I have leave be ... wistful and disdainful . and be around you ... I see what 's possible again . be that corny ? jamie it 's goddamn corny , joshy . josh yeah , I guess it be . I be a cornball . ( pause ) I have feel like a failure for year . I wish Cornelia and I have have kid . jamie it 's not too late , be it ? josh vomit . Jamie hold he head while he retch . 33 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 53 . josh thanks . jamie no problem , jussle . Jamie vomit . ext . victorian house - front porch . morning 33 Cornelia sit on the stair . she look exhaust . people on the street be start they day , take kid out , move car . josh sit josh ( 0.s. ) it 's still tonight for we , but it 's tomorrow for everyone else . beside she . he look tired , pale , worse for wear . josh let 's have kid ! or a kid . something . cornelia do the celestial cow tell you this ? josh ( pause ) yeah , but that do not make it any less true . Cornelia pick at the dry skin on she lip . josh ( be : the house and pedestrian ) all this people have baby -- what 's the big deal ? cornelia I think we would decide ... I do not want this to be every time you take a hallucinogen you want to have a baby . josh not every time . cornelia we miss we chance . I miss my chance . I be fine with that . 34 35 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 54 . josh ( pause ) the serpent suggest we could adopt . cornelia he do not tell I that . josh you do not want to ? she slowly shake she head . pause . josh notice something . josh be that the shaman 's vespa ? int . fletcher / marina 's build - elevator . eve 34 josh and Cornelia , dress casually . she hold a couple of take - out bag . another couple , dress up , stand next to they hold a bag with a ribbon . cornelia he 's be coope up at home with a baby , and she love this soup dumpling . this will be a great surprise . josh I have not speak to fletcher for a while . I think he 's exhaust . cornelia ( laugh ) we will probably be waking they up ! the door open . both couple exit . int . fletcher / marina build - doorway / live room . eve 35 josh and Cornelia approach the apartment . josh start to clock the other couple walk right next to they . they all reach a apartment door . voice and music from inside . Cornelia frown . josh ring . he look at the other couple who smile . marina open the door in a party dress , beam and hold a white wine . Party guest mingle behind she . marina ( horrify ) Cornelia ... josh. ( welcoming ) gaby , Mike ! * pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 55 . cornelia hi. couple you look amazing ! the other couple enter the party . fletcher appear in the background loudly banter with another guy . fletcher -+- I know ! I feel like I be in one of that sci-fi movie where everyone be rank by intellect -- his face drop when he see josh and Cornelia . fletcher oh ... fuck shit ... he and marina come out into the hallway , the door ajar behind * they . cornelia do we ... I guess you be have a thing . marina * uh...yeah . we ... God , this be embarrassing . cornelia be it a baby thing or ...? marina * no , actually ... Willow 's at my mother 's . cornelia oh ... josh we be not invite . fletcher well ... we do not think ... marina * oh , God , I do not know what to say ... another couple appear behind josh and Cornelia . couple # 2 hey , girly girl . you look fiiiine ! pink ( 09/30/2013 ) they kiss and hand marina a wrap gift . woman hey Cornelia , how be you ? cornelia Fine , Grace , you ? woman great . marina ( to the other couple ) come inside , there 's a full bar -- the other couple enter the apartment . cornelia what be go on ? marina I be sorry ... we do not think you would want to come or ... josh why ? marina well , for one thing this be people we own age . cornelia oh , come on ! fletcher and maybe you have a titseeka ceremony or something . josh ayawasca ! it be therapeutic . I learn some shit . I think Cornelia do too . cornelia ( awkwardly ) I do too . learn some shit . fletcher you guy be wack out on peruvian mescallen , of course you be go to learn some shit . I go under during a colonoscopy last week and I learn some shit . 56 . pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 57 . josh do not patronize we , man . fletcher listen , we do not know how else to say this , but ... we be worried about you guy . marina * yeah , you know ... I mean , it 's cool you do not want to have kid -- cornelia do not make this about the baby cult , marina . okay ? I do not appreciate * that kind of superior attitude . it 's really ugly . marina * that 's not what I be say ! I can not help it if I want you to have kid . fletcher we think you guy would really benefit from it . that 's all . cornelia ( suddenly emotional ) but you do not realize how inappropriate it be to say it like you say it . not everyone want a baby ! not everyone can have one all the time ! couple ( 0.s. ) hi sexy lady ! yet another couple , elise and she husband , arrive , kiss marina and fletcher . * marina * ( smile hostess ) elise ! come in ! come in ! they enter . marina bring she voice down : * marina * since we have have the baby , I feel you pull away , Cornelia . I just do . cornelia fletcher I go to a fuck baby ( to josh ) music class with you ! do you what 's with the hat ? know how humiliate that be ? 36 37 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 58 . josh what ? fletcher marina you look like asshole we why be it humiliate ? this go to highschool with who be my life now ! would cruise by the prom but not go in . marina ( get emotional ) it can be very isolate and lonely when you have a kid . cornelia ( be : the crowd inside ) yeah , I can tell . fletcher we be old man , josh . josh fletcher speak for yourself . you be a old man with a hat . cornelia ( sadly ) let 's go , josh . fletcher stay , you be here ... come in . josh ( emphatic ) there be no way we be come in . CUT to : int . fletcher / marina apt . - live room . eve 36 Inside the apartment . josh and Cornelia sit alone by the window . people be laugh , talk loudly . Cornelia downs she wine in one . josh look furious . jamie ( v.o. ) ( sing ) '' you be play nintendo . '' int . jamie 's car . day 37 Jamie drive , josh next to he . Cornelia , darby and tipper , who wear a T-shirt that read : some crappy Band , be squeeze in the back . Jamie sing and tipper respond : 59 . tipper ( sing ) '' that 's not what I be do , that 's not what I be do . '' jamie tipper '' you be surfing the web . '' '' that 's not what I be do , that 's not what I be do . '' jamie tipper '' you be cry you eye '' that 's not what I be do , out . '' that 's not what I be do . '' tipper ( she beat the back of josh 's seat three time ) '' I be make a sandwich ! '' both of they , flush and beam look around the car . josh Nice . cornelia ( try to be positive ) fun. darby grumble . she turn to Cornelia . darby Connecticut have the best thrift . he will drop we off before they do they filming . jamie tipper and I start a band call Cookie o’puss . have you see that on YouTube ? josh ( a bit annoyed ) that be a commercial when I be a kid . jamie it 's fuck hilarious . josh ( try to own it ) I know , we use to always do he voice . tipper '' my name be Cookie o’puss ! '' 38 39 60 . josh ( try to do it first ) '' my name be Cookie o’puss . '' jamie josh '' my name be Cookie o’puss . '' right . jamie it 's the name of we band . ext . poughkeepsie STREET . day 38 josh film Jamie as he get out of the car . tipper film the house . jamie he be this kind of amazing combination of jock and brain and he could sing , he be in the acapella group call the night Owls . I mean kind of the perfect guy . ext . clapboard house . day 39 the three of they wait at the door . tipper film . Jamie knock . a skinny woman in she 30' appear . jamie hey , I call , my name 's Jamie , I 'ma friend of Kent 's . sister Kent be not here . jamie oh ... well , will he be back soon ? she shake she head . she look over at tipper who 's filming . sister what 's -- jamie we go to school together . it 's be a while , but he contact I recently on Facebook . it would mean a lot to I if I could see he . the sister hesitates . she 's debate something in she head . 40 4l 61 . int . hospital hallway . day 40 Jamie , josh and tipper be lead by a orderly down a long sterile hallway . they reach a set of automatic door . a loud buzz . they go through the door to another set of door . another loud buzz . they open . int . hospital room 41 Kent , 20' , pale and thin , lie in bed watch a cooking show . he 's eat ice cream out of a container . Jamie , tipper and josh enter . he look up as they approach , place the ice cream on the bed-side table . CUT to : josh shoot Jamie . tipper shoot Kent . Kent sit up in bed , he talk somberly . Jamie sit at he bed-side . kent a ceramic platter do not break and accidentally cut both my wrist . jamie no ? kent no . I have be unhappy . I do it to myself . I cut my wrist . jamie you break a ceramic platter and use the shard to cut you wrist ? josh start to say something , he know where Kent 's go with this , but he hold himself back . kent no , there be no ceramic platter . I mean , there be , I have one in mind when I be tell the story . jamie but the shard be from the platter ? josh ( can not help himself ) what Kent be say be he imagine a actual platter to make he story feel more authentic , but really he just cut he wrist with what , probably a razor blade ? Kent and Jamie look over at josh . Kent look annoyed . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 62. kent ( to Jamie ) who be he ? CUT to : Jamie lean in . Kent seem emotional . jamie you be the guy , you know . you be beautiful . I mean you date Jenny pepperdine ! Kent flash a weary smile . jamie you know I buy a necklace like the one you use to wear -- kent my puka shell ? jamie yeah . you know , I be go through a tough time in highschool , my mom be really sick with ovarian cancer , I be pretty promiscuous , but I could not love anyone , I have body issue -- we slowly zoom in on Jamie as he talk . josh 's close eye open . while keep the camera train on Jamie , he inspect it , bewilder . he 's not press anything . he see -- Jamie hold a small remote in he hand . he 's zoom in on himself . jamie you have write a poem for English , you be this athlete and you write this beautiful poem . do you know what poem I be talk about ? kent I write a lot of poem . jamie it be a line , very simple , but effective , '' I want to be unbridgeable . '' that one line get I through my mother 's illness . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 63 . kent yeah ? I do not know why I stop write poetry . I stop do a lot of thing . why do we stop do thing ? I guess life happen . jamie life be other plan . kent yeah . josh ( from behind the camera ) life be what happen when you be make other plan . Jamie and Kent both startle and turn to the camera . kent ( again annoyed ) who be he ? darby ( v.o. ) I keep try to get people to agree with I on this : I hate tipper . 42 int . old barn 42 antique and vintage clothing . darby help Cornelia lace up a corset . darby she end every word she can with '' ish . '' I think she be make fun of this way of talk until it be clear that she be not . cornelia she try too hard . darby exactly ! but it 's low - key so you do not notice it . I should not shit - talk tipper . I have so many thing . cornelia you and Jamie be highschool sweetheart ? darby no , Jamie be only in Santa Cruz for a semester . ( more ) Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 63a . darby ( cont 'd ) his dad work for a medical supply company that be contract by the army and they be never in one place very long . Jamie can be at home anywhere . cornelia josh be only at home at home . 43 64 . the corset be lace . Cornelia turn and look at herself in the mirror . she 's horrify . int . diner , hudson , NY . day 43 the four of they and tipper in a booth . Jamie and tipper have just finish tell darby and Cornelia about the day . josh be look at something on he phone . tipper he be soulful -ish , you know . jamie sister , that 's a understatement . you can tell he 's be to some dark place . darby ( petulant ) we go to some dark place too . I buy a dress . Cornelia do not buy a corset . jamie ( eat ) mm , this burger be in - cred-ible . josh ( be : he phone ) Holy shit . cornelia what 's wrong ? josh no ...nothing ... I just google Kent ... ( look up to Jamie ) do you Google he ? jamie no , I want it to be fresh . josh this ... it 's there 's a picture , it 's the same guy . he be in Afghanistan . jamie ( surprised ) really ? josh yeah ...he ... this article say he be part of a massacre in wanat . ( more ) 65 . josh ( cont 'd ) they open fire on a bus full of civilian ... he then speak out publicly about it and then he refuse to fight . he be jaile briefly then he return to battle , be injure and give the purple heart . jamie you be kid ? josh hand Jamie he phone . Jamie beam . jamie it say two man in he unit have kill themselves . tipper -- tipper get out the camera and turn it on josh . josh look into the lens strangely . jamie do it again , what you do . josh which part ? jamie the phone , the discovery , everything . josh oh ... josh awkwardly look at he phone then back up . the four of they be wait . josh ( stilted ) it 's the same guy ... be that what I say ? how do I say it ? Jamie yawn , impatiently . josh try again : josh ( act now ) it 's the same guy ! Holy shit . Jamie , take a look at this . tipper swing the camera at Jamie . he grab josh 's phone and react almost identically . jamie it say two man in he unit have kill themselves . 66 . josh ( excited , get the hang of it ) we have to go back ! jamie yeah ? josh we have to get he talk about this . this be the movie ! now it 's not just some stupid Facebook thing . Jamie look at josh oddly . josh backtrack : josh not that that be not a good idea too . but , and I hate this expression , but you step in shit ! ( suddenly ) Cornelia ! cornelia ( catch off guard ) what ?! josh kiss she . josh I do not know ! Jamie dig into he food . jamie thank God I have get you , joshy ! we do what you say : we do not know the answer , we discover it . I should get a good book on Afghanistan . and war in general . I really know so little about it . josh ( decide to go for it ) you know who you should talk to . ira mandelstam , the guy in my film he could tell you a lot about war and the politics of war . jamie that 's you guy , though , joshy . I can not take you guy . 44 45 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 67 . josh I do not care . I want to share he with you . ( to the table ) look mar , I be share ! jamie jeez Louise , that would be fuck beautiful . cornelia ( suddenly , catch up in the whole thing ) you know , if you want help ... I could help or ... produce this for you ... josh look at Cornelia , surprised . he smile . cornelia my dad 's between thing now ... jamie oh , my God . be you kid , I would be so pump . thank you , thank you . josh keep smile . he want very badly for this to feel good . int . scholar 's apartment 44 ira , the scholar , be talk about the power structure of the United States . Jamie shoot he . tipper hold a boom . she wear a T-shirt that read in generic lettering : a College I do not go to. Cornelia stand close by . josh sit ina chair in the back , listen through headphone . his eye drift away from the scholar and turn inward . he look almost afraid . int . scholar 's bedroom 45 a mess of book and clothes and dog and dog bed . josh pull Cornelia inside and shut the door . cornelia what ? josh ( hushed ) can I say something I be ashamed of ? cornelia yeah . josh it 's not generous . and I probably do not really mean it . cornelia okay . go. josh and I think Jamie 's great so -- cornelia say it ! josh ( snap ) I can not fuck believe he idiotic Facebook idea pay off ! it 's so fuck stupid ! and my thing be a mess . a total fuck mess . ( pause ) sorry , I feel bad say that . but I also hate the fact he 's call he band Cookie o’puss . cornelia what 's wrong with that ? josh it 's just some funny old kitschy thing to he he see on YouTube . but that be my commercial . I actually experience it . you know ? cornelia I do not know from Cookie puss . josh really ? it be for carvel . Cookie puss be the original one but they do a ice cream cake for Saint Patrick 's Day and it be this float green irish cake that say , '' my name be Cookie o’puss . '' Cornelia be silent . josh ( exhales ) I be be ridiculous . I probably do not mean any of it . cornelia my dad like to say , '' the more , the more . '' 68 . 46 josh that 's because you dad have everything . and then he get more . ( off she look ) no , he 's right . there 's enough to go around for everyone . jamie yo , yosh ! you get a pitch you get to attend ! she kiss he . cornelia good luck . ext . financial district . day Jamie walk with josh through stop traffic toward the Goldman sach building . jamie remember , ask he question . you be interview he . he have be goddamn lucky to invest in you film . josh okay . jamie and talk about shit he understand , see . short and to the point . a bike messenger swerve by they on the sidewalk . jamie ( suddenly furious ) ride on the street , man ! ( and then back to josh not miss a beat ) psych he up . talk about money . talk about war . power . Race . make it relevant to he . josh right . jamie be yourself , everyone else be take . Jamie straighten josh 's jacket collar . 47 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 70 . jamie ira be beautiful today . I be gonna have a screen of the cut footage at the apartment on Friday . josh you cut it already ? we just shot it two day ago . jamie I know . I be up all night . ( patting josh on the back ) we will be okay , joshy . do not you fret . josh maybe take a day or two to make sure you like it . jamie or I can take ten year . josh hesitates , take aback . Jamie laugh . jamie I be fuck with you , joshy . you thing be go to be totally brilliant . they reach the doorway of the office building . Jamie take the big headphone from around he neck and put they on josh . Jamie press play . '' Eye of the Tiger '' by survivor . josh I remember when this song be just consider bad ! but it 's work . jamie remember , he 's lucky to have this opportunity . you be friggin’ josh srebnick . josh my name sound so much better when you say it . int . office , hedge fund . day 47 josh shake hand with a bulky fratty look hedge fund guy , 30 's , in a suit . this be Dave . josh sit on a couch , Dave in a armchair . Dave drink from a highball glass . 71 . hedge fund dave you see mad Men ? josh no . hedge fund dave ( wave it off ) it 's really apple juice . Nah , it 's whiskey . Nah , it 's not . it be . he drink . hedge fund dave so , tell I more about you project . josh well , maybe a good way to start be by ask you a question . hedge fund dave hey , they be all rape when I get there . josh stare at he blankly . hedge fund dave ( be : highball ) this be my second in twenty minute . shoot . josh do you know the percentage of African american adult male currently in jail ? hedge fund dave I do not . josh take a guess . hedge fund dave ( play along but not really think ) like 60 % ? josh Jesus , no ! ( pause ) it 's over 9 % . that 's nearly 1 in 10 African american adult male , nearly a million and half . 72 . hedge fund dave a million and a half be a lot . josh it 's insane , but people do not realize this . they think because we have a black president ... hedge fund dave ( as if he 's help josh out ) so this be about prison . like a black shawshank . but real . a real , black shawshank . josh ( throw ) no , not ...no. ( pause and then speak quickly ) there 's a section , a entr'acte really , on the function of race in the prison industrial complex ... ( try to get back on track ) but the film be really about how power in America work ... do you know the historian , ira mandelstam ? hedge fund dave yeah . josh ( pleased ) really ? hedge fund dave no. josh well , we have over a hundred hour of interview with he . now -- hedge fund dave the movie 's a hundred hour ? josh no , we will cut it . now , this guy , he 's not particularly charismatic , he 's kind of anti-social , maybe asberger , but not interesting asberger . he 's kind of boring even . but he 's a charismatic thinker . 73 . hedge fund dave how do you show what he think ? cartoon ? josh ( what ? ! ) no , not cartoon . he say it . hedge fund dave but he 's boring . josh well ... yes , but like many boring thing , the longer you watch it , it take on a different dimension -- josh wipe the sweat that have now accumulate on he face . Dave 's glance go to he blackberry . he type something quickly . hedge fund dave mmm hmm . so , what 's it about ? josh it 's really a very simple idea . the three section correspond to the three node of what Mills call the power elite : the political , military and economic . but , and this be key , each part have to interconnect to show how none of this three node function without the other . Dave try to surreptitiously glance at he blackberry . josh it 's a linear film of course , but I imagine it as a kind of hypertext . to be clear , the film be really about the work class and , I can not speak on behalf of the work class . I can not make they film , of course . they have to be feel as the impossible subject of the text . through a examination of the power structure the voice of the work class have to be reveal in the margin through its very absence . if that make sense . the phone ring . both Dave and josh look at it . hedge fund dave hey , I be suddenly so popular . 48 49 74 . josh ( barrel on ) but it 's not even really about the power structure but about what it mean to make a film about it . it 's about the very possibility of make this film ... it 's really about America . Dave can not help it . he lunge for the phone . the sound of knocking . int . breitbart 's apartment - doorway . day 48 josh stand in the doorway , he wear he bike helmet and hold he hat . breitbart smile . breitbart I be just work on my speech for my memorial . what 's on you mind , son ? josh nervously unstrap he bike helmet and put on he hat . a awkward exchange as he have trouble hold both . he exhales . breitbart finally accommodate by take the helmet . josh would you watch what I have ? I think I be at a point where I need a new set of eye . breitbart ten year with the same project will do that to you . josh yeah . breitbart ( warmly ) of course I 'il watch it . come in , son . CUT to : int . breitbart 's apartment - live room / kitchen . day 49 they watch the scholar on breitbart 's new tv . josh can not look at the screen , he eye on be breitbart . CUT to : josh , still watch breitbart . the movie end . breitbart nod , shut off the tv with a remote . breitbart I just get this tv . it 's a smart tv. 75 . he get up and stretch , clearly very stiff from sit for so long . breitbart I 'il put a kettle on . you want some tea ? josh okay . breitbart go to he kitchen . josh wait , impatiently . breitbart ( 0.s. ) well , you have a lot of good material there . josh uh huh . breitbart ( 0.s. ) lot to think about . I need to process it . josh uh huh . breitbart reappear in the kitchen doorway . breitbart do you need the stuff about turkish politics ? josh yes , because it connect to what he 's say about the shift in power in the contemporary global economy . and , of course , it relate back to the earlier stuff on the ottoman Empire . breitbart right , but it feel like a detour . what about the lengthy history of the triangle shirtwaste Factory Fire ? do you need that ? josh the interview with tillie kupferschmidst 's great great niece ? that 's the emotional center of the movie . that 's where thing come together . without that scene ... why make the film at all ? 76 . breitbart but it 's too long . josh it have to be long . the point be it make you uncomfortable . breitbart ( gently ) I be not uncomfortable , I be bored . the kettle go off . breitbart go back into the kitchen . josh follow he in . josh well , maybe boredom be you defense from the discomfort . breitbart ( grow impatient ) you just show I a six and a half hour movie that run about seven hour too long . I be try to help . josh I understand , I understand . I think I need to shoot some more interview -- breitbart ( quickly ) do not shoot anymore ! you have enough . josh yeah ? I just do not think you be get it or maybe there 's something about I or what you see that 's clouding you judgement . breitbart I be tell you what I really feel . josh I do not believe it . I think you be be deliberately critical . breitbart josh , I be try to help you . josh bullshit ! be it because Cornelia and I do not have child ? breitbart oh , come on , josh . 77 . josh we try . there be miscarriage . I have to give she a shot in she ass every day for three month . it 's a huge fuck needle . breitbart I do not know you try so hard . she do not tell I . I think you guy do not want kid . josh we do not want to hope for something we probably could not have . ( collect he thing ) this be a mistake . breitbart I be sorry you feel that way . josh start for door . josh I know you think I do not reach my potential . breitbart no , son , no I do not think you do . ( beat ) you first film be so wonderful and entertaining . we recognize ourselves in it . this be ungenerous , it 's like you take you ball and go home . josh you know what ? I be sorry I do not become you . breitbart I do not want you to be I , josh . josh yeah , right . breitbart I ' 1l see you at Thanksgiving . josh I be not go to eat another fuck fry turkey fyi . breitbart then make you own . 50 51 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) josh slam the door . ext . west end avenue . day josh walk up to a sign-post . his chain - severe in half . his bike be go . josh fuck ! ext . housing project , basketball court . Jamie aggressively drive to the basket , a jump shot over a leaping defender . he teammate as they hurry back on defense . josh watch through a chain link fence . 78 . 50 link chain have be day 51 pull back and make fist bump he CUT to : Jamie , sweat , see josh through the fence . he jog over and they talk through the chain -link . jamie yosh ! how do you find I ? josh ( sheepishly ) there 's like eight different way to find out where you be on the internet . and also through people we both know . jamie ha ! you want to play ? josh Nah , I do not have the right shoe . ( pause ) hey , I be think ... you know how you ask ... maybe , if you be still up for it , I will co-direct with you ... Jamie hesitates . josh you know ... if that 's still cool ? jamie I be not sure , yoshy , I be ... at this point , I be kind of in it , you know ? josh ( he face turn red ) uh huh . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 78a . jamie I mean , I be kind of into do it all now ... I mean ... you know ? 52 79 . josh uh huh . jamie I better get back to the game . I x11 see you tonight , yeah ? josh ( quickly ) yeah . int . jamie and darby 's apartment , bushwick . day 52 josh enter -- he 's late . the space be pack -- mostly with a sea of 20 - something kid who lie on top of each other on the floor watch Jamie 's movie . tipper , dress up ina sort of Mary Jane outfit and horn -rimm glass , perch up on a table , watch very seriously , she arm wrap around she long bent leg . Jamie stand in back , he look nervous . darby a few foot away from he be texting . Cornelia wave from a crowded corner . josh smile wearily . Kent talk soberly on screen . kent ( on screen ) in the report it say we follow procedure . a flashlight , three flare , and the hand signal ... a quick jerky zoom into Kent , miss he face and then adjust to find he . he do the hand signal , punctuate they with : kent ( on screen ) .--- bum , bum , bum ... but that 's not how I remember it . it be sheer fuck panic when the bus approach the convoy . we open fire -- josh move closer , look for a place to sit or stand . he step over a couple lie on the floor . benny ow . that be my finger . josh sorry , sorry . josh stop in he track . over on the side , the Moon landing headline above he head , stand breitbart . to he right , the hedge fund dude , Dave . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 80 . a light sweat break out on josh 's face . darby be look straight at he . she give he a sad smile . josh look back at the screen . close : josh 's scholar , ira , talk about the politics of war . CUT to : the movie be over . the mostly 20 - something crowd laugh , drink beer . breitbart pick a oreo from a bowl of oreos on a table . josh push through the kid to find Jamie . jamie yoshy ! josh you invite breitbart ? jamie yeah , he call I after you introduce we . josh he call you ? jamie yeah ... and at we dinner I invite he to tonight . josh at '' we dinner ? '' dinner with he ? when do you have dinner ? jamie after he call I , he suggest we get dinner . josh uh huh. ( pause ) where would you go ? jamie this beautiful joint , um , on the Upper West side -- josh Jackson hole . jamie yeah ! how have you know ? josh that 's where he go . 81 . jamie great burger . have you be there ? josh yes , I have be there with hima million time . jamie have you get the buffalo burger ? josh of course ! jamie he dig the footage . ( pause ) be something wrong ? josh I guess I wish you would ask I before you just go to he ... jamie hey , I be sorry . I call he actually just to ask he a question about how he shot something and we just get to talk , see , and he ask I what I be work on ... josh so you call he ? jamie what ? josh you say he call you . jamie he call I back , yeah . josh do Cornelia know ? hedge fund dave ( 0.s. ) very cool ! very cool . the hedge fund guy , Dave , do a double fist bump with Jamie which they mime explode . hedge fund dave I be proud to be part of it . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 82 . jamie Dave , you know josh . hedge fund dave ( barely look at josh ) Nice to meet you . ( to Jamie ) seriously dude , this movie be kill - aaahhhh . ( do a little dance ) we be go to Afghanistan , we be go to Afghanistan ... josh ( take aback ) you be go to Afghanistan ? jamie to interview soldier in Kent 's unit . we have get a butt-load of work to do before we go . I be go to need help . hedge fund dave Afghanistan , Afghanistan ! josh start to retreat into the crowd . he hesitates . it pain he to say this , but : josh um , if you have any other editing work , my guy Tim , be great and could use some cash . jamie that would be beautiful . josh ( defeat ) I ' 1l text you he info . hedge fund dave ( to Jamie ) dude , I want you to meet Diane , she 's a reporter for the Times . Dave drag Jamie across the room . darby take Jamie 's arm as he pass , she ask he a question . he reply tersely back . she walk away , piss . Dave pull Jamie onward . we move in on josh . Color vanish from he face as a terrible sink feel enter he body . two hand wrap around he neck like choke . he react . 83. josh ahh ! it 's Cornelia . she smoke a cigarette . cornelia I have be look for you . josh you be smoking ? ( have : everything ) what 's go on ? this be like a fuck bad dream . everyone be here do weird shit . where 's my highschool algebra teacher , Mr. morelli riding a fuck turtle ? across the room , breitbart be approach by Dave and Jamie . cornelia ( be : she dad ) I have no idea dad be come . I see he when I get here . josh be you sure ? be you sure you be not just say that ? cornelia yes , josh ! why would I lie to you ? josh do you think Jamie come to my talk because he know I be marry to you ? that this be all so he could meet you dad ? cornelia josh , you know , the world be not a conspiracy against you . josh you know , fuck you . cornelia fuck you . do not talk to I like that . josh I be say '' fuck you '' in that way Jamie and darby say it where it 's not a real fuck you , it 's a semi-playful fuck you . 84 . cornelia we be not Jamie and darby . we do not talk to each other that way . if you say fuck you to I it feel like a real fuck you . josh it be real . cornelia fuck you . and not semi-playfully either ! josh fuck you . total real , cut to the core : fuck you . 53 ext . jamie and darby' build . night 53 josh come outside , furious . darby be make out with a latino guy who look like a gang member . josh darby ? darby let go of the guy and look at josh . darby hey , sir . josh be you okay ? darby shit 's bad . ( pause ) you want to get some goat ? 54 int . caribbean restaurant , bushwick . night 54 josh and darby eat at a table . darby crushes fade . thing lose they luster , you know ? maybe I be just down on relationship right now . josh what about Jamie ? darby Jamie 's in love with Jamie . 85 . josh I think you guy seem great . darby you know how no one will ever pick up just a male hitchhiker ? but if it 's a couple , you might pull over ? I be the girl so you will pull over and pick up Jamie . ( pause ) do ayawasca I realize I never forgive my mom for die and until I do I 'il never have a decent relationship with a guy . josh when do she die ? darby when I be in highschool . she have ovarian cancer . josh I be sorry ... ( realize ) be not that also how Jamie 's mom die ? he talk about it in the film . darby hesitates . darby why have you let Jamie use you scholar ? josh I be try out be generous . he would do the same for I . that 's how you guy be . darby ( with sympathy ) oh , josh ... you be such a man-fox . josh a man-fox ? I wish it do not need the '' man '' qualifier ? darby because you be like a hot dad . without child . suddenly , she pull she chair over to he , lean in , and kiss he on the mouth . he slowly move away . josh we should not ... she slide she chair back to she side of the table . hesitates , embarrassed . darby this be the part where I say , '' I be a bet ?! '' josh what ? darby you know that romantic comedy where the girl be a bet ? he nod . she nod too . darby yeah . just because they do , do not mean we have to . josh what ... what do you mean ? darby she never tell you ? Jamie and Cornelia make out at the ayawasca . it be in the papyrus reed behind the pyramid . josh look staggered . darby I be sorry , I steal one of tipper 's adderall . you want to go dance ? josh ( now get angry ) yeah , I be not go home tonight . 55 int . after hour gay club . late night 86 . she 55 darby dance with josh amidst muscular shirtless gay man . he throw himself into it , try to lose himself completely . jamie ( v.o. ) thanks for meeting I so early . 56 int . jackson hole restaurant . morning 56 Jamie sit across from Cornelia . she look tired and distract . 87 . jamie we have get a butt-load to do . Dave need a budget for Afghanistan . cornelia I be almost finish with it . jamie I have be read a lot about Afghanistan . it 's crazy . you know no one 's ever be able to successfully occupy Afghanistan . cornelia ( look at she phone to see if anyone call ) yeah ... I have hear that . jamie I think we get something now . with you help , it can really be something . ( pause ) Leslie 's note be awesome . cornelia he 's smart that way . jamie and he 's really chill to kick it with . she hesitates , she wipe a tear from she chin . cornelia I be sorry . josh and I have a fight last night and ... he do not come home . Cornelia start to cry . Jamie hand she a napkin . jamie hey , hey , it 's go to be okay . joshy will come back . cornelia ( wipe she face ) thank you . I be sorry I be like this . jamie hey , no worry . ( he eye avert she ) I be think , maybe you and you dad would want to work on my thing together . ( more ) Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 88 . jamie ( cont 'd ) he seem to want to get involved . it might be kind of great , right ? a moment , Cornelia study he . Jamie inspect he fork . jamie I mean , you be produce , but he could bless it essentially ... cornelia bless it ? like a sneeze ? jamie ( smile ) I be think more like the Pope . cornelia he do not do that kind of thing -- jamie I think if you ask he , he might . Cornelia hesitates . she say , suddenly : cornelia do you ever see power Elite ? Jamie get up and exchange he fork with one on another table . jamie what 's that ? the corner of Cornelia 's mouth turn up . jamie ( catch himself ) josh 's movie ! goddamn , yes . I tell he that . I love that scene with the dog . Jamie return with the new fork . cornelia when you go to josh 's class , you know josh and I be marry , do not you ? and that Leslie be my dad . jamie ( hesitates ) hey , I admire lot of people , I want lot of thing . you know what I mean . we all want stuff -- it do not mean we be douche bag . ( more ) 57 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 89 . jamie ( cont 'd ) you be a hip chick . you kiss I , you be marry to my friend , but I get it -- cornelia I think you be josh . jamie the first time . Cornelia stiffen . jamie you know , but out of context , if other people hear about it , it might be misconstrue . Cornelia look out the window . josh be across the street . ext . jackson hole restaurant . morning 57 Cornelia approach josh , he 's in the same clothes from last night . she 's furious . cornelia where be you last night ? josh I go dance with darby at a after hour gay club . ( angry and suspicious ) be this some kind of private meeting ? cornelia do you follow I here ? josh I follow he on twitter ! you can not lie like we use to lie anymore . everything be report . nothing be private . cornelia there 's nothing go on -- josh do not lie to I . you kiss he . I know all about it . cornelia I think he be you , joshy . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 89a . josh do not call I joshy ! you do not call I joshy . 90 . cornelia sorry . josh it 's all a pose ... it 's like he once see a sincere person and have be imitate he ever since ! and you be fall for it . cornelia ( shake she head ) I do not even like they ! you convinced I how awesome they be . josh they be entitle little brat . and do not you see , this be alla plan . he want to destroy I . Jamie appear across the street , he hold a small video camera . he wave at josh . josh go back inside ! josh take off he porkpie hat . josh you and you father can have he . you always want a more successful I , so go for it . cornelia what be wrong with you ? josh I do not know when we get marry that you also want to play kissy face with the twenty - five year old . I do not know you would not want to have kid . cornelia I do not know it either . I do not know you would never finish you movie . josh I will finish it ! I want to get it right . cornelia it 's obsession . it 's fear . I do not know . ( more ) 58 pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 91 . cornelia ( cont 'd ) it 's not really about make anything . at least Jamie make something ! josh do not compare what I do with he . cornelia why not ? when you feel a part of it , you love it . ( josh say nothing ) and you use you career as a excuse not to do anything . we do not make decision , we do not go on vacation , we do not have kid . josh I want a kid . cornelia you want it now that it 's impossible . josh it 's not impossible . cornelia no . it 's over . it 's do . I be not put myself through that anymore . ( indicate she body ) this be close . josh hesitates and then throw he hat into a garbage can . he start to walk away . he turn around , retrieve the hat from the garbage and walk away for real . int . fletcher / marina apt . - live room . night 58 josh blow into a air mattress . fletcher ( 0.s. ) marina 's at a work dinner . fletcher enter with a couple of old look sheet . Willow , the baby , sleep in a moby wrap around fletcher 's torso . fletcher they be both top-sheet but ... you know ... josh thanks . 92 . fletcher you might wake up when I come through here for Willow 's 2 am feed . and then 5 am . and then all the other time she wake up . josh that 's okay . fletcher pour they both whiskey . josh pick up a cardboard sleeve from a wilco CD off of a table . he smile . josh ( be : the baby ) how be she ? fletcher ( look down at she ) pretty good . cool baby . to be honest , though , it 's a little hard for I to relate to a infant . josh it seem kind of cool though . fletcher it 's like the pregnancy be its own thing . you get so use to it . after a while I just feel , we do this , we do not actually need the baby . josh ( nod ) I be sorry if I have appear crazy or ... I do not know ... fletcher I be sorry we do not invite you to the party . josh ( shrug ) I think I have be jealous of you guy have a kid ... fletcher you know , before you have a kid , everyone tell you , '' it 's the best thing you will ever do . '' as soon as you bring that baby back from the hospital , the same people say , '' do not worry , it get better . '' it 's like , what the fuck be that all about before ? 59 josh have Willow must have change you whole perspective on life . fletcher ( pause ) not as much as I hope it would . ( lowering he voice ) I love my kid but I be still the most important person in my life . fletcher wince as he sit in a chair . fletcher do I tell you I have a herniate disk , c5 or some shit ... I be get a epidurol on Monday . josh ( laugh ) I have arthritis in my knee . fletcher what the fuck be happen to we ? int . tim' apartment build - hallway , brooklyn . day josh wait outside a apartment door . a shirtless eight year old boy open the door . josh nod at he . Tim open the door further . josh hey , man , I be sorry about ... not pay you . tim yeah ... josh I mean , I hope the money would come in ... it do not . I kind of fudge that . tim I just can not work for nothing , you know ? the kid shake josh 's hand . tim but thanks for hook I up with Jamie , I have be freelance a bit for he . 60 94 . josh if you be not too busy there , I want to hire you back for a couple of week . I can pay you . tim do the grant money come in ? josh no , I sell all my CD 's . and some other thing . int . josh / cornelia apt . - home office . day 60 Tim and josh sit in front of the screen . josh Leslie suggest we cut the bit on turkish politics , I tell he it be crucial because of -- tim ( immediately ) I think it 's a good idea . josh yeah ? tim yeah . we get to cut something . josh ( relent ) okay , let 's try it . Tim put up a image on the screen . it 's Kent . tim oh , this be Jamie 's footage . stuff I be work on ... let I ... he move to take it down . josh wait -- tim what ? josh hold on that image of Kent . tim okay . 95 . Tim freeze it . josh ( dramatically ) blow it up . tim I can not do that on this machine . josh really ? tim no . josh lean in . he squint . his Pov : close on the home - make ice cream container in Kent 's hand . the hipster cow . josh that 's darby 's ice cream . tim it look like mint of some kind . josh ( distract ) it 's avocado . Tim unfreeze the image . we zoom in on Jamie . jamie ( on screen ) ... my mom be really sick with ovarian cancer , I be pretty promiscuous , but I could not love anyone , I have body issue -- josh darby be there before we be . do not you see , she bring Kent the ice cream . tim ( confuse ) I know Jamie 's you friend , but to be honest , he 's kind of a prick . on screen , Jamie 's open , earnest expression , he eye watery and full of emotion . 61 int . rental car . day 61 close on josh . his face be intense , he arm grip the wheel . 62 63 64 96 . josh ( absent-mindedly sing ) '' you be play nintendo . that 's not what I be do , that 's not what I be fuck - ing do -- he bang the wheel three time . josh I be fuck expose you shit , mother fuck - ahhhhh -- '' ext . kent 's house , poughkeepsie . day 62 josh ring the bell . the sister appear behind the glass . she wear a party hat . josh hey . be Kent here ? int . kent 's house / ext . backyard . day 63 josh be lead by Kent 's sister through the house . we hear scream in the backyard . josh be everything okay ? sister my son turn seven today . josh oh , happy birthday . they walk through the small space , step over toy and discard plate of food and reach a cramped , uncultivate backyard . Kent , in a top coat and tail be pull a endless streamer out of he mouth . the kid scream with delight . int . breitbart 's apartment . same 64 close : Cornelia stare intently into she father 's eye . they be inch apart . breitbart you be so intense . cornelia I be focus . we see now : Cornelia tie she dad 's bow -tie . she 's very concentrate on the action . 97 . cornelia ( finish ) there . breitbart thank you . he look at himself in the mirror and approve . breitbart it 's be very strange look back over my career . how do I accomplish all of that ? if I be honest with myself : it sometimes take be a selfish prick . of course , you can not say that . in my speech I attribute it to talent , work and luck . it 's something I do not think you husband realize . he still believe the speech . cornelia when I first start dating he , he remind I so much of you . breitbart his problem be he want what I have but he 's not merciless enough to get it . cornelia ( simply and sadly ) you know I be disappointed in josh . on some level I feel like he fail . but I do not know if I actually feel that because I feel that or I feel it because he do . either way it 's a terrible thing to think about you husband . breitbart you know , josh tell I ... I do not know you miscarry . cornelia a few time . the magic of youth be that every decision be the right one and you do not have to make any of they . the terror of adulthood be there be limited option and you have to pick . 65 98 . breitbart there 's no magic in be old . some asshole try to offer I a seat on the subway yesterday . she smile . she take she phone from she pocket and check it . no call . breitbart you young people be always check you device . cornelia ( embarrassed ) I be sorry ... it 's habit . ext . kent 's backyard . day 65 the kid smash a pinata with a baseball bat . josh eat birthday cake off of a Space theme plate . Kent , still in he magician clothes , do trick for kid as they come by . kent I learn magic from a dude , elvin , over in Afghanistan . he be shred by a land mine . josh that 's terrible . kent I be more old fashioned in my approach . I do not lock myself ina box or anything , it 's mostly card and ball . I learn from YouTube video . it keep I from go out of my head . josh yeah ... we need distraction . for I it 's the internet . I be try to go on less , you know . you know , it 's like how many time can I check the Huffington Post ? Kent do a card trick for some kid . kid it 's in you other hand ! Kent open he hand , the card be go . 99 . kid how do you fuck do that ? sister Louis ! kid josh sorry . what make you contact Jamie on Facebook ? Kent look at josh strangely . josh shovel a piece of cake into he mouth . kent what do you mean ? josh ( clear he throat ) what make you reach out to he ? kent I do not . he contact I . Kent indicate to josh that he have icing on he face . josh wipe at it . kent other side . I have no idea who he be . josh really ? kent he say he live with darby and that we would go to school in Santa Cruz together for a short time in the 90' . a kid hit josh in the leg with the bat . josh ow ! fuck ! kent Louis , do not be a prick ! kid sorry . kent ( to josh ) and you , language . 100 . josh sorry . ( beat ) but you remember darby ... kent darby 's be a good friend for year . we would skype sometimes when I be in Kandahar . the reception be really shitty though . it would freeze up all the time . josh do she know about ... that you be in the hospital ? Kent hesitates . kent who be you again ? josh I be Jamie 's cameraman . kent and why be you ask this stuff ? josh fact check the movie ? kent uh huh . yeah , darby know . darby be the first person I call . she come to visit a few time before you guy arrive . some kid knock Kent 's top hat off and run with it across the garden . Kent ! kent bring that back , you fucker ! sister kent sorry . josh what do you think when Jamie talk about darby 's childhood as if it be he own ? kent he say he be play a part . 66 101 . josh he say that when ? kent he call I a week or so before you guy come up and film I . josh reach into he pocket and take out a small portable video camera . he turn it on and shoot Kent . josh can you say that again ? int . breitbart 's apartment . day 66 Cornelia , on she phone , have step away from she dad who practice he speech in the background . she get josh 's voice-mail . cornelia josh ... it 's I ...again ... I just ... I be so sorry ... I hope you come to my dad 's thing , he have like it and I would like it and ... I be so sorry for all the thing we say and I say and ... I have not say and ... I have say but have not say to you . this sound cryptic , and maybe insane , but it 's not . I just , can you call I back ? can you come , please ? ( beat ) where be you , josh ? the doorbell ring . she brighten . cornelia wait ! maybe this be you ! she hang up and hurry to the door . cornelia I get it ! she open the door : a hand extend from behind the wall , clutching a dozen rose . she be touch : cornelia josh , I ... Jamie step into the door-frame . jamie Jamie , actually . do not worry , it 's not weird . this be for you dad . 67 68 102 . Cornelia 's expression drop . breitbart ( 0.s. ) there he be ! ext . jamie and darby' apartment , bushwick . late day 67 josh lean on the buzzer . int . jamie and darby' apartment . late day 68 darby open the door . a duffle bag and suitcase , computer and cat carrier with mew cat be at she foot . josh enter . he 's sweaty and dirty and angry and out of breath from the trip . josh I have get to talk to Jamie ! darby he 's not here . josh be you go somewhere ? darby ( embarrassed ) Tampa . if I stay here any longer I ' 1l girl interrupt . josh I be just with Kent . darby ( with real feel ) oh ... Kent ... I love Kent ... josh I see you ice cream in Jamie 's video . darby nod . she smile sadly . darby well play , sir . josh he let I think I be the one who find out about Kent in Afghanistan . why ? darby Jamie do not want to disappoint you . none of we want to disappoint you . ( more ) 103 . darby ( cont 'd ) you be such a purist . Jamie would never have make the movie without Afghanistan . when I tell he about Kent and the massacre he think it would make a good movie . he just have to figure out how to tell it . josh but why not tell it honestly ? darby it 's more entertaining this way . ( beat ) and now it have a before and after which , as you know , Americans love . josh of course he have body issue , they be yours . ( off she look ) I do not mean , of course you have body issue , but ... ( pause ) people have to know . he can not get away with this . darby Jamie do whatever he want . josh this go against everything he say he admire in I . the whole principle of make a doc . darby , you do not understand . this be fraud . it 's a big deal . people be jaile for this kind of thing . darby I do not like to meddle with people . if they be go to change , they 's 1l change . josh where be he ? darby he 's at you father - in - law 's tribute . josh ( realize ) oh , shit ! that 's now ! and I return the rental car . ( have : he appearance ) I be a mess . 69 70 71 72 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 104 . darby I can give you a jacket . and you can take Jamie 's roller blade . josh thanks . darby ( she go to retrieve the item ) you know , I and Jamie always wonder how be we go to get old and the answer be : just like everyone else . ext . bushwick street . late day 69 josh , in a thrift store jacket over a hoody , jeans and sneaker attempt to roller blade , try to get some momentum , but he can not really skate . a woman , 50 's , on a citi bike whizze by he . a little kid on a scooter roll past . ext . lincoln CENTER . same 70 breitbart and Cornelia enter the building among suite patron . photographer shoot breitbart who wear a suit with a scarf . Jamie hang back . he 's more dapper than we have see he in a suit and wide colorful tie . photographer can we get one with you and you daughter ! breitbart take Cornelia 's hand . cameras click . then Jamie step into the shot . more camera click . a photographer lean in to Jamie , hold a pad and pen . photographer what 's you name ? jamie me? Jamie massey . omitted 71 int . lincoln CENTER . late day 72 tables be set up for a big dinner . breitbart and Cornelia take they seat . Dave lean over from a adjacent table and shake breitbart 's hand . Jamie plop down next to Cornelia . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 104a . jamie jeez Louise . I have never be to a rat fuck like this . do you see Lou reed ? e73 ext . bushwick street . late day e73 we see josh appear on the horizon , blading toward we . he 's get the hang of it now . we come in close on he intense , determine face . he can do this ! d73 int / ext . jefferson avenue subway station step d73 josh , jerkily descend sideways , clutching the railing . c73 int . jefferson avenue subway station turnstile c73 josh roll through , swiping as the pass . b73 int . subway car b73 josh stand in he blade hold onto the bar . a73 ext . street outside lincoln CENTER . night a73 josh stand in he blade push the walk button . Cars whizz in front of he . 73 74 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 105 . ext . lincoln CENTER . night 73 josh blade across the plaza . int . dine hall . night 74 josh enter from the back , dishevel and on he blade . he roll to a railing that look over the reception . the light have dimme and on a screen : a black and white clip from the 60' of a little boy get a bath . josh scan the table and find breitbart 's group . the clip end to applause . Jamie lean over and say something to Cornelia . she nod . her gaze go in josh 's direction . josh roll backward and step behind the bar . older patron can I get a shirley Temple ? josh nod and start to pour she drink . the bartender stare at he . bartender what be you do , dude ? Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 106 . josh can I stand here for a second ? bartender no . josh grab a bottle of whiskey and roll behind a plant . he remove he blade and stashes they in the planter . Jamie get up from the table and walk toward the rest-room . josh slug from he whiskey bottle , and follow along the back of the hall . int . lobby 75 a wide carpete room with high ceiling . a view of the park . Jamie look out the window . josh appear behind he . Jamie turn around , startle . jamie yoshy ! ( beat ) you okay ? be that my jacket ? be that my blade ? josh ( sarcastic ) be they ? who know , maybe they be darby 's . darby 's , yours , mine . Cookie o’puss . jamie ( unfaze by josh 's dig ) where have you be ? everyone 's ask about you . josh ( slug from the bottle ) I be in poughkeepsie . jamie okay . Jamie watch josh for a beat . josh it seem like you make a whole lot of stuff up . applause from the other room . jamie I do not want to miss he speech CUT to : 107 . 76 int . dine hall . night breitbart take the stage . breitbart I have be think of tonight as my memorial for so long I have completely forget I have to actually be alive for it . ( laughter ) I be hope I could just sleep through it ... CUT to : 77 int . lobby . night josh and Jamie . josh you know , it 's you responsibility to be honest . people be go to believe it . jamie I do not do anything nobody else do -- josh ( try to make sense of that sentence ) '' I do not do anything nobody else ... '' you reveal everything and nothing . ( beat , compose himself ) you say you want to be a real documentarian . jamie I do . josh I think you be about process . process and ... ice cream . but you really will do anything to be successful ... jamie success be not my thing , josh . it 's yours . josh be about respond , he hesitates . nods. 108 . josh yeah , you be right , it be my thing . I have a fuck up relationship with success . I want it and I do not have it . but what you have scare the shit out of I . you be not uncomfortable at all . jamie why should I be uncomfortable ? josh see , that I just find weird . jamie you be the only person who be weird about this . I ask you to co-direct -- josh yeah , because you know I would say , no ! CUT to : 78 int . dine hall . night 78 breitbart 's speech . breitbart now people have criticize I and some of my colleague say that we be pretend to be objective when there be no objectivity . CUT to : 79 int . lobby . night 79 josh and Jamie . jamie jeez , joshy . everyone do this kind of thing . josh I do not . I do not do something like this . I be try to make movie to figure out the truth . jamie ( incredulous ) really ? 80 81 82 109 . josh yes ! CUT to : int . dine hall . night 80 breitbart . breitbart okay , we be try to capture truth , but the truth of experience , of be in the moment , of see something as it happen . CUT to : int . lobby . night 81 josh and Jamie . josh ( sadly ) I do know that documentary be over . jamie be you kid ? it 's what everyone be do . josh ( indicate breitbart ) his documentary be over . what you be do be something else . if everyone be filming everything , what 's a documentary anymore ? it have no meaning , it 's just shit you record ! be that old man talk ? maybe it be . you kid have be tell you can do anything . you can not . ( beat ) well , you , Jamie , can , but most people can not . Jamie shrug . josh , annoyed , imitate he by shrugging back . CUT to : int . dine hall . night 82 breitbart . 110 . breitbart what we be try to say as filmmaker be that what we be filming be more interesting than we be ... CUT to : 83 int . lobby . night 83 josh and Jamie . josh you think everything be out there for you to have . it 's not . jamie nobody own anything . if I hear a song I like , or a story , it 's mine . it 's mine to use . it 's everybody 's . josh no it be not ! that 's not share Jamie , that 's ... steal . jamie that 's old man talk . josh I be a old man ! applause as breitbart finish he speech . josh , emboldene , turn to Jamie . josh I can not let Cornelia and Leslie walk down this road with you . I want you to go in there and tell they what you have do . if you will not , I 'il do it for you . for a brief moment , Jamie 's face elicit what look like fear . it pass . jamie okay . josh I be sorry , kid . but there be standard , there be ... standard . int . dine hall . night 111 . josh walk with purpose toward the table . Jamie trail behind he . cornelia josh ! josh sorry I be late . ( to breitbart ) Leslie , I catch you speech from the lobby , though and it be really inspiring , spot on ... breitbart be you okay , son ? do you want to sit down ? josh Jamie have something he want to tell all of you . josh take a seat and cross he leg comfortably . josh go ahead . they all look at he and then Jamie blankly . jamie not all of the stuff in my movie happen exactly as I say it do . ( sigh ) I play around with some of the time - line . breitbart okay . jamie ( humbly ) yeah ... josh '' yeah ? '' and ... jamie and what ? josh you do a lot more than that , come on . josh stand back up . he say to the table : 112. josh he do not even know Kent . darby do . and darby 's mother die of ovarian cancer . Jamie 's mom be probably alive and kick in Idaho . he sit back down . breitbart ( try to put a end to it ) josh , this be kind of my night -- josh you just need to hear this . jamie that 's basically it . josh leap back up . josh no , that 's not basically it ! you know that Kent have try to kill himself ... jamie right . josh say it ! breitbart josh , come on , let he speak . jamie the gist be the same . I author a bit of how we come to it . I mean , I be not that good a writer . if I make it all up , I would be the best writer in Hollywood and ... and Kent would be marlon brando . breitbart laugh . hedge Fund Dave laugh harder . josh I never say it be amazing . I just say it be fake . jamie and some of the time - line be adjust -- 113 . josh stop with the time - line crap ! josh pull out he video camera and gesture with it . josh Jamie know that Kent try to kill himself . that he have be in Afghanistan . we do not just stumble upon it . it be rig . Jamie invent the whole Facebook thing because he know it would play better . hedge fund dave Kent be not in Afghanistan ? josh no , Kent be in Afghanistan . hedge fund dave so , what 's the problem ? josh it 's ... it 's ... the way , the way he say that he find he be not true . hedge fund dave Kent serve we country , you be be offensive . breitbart look at Jamie . breitbart be what josh be say true ? jamie well ... I do know , but I do not think it really matter though , the movie 's not about that . josh of course it matter . Leslie , explain ... breitbart I do not know that it matter totally in this case . josh ( shocked ) what ? Dave lean in from the next table . 114 . hedge fund dave I do not care . josh ( dismissive ) I do not expect you to care . ( quickly back to Leslie ) Leslie , be you kid I ? you do not care ? you just give a speech about authenticity ! hedge fund dave ( think about it again ) yeah , I do not care . breitbart I just think the movie work on many level , the happenstance of it , to be honest , I find the least interesting part . josh sputter , practically stomp he foot . josh I can not believe it ! this movie be not worth the ... ram ... it 's ... store on . ( point at Jamie ) he 's acon artist . Leslie , you generation of sit-in and protester and ... pack rat would be horrify by this ... demon ! breitbart you be hysterical , josh . josh ( hysterically ) I be not hysterical ! he swing he arm , gesture , knock a tray full of food and glass out of a waiter 's arm . it go crash to the ground . josh shit , I be sorry , I be sorry . he help the waiter pick up the plate . everyone at the table wait . josh finally get back up . josh Cornelia ... 115 . cornelia I do not know . I think he 's a asshole , but the movie 's pretty good . and I be sorry I think that . Jamie take a seat and start eat the dessert that be place in front of he . josh this be so frustrating ! I be go to get no satisfaction here , be I ? this guy 's just go to win no matter what . everyone at the table stare at josh . his say with certainty : josh this be not how the world work . we move in on josh . his face fill with emotion . breitbart why do it have to be one thing or another ? thing change . different thing matter now . josh forget ethic then . what about I ?! you play I . I be play . jamie ( under he breath ) but you act in it . josh only because I think it be real ! ( pause , with genuine feel ) I love you . jamie I like you too ! we be friend . josh ( sadly ) I really believe it . ( he throat full of sadness ) I be a bet ! breitbart be you okay , son ? 85 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 116 . josh wipe he face . josh I be not cry . I be not . josh 's attention go to a tiny camera in Jamie 's lap aim right at he . josh be you filming this ?! breitbart josh , you sleeve be on fire . josh 's sweatshirt have dip into the flame of a candle on the table and be indeed on fire . Jamie stand , grab a pitcher of water and douse josh . josh drip , soak . he shake he head like a wet dog and , deject , move to leave . he hesitates and turn to breitbart : josh I take you note by the way . I cut the stuff on turkish politics out of my film . you be right , I do not need it . breitbart I be glad to hear that , son . ext . lincoln CENTER 85 close : Kent , in he magician outfit , speak to the camera . delete ? come up on the screen . yes be select . the file be delete . josh put the video camera back in he tote . he sit on the step with he roller blade and whiskey bottle . Cornelia arrive . she hold a plate with a napkin cover it . she hand it to josh . cornelia it do not matter that it 's fake . ( josh nod ) it do not matter because it 's not about Afghanistan and it 's not about Kent it 's about Jamie . josh ( sigh ) in my head , when I be blading over , I sweep in here and expose everything . I be such a hero . 117 . he lift the napkin on the plate to see a piece of chocolate cake drizzle with chocolate sauce and a fork . josh thanks . Cornelia take a swig from the bottle . cornelia when we first start see each other I be so jealous . I would get so upset when you have talk to another girl at a party . josh I know ! I like that ... cornelia I be so sure you have fall in love with someone else and leave I . josh do you want I to ? cornelia I think I want to know that I be not you only option . but you do not fall in love with someone else . until you do . and then it be two people . ( beat ) I be so sorry I kiss he . I really do think it be you at first ... then I kind of kiss he again . I do not know why I do it . I want to like he as much as you do . josh start to eat the cake . josh ( mouth full ) I want so badly ... I want to be admire . I want a protege . cornelia I know . josh he look at I like I be a real grow - up person . someone who have do thing . for the first time in my life I stop think of myself as a child imitate a adult . Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 118 . cornelia you feel that way too ? josh ( nod ) I be forty - four and there be thing I will never do . thing I will not have . ( pause ) what 's the opposite of '' the world 's you oyster ? '' Cornelia 's eye water . she nod . cornelia I think I stop take you in . josh be I a failure ? cornelia you have never fail I . josh but be I a failure ? cornelia I feel like I fail you . I wish we could go back and meet each other all over again . josh I would present myself differently . so I do not get you hope up . maybe not use the expression '' conquer the world '' so often . cornelia you say that a lot . josh I think it 's hard for I to have something be great every day and to acknowledge it . ( smile at she ) I have something great every day . if we be different people , I have ask you to renew we vow . cornelia I think it 's nice to renew vow . josh maybe we be different people . 86 Blue ( 09/16/2013 ) 118a . silence . cornelia what be you think about ? josh twenty year ago I be twenty - four . in twenty year I will be sixty - four . black int . car / ext . JFK airport . day 86 close on Willow , a year older , in a car seat . title : a year later pink ( 09/30/2013 ) 119 . fletcher drive , marina in the passenger seat . josh and Cornelia in the back with Willow . fletcher pull up to the terminal . marina call when you get there ! cornelia we will , Fox . josh and Cornelia get out of the car and grab the bag from the trunk . marina join they . fletcher step out of the car , but hang by the door . marina you be go to be such great parent . fletcher the guy be wave at I , we have to move , marina ! they change the rule . ( to josh and Cornelia ) see you when you get back . marina hug both of they . marina oh , Fox , I be go to cry . fletcher josh the cop be come , marina ! we will be back in a week . marina send picture of the little man ! we love you guy . cornelia we love you too ! josh I love you , fletcher . fletcher I love you too but I be not get arrest for you . marina ! int . airport terminal . day 87 close : a airplane departure screen . JFK to port-au - Prince , Haiti . 88 josh sit outside the gate , bag at he foot . he play game on he phone . Cornelia sit down next to he with stack of magazine . she hand josh a yogurt . josh thanks . ( be : she stack of magazine ) you really need ten ? cornelia it 's three and half hour to port-au - Prince . 120 . a a Cornelia slide a photo of a haitian baby out from between the page of a hard cover book . she smile . cornelia I can not believe it . josh I neither . he take the photo from she . he gaze happily at it . open a magazine . cornelia oh ... look who it be . she she present the magazine for josh to see : close on a photo of Jamie at sundance . close on the pull quote : '' be you a hipster ? '' '' well , I be of a certain age and I wear tight jeans . '' CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - sundance Jamie , in a black trenchcoat and a knit cap , be be interview by a cute interviewer in a parka . jamie but I be just about out of the cool - age demographic . interviewer what happen when you exit the cool - age demographic ? Jamie think about this . 88 89 90 91 121 . jamie I enter the power - age demographic . we move down to Jamie 's lap . he hold a small video camera train on the interviewer . CUT back to : int . airport terminal . day 89 josh hand the magazine back to Cornelia . cornelia it 's out there . the evil be unleash . josh no , you be right , he 's not evil . he 's just young . cornelia I hear from darby , she facebook I . CUT to : ext . tampa eco park . day 90 darby , she hair in a braid , a name - tag on she shirt which have a parrot on it , run a net through mud . a motorboat behind she . cornelia ( v.o. ) she 's a eco-tourguide at a wildlife refuge . darby this mud be fill with organism . she stick she hand in the mud and pull out a worm - like thing . darby this be a nudibranch . and if you keep you eye peel you might spot a gopher tortoise or a woodstork . CUT back to : int . airport terminal . day 91 josh open he yogurt . he pause for a moment , look at the container . 92 122. cornelia ( frown ) what 's wrong ? josh no. nothing . we will have a baby before this yogurt expire . Cornelia suddenly lean in hard , she face collide with josh 's . josh ( laugh ) oww , you tooth . they kiss long , intimately . finally , they release . both be grin . in the row of seat across from they : a mom be go through she ticket and itinerary . her toe-head one year old son be on he iphone . josh and Cornelia watch the little boy -- he finger move quickly , gracefully on the key . he 's totally immerse in what he 's do . nothing else exist . then he put it to he ear . we CUT to : black . as the credit roll we CUT to : int . josh / cornelia apt . day 92 a video image of josh . he sit in a armchair look at the camera . he consult a piece of loose - leaf paper , and with Cornelia 's help from behind the camera , re-ask he ten year - 123 . worth of question for he documentary .