whiplash by damien chazelle black ... we hear a hit . a drumstick against a drum head . crisp , sharp . then a second hit . then a third and a fourth . the hit grow so fast they start to blur together . like gunfire ... int . nassau band rehearsal studio - gehring hall - night 1 a cavernous space . sound - proofed wall . and in the center , a drum set . seat at it , in a sweat - mark white T , eye zeroed on he single - stroke roll , be andrew neiman . he 's 19 , slight , honors - student - skinny -- except for he arm , which have be build from year and year of drum . suddenly -- a man enter the practice room . stop , rise -- andrew sorry ... I be -- I be sorry -- man it 's ok . stay there . the man step forward , remove he coat . he 's tall . late fifty . Black T-shirt , black slack , black shoe . we ’1ll know he as fletcher . the room be silent now . and then , softly , as he 's one of that people whose whisper can scare the crap out of you -- fletcher what 's you name ? andrew Andrew Neiman , sir . ( it 's pronounce '' nayman '' . ) fletcher what year be you ? andrew I be a first - year , sir . fletcher you know who I be ? andrew yes ... fletcher you know what I do ? pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 2 andrew yes ... fletcher so you know I be look for player . andrew yes ... fletcher then why do you stop play ? beat . Andrew nod , smile . he get it . summon up all he remain energy and resume play , try to really show off this time . roll , fill , speedy stick -work . he finish . fletcher ( cont ’d ) do I say to start play again ? Andrew look at he . andrew I think -- ( then , blanching , ) I be sorry , I misun -- fletcher I ask you why you stop play . you version of a answer be to turn into a wind - up drummer monkey . andrew I be sorry -- I -- I stop play becau -- fletcher show I you rudiment . Andrew nod . Plays one rudiment after another : double-stroke roll , paradiddle , ratamacue , flam , flamadiddle . fletcher ( cont ’d ) uh-huh . double -time swing . fletcher begin clap he hand in time . fast . Andrew play . fletcher ( cont ’d ) no. double-time . double it . bop-bop-bop - bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop . Andrew try double the tempo . but he can not . fletcher stop clapping . the sign of death . Andrew keep play , eye shut ... then -- he hear the door close . he stop , and look up . fletcher have leave the room . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 3 a moment later -- the door open . it 's fletcher . Andrew 's eye widen . maybe it 's not over ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) woopsy -daisy . forget my coat . fletcher grab it , step back out , close the door . Andrew stare ahead , alone again at the drum -- and totally deflate . it 's over . wide shot of the band room as Andrew slowly rise . a title card : shaffer conservatory of Music fall semester ext . new york STREET - shaffer conservatory - night 2 Andrew exit , hurry off . pasted onto he overload back - pack be patch , button , name : krupa . roach . buddy Rich ... the building of midtown New York loom over he like giant -- immense , forbid ... int . movie theater - lobby - night 3 a quiet two - screen theater . Andrew busy concession . the girl at the counter be about he age . she 's pretty , but do not really know it . more to the point , she do not seem to care . her name be nicole . nicole swedish fish ? andrew Nah , not this time , thanks ... Andrew and Nicole exchange smile . he take he item -- popcorn , raisinet , two soda -- and head off . peer back at Nicole . she 's stare into space . she look suddenly lonely . Andrew take in the sight . you can tell he 's attract to she -- but he 's too nervous to do anything . a beat later , he enter the theater . int . movie theater - moment later 4 Andrew spot a 53 - year - old man seat near the front . this be he dad -- jim . mild -manner , soft -spoken , average in every respect . have the eye of a former dreamer . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) a smile between the two of they . Andrew hand he dad the raisinet , hand he the drink . routine . the movie have not start yet . as they exchange item -- jim you ok ? andrew sure ... a beat . andrew ( cont 'd ) he have I play today . jim Andrew shrug . it 's clear what that mean . jim ( cont 'd ) you still have other option . andrew what do you mean ? jim it 's good to be open-minded . when I be you age I think I have have a book deal at 23 . then that change to 30 . then 40 . andrew right ... and that do not upset you ? Jim shrug , keep he eye down . he have a tendency to look down when talk . the light dim . the preview begin . andrew ( cont 'd ) I mean , it have to do something to you . jim ( another shrug ) I do not know . why ? it 's just life . ( pause ) there 's other thing to care about . Friends . romance ... Andrew take it in . especially the last part . jim ( cont 'd ) at my age you get perspective . andrew I do not want perspective . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 4a Jim smile . a moment . just then a moviegoer squeeze into the row to head to a seat further down -- and bump against Jim and he bucket of popcorn . jim neyman sorry . the moviegoer do not say a word . Andrew watch . take it in . omitted 5 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 5 int . dormitory - hallway - hour later 6 rusty elevator door squeak open . Andrew step out -- into a grimy , green - wall hallway . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 6 dim light , loud music blaring from behind a door . a thudding party beat ... at the end of the hall -- where the music be come from -- a few partygoer mingle by a door . the door open . a young man hand a second young man a wad of cash in exchange for a Zip - lock bag of pill . the second young man eye Andrew . Andrew turn away , head leave -- to he own door . hurriedly open it and slip inside . int . dormitory - andrew 's room - night 7 a single . drumstick and drum pad scattered , biography of bach and coltrane on the shelf , poster of Louis armstrong and Charlie parker on the wall . a tv be on , some sort of music documentary . Andrew watch from he bed -- as , over old audio of drumming and old still of a boy at a drum set -- narrator ( v.o . ) by the age of ten , traps the Boy wonder be wow crowd all over America . by he teens , buddy Rich be well on he way to become the stuff of legend . talking head # 1 like any truly great player , buddy seem to have be bear with music in he blood . he grasp it intuitively , ina way you and I just can not . talking head # 2 you check out the old stuff , man . you look at that movie when he be a kid , he arm ... beat . Andrew take it all in -- especially this word : talking head # 2 ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) you just can not teach that . that kind of genius . ( pause ) you either get it or you do not . Andrew turn off the tv . we hear the party beat continue outside , muffle . he lean back and switch off he light . we fade out . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 7 int . gehring hall - nassau band room - day 8 the same room we see Andrew practice in at night -- only now it 's full of musician . mostly male , mostly first - and second - year . this be nassau band , one of shaffer 's lower - level jazz ensemble . because it 's shaffer , the player be still first - rate . a few third - year be here , too -- include a red-head drummer with the body of a linebacker . ryan connolly . Andrew look up -- in time to see Ryan with a girl by the doorway . Ryan 's girlfriend be gorgeous -- tall , all curve . Ryan let he hand slide down she shoulder . Andrew watch ... the girl wave bye to Ryan as he head in . he 's all macho confidence . trumpeter my man ry ! shit , how you feel ? ryan stitched up at last , dude . trumpeter thing be hurt with Neiman on the kit -- Ryan tap he to stop . Andrew be within earshot -- and have hear . beat . Ryan move over to Andrew , sit down at the set . ryan you have a good weekend , bro ? andrew yeah . definitely . really good . ryan do not worry about greg . he 's a dick . Andrew nod . admire Ryan . seem more diminutive now than ever . ryan ( cont 'd ) you be practice ? andrew yeah . all the time . ryan my man . then -- the nassau Band conductor appear : ron kramer . mr . kramer Morning , fella . '' billie 's in '' , bar 8 . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 8 Mr. Kramer clap off in time -- and the band begin play first nassau band rehearsal chart . mid-tempo . Ryan 's confident , in control . Andrew turn he page , watch ... mr . kramer ( cont ’d ) Nice , Ryan ... woah , trumpet . trumpeter # 2 yeah , yeah - sorry about that one . mr . kramer just brass again . to Ryan 's leave , a whisper -- trumpeter ry ... Ryan turn . visible as a silhouette through the frost glass of the main door ... be fletcher . Andrew turn and look as well . tense up . kk kk kk kk fletcher linger outside . then he walk on . Ryan turn back to the trumpeter . ryan not today . int . gehring hall - nassau band room - moment later 9 rehearsal have end . the musician have just file out -- except for Andrew , who 's hang back ... mr . kramer be you learn from Ryan ? andrew yeah ... he 's be great to I . mr. kramer last week be a little overwhelming for you ? andrew ( be that a question ? ) yeah ... ( then , hesitant , ) I wonder ... what you think about my progress ? mr . kramer you progress ? andrew I just ... I be ... practice hard and ... pink ( 9/10/2013 ) mr . kramer Andrew -- you have get a good attitude . you always arrive on time . Andrew nod . wait . 8a pink ( 9/10/2013 ) mr . kramer ( cont ’d ) yeah . ok ? andrew ( beat ) ok ... do you think ... I know fletcher 's look for player ... for Studio Band ... mr . kramer yeah , Andrew ... lincoln Center look out for fletcher 's top player . if it be not for Ryan 's injury he have have be in Studio Band last year . he 's a natural player . Andrew take this in . nod . a beat . andrew ok . mr . kramer ( this be awkward ) look ... I be go to be candid . 90 % of we player will never make it into the lincoln center or the collective . the question be -- who 's in that 10 % ? mr . kramer ( cont ’d ) so I would practice . you could start a rock band . Andrew take it in . the implication be clear . he turn -- and glimpsis a poster on the wall : a drummer throw a stick in the air mid-solo . buff. confident . the opposite of he . andrew I ... I have one more question ... ( Kramer look at he ) .-.. do you know what the process for transfer be ? 10 11 12 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 10 omitted 10 int . gehring hall - basement hallway - continuous 11 Andrew walk down a hallway . a piece of paper in he hand . it 's a transfer application ... he notice as two attractive female student pass he . ak student # 1 ** at least you do not embarrass yourself a k like what ’s-his-face . ** student # 2 ** that be truly pathetic . a k as he continue walk , he hear music . stops. approach . ** look . int . gehring hall - studio band room - continuous 11a through the pane of glass , Andrew can see a full orchestra . everyone look older than in nassau . more focus . all eye glue on fletcher as he assume he position ... fletcher 's right arm move , just a hair , and the band start : fast , dazzle . Andrew watch -- in awe . the band 's play studio band eavesdrop chart , and the sound be so full , so precise , so commanding . nothing like nassau . and suddenly -- fletcher turn around . his eye meet Andrew 's . Andrew duck out of view -- shit -- -- and hurry away . int . andrew's practice room - a few hour later 12 Andrew practice like mad , try to nail a double - time swing . to he leave a digital metronome blink . the time set : 380 . Andrew stop . resets the metronome . 390 . resume play . tries to keep up . resets the metronome to 400 . can not keep up at all now . struggle , sweat , hand blister , when -- craaack . Andrew 's right drumstick snap in half . he stop . spend . look at he hand , sweat and throbbing from the blister . look back at the metronome . still beep away . he turn it off . glance up ahead at a poster -- of buddy rich hunch over a drum pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 10a kit , mid-solo -- tack to the wall . stare at the image . then look down -- at the paperwork we see earlier . the head : '' application to transfer '' ... 12 a 13 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 11 int . andrew 's practice room - moment later 12a a CD slide into a player . the title : '' buddy rich : birdland '' . Andrew skip ahead to the third track . immediately , drum start . another double - time swing . only this one be insanely fast . even faster than Andrew be go . Andrew listen . look at he drum kit . thinks . make a decision . turn the CD off . int . movie theater - lobby - afternoon 13 the same movie theater as before . Andrew march in . have one goal and one goal only now . walk up to Nicole at the counter . take a deep breath , and -- andrew hey -- look -- I -- I do not know how to say this -- I see you in here all the time and -- I be just wonder -- ( stop , collect himself , ) -- if you would want to get a bite to eat with I . beat . Nicole just look at he . Andrew can not believe he say what he just say . feel like a creep . instantly regret it . nicole please get away from I . andrew I be so sorry , I -- I do not meat -- nicole I be kid . she smile . beat . Andrew manage a nervous laugh . nicole ( cont 'd ) that you dad you always come in with ? andrew ( discombobulate , try to keep up --) kind of bob up and down when he walk ? that 's he . nicole ( laugh ; then , ) Andrew , right ? I be Nicole . andrew Nice to meet you , Nicole ... 14 15 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 12 nicole Monday I get off at seven . andrew Monday . ok. great . i’1ll be here Monday . a moment -- a awkward silence -- then Andrew turn -- and , in a daze , realize what 's just happen , he spirit suddenly start to soar -- he glide off . int . gehring hall - lobby outside dean's office - day 14 the next morning . Andrew , still riding high , be seat in a lobby outside the dean 's office . in he hand -- a filled - out transfer application . assistant Andrew Neiman ? ( Andrew turn ) Dr. fletcher would like to see you . andrew oh. ok ... Andrew 's thought be elsewhere . distract -- not sure what this be about but do not really care -- he dutifully follow ... int . gehring hall - fletcher 's office - day 15 black . we hear knock . fletcher ( 0.s . ) come in . a door open -- the black give way -- and we see , seat at a polished mahogany desk , fletcher . he look as impose -- and as well - dress -- as ever . fletcher ( cont ’d ) hey , Andrew ! I guess Sophie find you ? Andrew be take aback . fletcher remember he first name ? andrew yes ... I be ... I -- fletcher come in , come in , close the door ... fletcher rise to greet Andrew , as Andrew close the door . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 13 fletcher ( cont ’d ) I like to chat with student come in and go out . I hear you be go out ? Andrew look surprised by the warmth in fletcher 's voice . andrew yes. transferring . to Columbia . fletcher terrific . Columbia 's a terrific school . do something precipitate this ? andrew I just decide to ... ( not sure how to say it ) +..to try out some other thing . not focus only on drum . you know ? beat . fletcher look at he . be he upset ? dismay ? fletcher bravo . ( as he start to head back toward he desk - -) too many student clamp down on they '' pursuit '' like leech . ( sit atop he desk ) hobby they pick up in they teens , and for what ? take a seat . andrew ( start head to a couch ) uh ... yeah .. I mean , I -- ( pass by a '' lst place Prize '' plaque on a coffee -table ) -- I be a little young than my teens when I start drum , but -- fletcher what be you then ? twelve ? andrew six . fletcher oh . well , kid start swim when they be six , do not mean they be Michael phelps . it 's a hobby , never anything you consider go all the way with . be I right ? andrew definitely . I mean -- well -- for a time , I think I have go all the way -- but , yeah -- pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 14 fletcher well , kid want anything . I want to be a nanny . thank God that I trust talk I out of it . good to listen to advice . andrew yes , I have do that , you be right , it 's -- fletcher -- good to get outside perspective . so long as they do not have ulterior motive , I '' listen to what the people you trust tell you . Andrew nod . but that phrase seem to echo . ulterior motive ... fletcher hop down from the desk and make he way to the couch . fletcher ( cont ’d ) so what 's the passion you have choose to pursue at Columbia , then ? andrew ( as fletcher take a seat next to he ) oh ... well ... I be not ... not really sure . it 's not a specific thing I have in mind . fletcher ah . well that 's ok . you be young . most people , it take year for they to find they call . my father , for instance -- he have no idea what he want at you age . he try a lot of thing , a little bit of this , a little bit of that . take he year before he realize he dream be insurance . that be he passion . the cubicle , the coffee break , the dry wall . he let this simmer for a beat . then -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) I be sure you will find you call as well . he rise back up . a moment of silence . fletcher ( cont ’d ) I guess that 's it , then . any question ? he notice Andrew look at a photo on the wall . he take stand drift to wall ... jvc Jazz pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 15 fletcher ( cont ’d ) that 's Sean casey . graduate three year ago . now he 's first trumpet at lincoln Center . ( head toward the door - - ) he come a long way . andrew ( try to collect he thought as he rise ) +.. so -- be you -- still look for Studio Band player then ...? fletcher ( turn around to face Andrew ) some , yes . but it 's no cakewalk . most kid here can not last . laszlo polgar , hungarian psychologist , declare in 1967 that talent be all about conditioning . say he can make he kid , whoever they be , the best in the world at something . what that something be he will decide . he 's a lousy chess player but he pick chess because it 's objective . go around look for a wife , find one who agree to he experiment . start have kid : Susan , sofia and judit . get they practice before they can even talk . this be not kid who be sit and smell the rose . this be kid who be go to leave a actual mark on the world . who be the top female player by 1984 ? Susan . who play the eight -straight - win '' Miracle of Rome '' in 1989 ? sofia . and who be universally consider the great female chess player of all time ? judit . a breath . smile . we linger for a second on Andrew , in place , take it all in . Andrew 's eye quickly the photo behind fletcher -- the image on the the Studio Band with wynton marsalis . fletcher at the Festival . one jazz luminary after another ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) which be why I be sure you 'il be great at whatever you set you mind to at Columbia . ( put he arm around Andrew , start escort he toward the door - - ) it be a pleasure chat , Andrew , now -- andrew I just -- one thing first -- I mean -- I be not entirely sure I be transfer yet ... 16 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 16 fletcher well that 's worrisome . I be sure you have good reason to make you decision . andrew I -- just might give it some more time -- fletcher no need to do that . first instinct be best . andrew my first instinct ... be not to transfer ... fletcher I be not sure you first instinct be right , then . why do not you give it some more think , and in the meantime ... ( reach the door ; about to close --) --- make sure you double - time swing be ready by Monday 's nassau Band . he close the door . we linger on Andrew . a spark have be light . int . gehring hall - nassau band room - night 16 Andrew play the drum with nassau Band . keeps miss hit . the song 's second nassau band rehearsal chart ( andrew ) . mr . kramer alright , that 's ... that 's enough of that . back to just the core , please . musician trade place . as Ryan trade with Andrew , he turn -- ryan dude -- what have you be practice ? just then , the door swing OPEN -- and in step fletcher . all eye go to he . all talk cease . absolute silence , save for fletcher 's footstep . Andrew wait . heart pound ... fletcher arrive at the head of the band -- as Kramer silently and meekly retreat . fletcher prop up the music stand to he height , look down at the sheet music , run he finger down it to find the spot he want ... Andrew , like all the other player , be dead-still , eye glue on fletcher 's every move ... fletcher look up , survey the band with he eye . then , raise he hand -- fletcher down the line . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 17 Instruments SNAP upward with military precision . no one want to miss a beat . fletcher ( cont ’d ) trumpets . bar 36 to 38 . one-two -- the trumpeter on the right start play . five note before fletcher cut he off with the slight flick of he hand . fletcher ( cont 'd ) next . one-two -- ( the second trumpeter miss he cue ) next . one-two -- nothing . fletcher look up . there be no more trumpeter . he look over at Kramer : '' be you serious ? " fletcher ( cont ’d ) trombone . bar 21 to 23 . four-and -- ( trombonist be scramble to find the right page ) saxes. 48 to 50 . '' and '' of one . and-one -- ( alto sax get through one bar ) next -- before he even count off , he notice the tenor sax 's finger -- all he need to know . fletcher ( cont 'd ) drum . we get a split-second glimpse of the tenor saxophonist , wonder what just happen -- before we CUT to the drum , Ryan at the ready . fletcher ( cont 'd ) double - time swing . Ryan take a breath . fletcher clap he off . Ryan play . fletcher ( cont ’d ) thank you . you. behind . palm sweaty , Andrew take Ryan 's place . train he eye on fletcher 's hand . deep breath . fletcher clap , and Andrew begin -- try to get the motion right , try to stay in time -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) thank you . bass . five bar of '' donna Lee '' . we stay on Andrew as the bassist play ; Andrew slide off the drum and back to he regular seat . 17 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 18 fletcher ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( to bassist ) thank you . we CUT back to fletcher . he look over the band once more . we see the musician 's face -- scared , but hopeful . then -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) drum . come with I . Ryan 's heart start speed . his excitement visible , he -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) other drum . Ryan freeze . Andrew be stick in place for a moment . then , eye wide -- be this really happen ? -- he rise and approach the doorway ... there , fletcher hand he a orange paper slip . fletcher ( cont ’d ) give this to admin for reschedule . we meet 6 be to lpm every day . room b16 . and with that , he exit . in a daze , Andrew drift back toward the band . Kramer look at he . Andrew answer the look with a defiant smile . vindicate . mr . kramer ok fella , let 's ... let 's take it back from the top .. he clap off . the band play second nassau band rehearsal chart ( ryan ) . Andrew pretend not to notice Ryan 's eyeing he in shock . just sit down , let it all settle . and -- ever so slowly -- Andrew 's face dissolves into a grin ... int . pizzeria - night 17 nicole this be a nice place . we be at a cheap pizzeria now . Nicole be seat , two half - eat slice of pepperoni in front of she . a old jazz track be play -- pizzeria chart . seat across from Nicole be Andrew -- echoe of the earlier grin still on he face , a brightness in he eye . andrew yeah , I come here a lot . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 19 beat . then -- click back to reality -- this be not a nice place , do I fuck up ? -- andrew ( cont 'd ) they have good music , so I -- it 's not just the food ... ( point , be : the tune ) this be Jackie Hill , '' when I wake '' , July 17th , 1938 , Bob Ellis on drum . nicole be you try to impress I ? andrew no -- sorry -- I do not mean -- they have like -- ten song they loop through . they be always play the same thing . nicole and you know the date to all ten ? andrew ... yeah . Nicole smile . a moment . Andrew fidget . nervous . nicole you know every time I see you in the theater you always have you eye point to the floor . andrew really ? nicole like you be fascinate by the soda stain on the carpet . andrew my dad tell I I have a problem make eye contact . nicole my parent like to criticize I too . when I be grow up my mom tell I my chin be too big and that that 's why guy would not like I . ' Cause my dad have curse I with a big chin . andrew what ? pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 20 nicole yeah , it 's -- look -- ( she turn , point she chin up ) it 's jay leno . Andrew laugh . Nicole look prettier to he than ever . nicole ( cont 'd ) she keep ask I if I have a boyfriend yet , and then blame it on the chin . andrew she sound insane . nicole she want to be a actress when she be my age . andrew and you ? what do you do ? nicole other than serve you popcorn ? andrew what do you want to do with you life ? nicole ( think ; be not prepare for a question that direct ) I go to fordham ... I be not sure ... andrew what 's you major ? nicole I do not have one yet . andrew well what do you come here to study ? nicole I just come here for a general education . andrew right , but you pick fordham for a reason . why fordham ? pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 21 nicole I apply to a bunch of school , fordham let I in . why have you pick shaffer ? andrew it 's the best music school in the country . beat . Nicole shrug . nicole well fordham be fordham . a moment . nicole ( cont 'd ) I do not love it there to be honest ... andrew no ? nicole I mean -- the people there ... I do not think they like I . I be from Arizona and -- I do not know , I think they see it in I . a beat . Andrew think about this , then -- andrew I do not like the people at shaffer either . but I think it just take time ... thing change , you know . nicole I know . ( then , open up more than she expect , more fragility in she voice now ) I feel homesick sometimes . you know ? I hate how people in college pretend they never feel homesick . or maybe I be literally the only one , but ... I do not think so . a moment of silence . she look at Andrew . he look at she . andrew I know exactly how you feel . ( then , he smile ) I still go to the movie with my dad . Nicole nod . smile back . Andrew say it playfully , but she can tell he also mean it to reach out to she . 18 18a 19 20 20a pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 22 she scoot she leg . her knee happen to touch Andrew 's . he notice . so do she . they look at each other . nicole .-. I like this song . andrew yeah -- this part be great -- here -- Nicole smile . look at Andrew . he look back . they knee stay still , just barely touch . and , on this moment , just as the song end -- int . dormitory - andrew 's room - pre - dawn 18 Andrew 's in bed -- fast asleep . seem stress - free for once -- he body totally relaxed , he mind deep in a dream . his arm hit he night stand -- waking he up . his eye open . he look at he alarm clock . it read : 5:17 . andrew shi -- int . dormitory - hallway - moment later 18a Andrew burst out of he room and race down the hall . ext . dormitory - new york STREET - moment later 19 Andrew dash across the green . it 's still pitch black outside , the city cold and menace . int . gehring hall - stairwell - continuous 20 Andrew bust inside , run down the stairwell -- and slip . Falls full - throttle down a whole flight , hand smack against the tile . rise , sore , and keep run . int . gehring hall - basement hallway - continuous 20 a Andrew reach room b16 -- push open the door -- 20 B 20c 21 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 23 int . gehring hall - studio band room - continuous 20b -- only to find the room empty . no one be there . Andrew check the time on he phone : 5:33 . do he miss they ...? int . gehring hall - basement hallway - continuous 20c Andrew step back into the hallway . spot a sign - up sheet at the door . look at it . see the word '' studio band '' scroll down for each day . the list start-time : '' 9 am '' . int . gehring hall - studio band room - morning 21 Andrew sit on the drum throne . a clock on the wall read : 8:57 . he 's doze off , be out cold . his hand , cut from he fall down the stair , rest against the snare drum . suddenly -- the door open -- saxophonist # 2 she tell I to pull out , then wet the whole fuck bed . saxophonist no , serious ?? Andrew shoot up . surge to he foot . the saxophonist do not pay he any attention . they be big guy , macho . another door open . more player ... this be the core member of Studio Band -- shaffer 's cream of the crop . mostly third - and fourth - year . all male . a few alternate follow , first - and second - year . Andrew watch as the player buzz they mouthpiece , whip open they folder , pull out they instrument . a flurry of chatter and activity ... one of the core member head to the drum : carl tanner , 22 . Andrew see he , and -- carl you the new alternate ? andrew yeah -- I be -- Andrew Neiman ... carl ( could not care less about he name ) tune the set to a b-flat . then you will turn my page during rehearsal . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 24 Andrew , nervous , sit back down at the drum and -- andrew ( to the pianist ) Excuse I ? ( no answer ) um -- sorry -- excuse I ? ( the pianist look at he ) could I have a b-flat please ? the pianist play a b-flat . Andrew tune . by now the room be fill : trumpet , trombones , sax . andrew ( cont 'd ) ( to the pianist ) Excuse I -- could I maybe have ano -- but Carl have already rise . usher Andrew back up . sit down at the drum , as Andrew sit down by the music stand . saxophonist # 2 milk the cunt !! the pianist play a middle C , and the player start tuning to it . Andrew watch , listen -- the sea of sound building , the clock on the wall tick , until -- it hit 9:00 . the door burst OPEN . fletcher march in , carry a stack of sheet music . sudden tension -- and utter silence . fletcher set he music down . stare at the band . Dead -serious , silently judge . a moment pass ... then -- he smile . he 's switch all of a sudden to warm and cuddly . fletcher we have get a squeaker today , people . Neiman . ( he pronounce it '' neeman '' ) nineteen year old . be not he cute ? laugh throughout the room . we can overhear a few snicker : player ( 0.s. ) neee -man ... Andrew look . fletcher keep he smile up ... and then -- fletcher alright , gang . '' whiplash '' . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 25 the player get out the chart . Andrew catch a glimpse -- a messy clutter of note and time signature ... fletcher raise he hand . total silence . then -- the slight move of fletcher 's finger , and the band begin whiplash studio band rehearsal carl # 1 . the chart 's name '' whiplash '' for a reason . it 's fast , frenetic , 7 / 4 time . this fast , with this many polyrhythm , it 's impossibly hard . carl page ... page ... Andrew turn the page . Carl glare . should not have have to tell he to turn it . but Andrew can not follow . the band 's too fast .. fletcher stop . you. barker . ( point to the third trumpeter 's horn ) that be not you boyfriend 's dick . do not come early . move ahead . bar 93 . the player flip they sheet music . Andrew catch a glimpse of a trombonist eject the spit from he horn . a puddle have form by he foot . fletcher ( cont ’d ) five-six - seven -- the band play whiplash studio band rehearsal carl # 2 . intense , visceral . fletcher pace back and forth , eyeing player as they play . he 's get fox 's ear , hawk 's eye . every sinew of he body be focus . Andrew watch , awed , scared , completely overwhelm . fletcher ( cont 'd ) stop ! the band come to a halt . fletcher ( cont ’d ) now this one upset I . we have a out - of - tune player . before I go any further , do that player want to do the right thing and reveal himself ? ( silence ) ok . maybe a bug fly in my ear . bar 115 . five-six -and -- he cue the band with he hand , then cut they off . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 26 fletcher ( cont ’d ) no , I guess my ear be clean because we most definitely have a out - of- tune player . whoever it be , this be you last chance . ( pace back and forth , slowly ) either you know you be out of tune , and be therefore deliberately sabotage my band ; or you do not know you be out of tune -- which I be afraid be even worse . nothing . the player avert he gaze . all terrify ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) reed . five-six -and -- ( they play , he cut they off ) Bones . five-six -and -- ( they play , he cut they off ) ahhhh , he 's here . silence . he eye the trombonist . land on one , metz . overweight . be pick on he whole life . fletcher ( cont ’d ) tell I it 's not you , elmer fudd . metz sit there , tremble . on the brink of tear . fletcher ( cont ’d ) it 's ok . play . ( metz do so , fletcher stop he , lean in , whisper - - ) do you think you be out of tune ? metz , terrify , look down at the floor . fletcher ( cont ’d ) there 's no fuck Mars bar down there . look at I . do you think you be out of tune ? metz -..y-- yes ... fletcher then why the fuck do not you say so ?!? silence . it 's the first time we have hear fletcher really shout . his voice be booming , louder than one would have think . then -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) I have be carry you fat ass for too long , metz . ( more ) 22 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 27 fletcher ( cont ’d ) I will not let you cost we a competition because you mind 's on a fuck happy meal and not on pitch . stein , congratulation , you be now fourth - chair trombone . metz -- get the fuck out . still tremble , tear bubbling out , metz pick up he trombone and walk to the door . Andrew watch -- shocked . once the door close -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) for the record , metz be not out of tune . you be , wallach . but metz do not know it . and that 's bad enough . and then -- he look straight at Andrew . fletcher ( cont ’d ) alright , take ten . when we get back -- the squeaker 's on . Andrew 's face go ghost - white . int . gehring hall - basement hallway - moment later 22 Andrew sit in the corner of the hall , the '' whiplash '' sheet music in he hand . tries desperately to count the beat ... andrew five-six -seven ... six-two-two-five ... he scribbles on the page , try to compute the pattern : '' 7 / 9 + 7 / 4 = 7/18 " . '' 1/64 X 7 / 9 " ... we see foot pass by , and hear -- studio core member # 1 stein will not last a week . he do not have the lip . studio core member # 2 fudd last longer than he should have ... studio core member # 3 maybe if he spend half the time practice that he do to polish off cheeseburger ... studio core member # 4 ( laugh ) you get that right . Andrew 's eye follow the player . they be tall , build . next to they Andrew feel like a scrawny teen . kk kk kk kk kk kk kk pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 27a just then -- a pair of dress shoe reach Andrew 's side . startle , Andrew look up . it 's fletcher . Andrew scramble to he foot , as fletcher put he arm over he and -- earnestly , back to the warm tone he display day ago -- fletcher ( walk Andrew down the hall ) listen , Andrew . I know what you see in there be worry you , but there 's a big difference . this be you first day . ( more ) pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 28 fletcher ( cont 'd ) metz have be drag mud for two year . ( come to a stop , look straight at Andrew - - ) besides , you be no elmer fudd . this be a huge opportunity for you . you know that , right ? andrew yeah ... fletcher you parent musician ? andrew no , not really ... fletcher what do they do ? andrew well , my dad 's a writer . fletcher what 's he write ? andrew well he 's ... I guess he 's mainly a teacher . fletcher College ? andrew pennington High . fletcher and you mom ? andrew I do not know ... she leave when I be a baby . fletcher so no musician in the family . andrew ...- no , I guess not ... fletcher well , you have just get to listen to the great then . jo Jones , buddy Rich . you know , Charlie parker become '' Bird '' because Jones throw a cymbal at he head . ( more ) pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 28a fletcher ( cont 'd ) you see what I be say ? ( Andrew nod ) ( more ) 23 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 29 fletcher ( cont 'd ) the key be -- relax . do not worry about the number or what the other player think . you be here for a reason . you believe that , do not you ? ( Andrew nod ) say it . andrew I be here for a reason . fletcher good . a beat . and , finally -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) now have fun . he pat Andrew on the back -- then promptly walk off . int . studio band room - gehring hall - moment later 23 the player be take they seat . slowly , Andrew walk in . eye the drum . take a deep breath . he can do this ... Carl be seat in the alternate 's seat . the drum throne be empty . just wait for Andrew ... Andrew sit down . we move in closer on he -- as he adjust he seat , lay he music out , get he stick ready ... fletcher ( 0.s. ) alright , gang . Andrew look up . fletcher have just enter . fletcher ( cont 'd ) '' whiplash '' . fletcher eye Andrew . fletcher ( cont ’d ) Neiman -- just do you best . Andrew nod . look at the music . count in he head . he 's ready ... fletcher clap the band off . whiplash studio band rehearsal andrew # 1 , mid-tempo , far easier than before . Andrew 's do well . fletcher nod , smile -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) let 's see some fill . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 30 Andrew fill , roll down the tom . fletcher grin . Andrew , see fletcher 's grin , can not help but smile . get into it now . the whole band building , he drum grow more intense . he fill again . fletcher ( cont ’d ) snap ! we have get buddy Rich here . Andrew grin . fill again . accent , play a counter - rhythm . when he trip up . come in a hair late . fletcher ( cont ’d ) ( wave the band to stop ) ok , little trouble there . no problem . let 's pick it up from 17 . fletcher clap . Andrew play whiplash studio band rehearsal andrew # 2 . fletcher wave he to stop again . fletcher ( cont ’d ) not my tempo . ok ? fletcher clap again . then another wave for Andrew to stop . fletcher ( cont ’d ) downbeat on 18 . ok ? he 's still soft , calm , warm . he clap again . then , stop -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) the '' and '' of 4 . bar 17 , the '' and '' of 4 . he clap off . stop Andrew again , only second later . fletcher ( cont ’d ) 17 , the '' and '' of 4 . ok ? and you be rush a little ... Andrew nod . get nervous now ... fletcher clap again . stop again . fletcher ( cont ’d ) not quite my tempo . all good , here we go . he 's about to clap off when , out of nerve , Andrew hit he bass drum early . fletcher ( cont ’d ) no -- ready ? fletcher clap . stop Andrew yet again . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 31 fletcher ( cont ’d ) sorry , you be -- you be drag a little now . ( Andrew try to pull he seat up , get anxious , flustered ) all set ? Andrew nod . get it together ... fletcher clap . stop . fletcher ( cont ’d ) you be rush . clap again . stop again . fletcher ( cont 'd ) dragging . clap again . Andrew play whiplash studio band rehearsal andrew # 3 , expect another stop -- but it do not come . fletcher nod , as though now satisfied , then slowly turn around . put he hand on a spare chair . look like he 's about to sit down , when ... like a flash of lightning he whip up the chair and hurl it straight at Andrew 's head . Andrew duck , as the chair catch the top of the bass drum , almost toppling it over . a ear - piercing clang of cymbal , as Andrew 's stick go fly and the chair hit the floor . then -- total silence in the room . Andrew be shell - shocked , beyond shake , what in the fuck just happen ???... fletcher ( cont ’d ) ( as though discuss the weather ) why do you suppose I just hurl a chair at you head , Neiman ? andrew I ... I ... I d- - do not ko -- fletcher yes , you do . andrew I ... the ... the tempo ... fletcher be you rush or be you drag ? andrew I ... I do not ... I do not -- pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 32 fletcher bound up to he , almost running -- suddenly beast - — like , terrifying , vein set to burst -- fletcher start count . andrew ( like a deer in the headlight ) ... five -six - seven -- fletcher in four , damnit ! andrew one-two-three-four ... fletcher slap Andrew on he leave cheek . then -- fletcher keep count !! andrew one-two -- ( another slap ) -- three -- ( a third slap ) -- four -- fletcher be I rush or I be drag ? andrew I -- I do not -- I do not know -- fletcher start count again . andrew one-two -- ( a slap on he leave cheek ) -- three -four -o -- ( another slap ) -- ne-two - three -- fletcher be I rush or be I drag ? andrew r--rush ... fletcher so you do know the difference ! if you dare to sabotage my band I will fuck you like a pig . ( more ) pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 33 fletcher ( cont 'd ) now be you a rusher , be you a dragger , or be you go to be on my fucking time ? !? this be a new fletcher we be see . a animal . but no one but Andrew seem surprised -- andrew I - - I be gonna be on you time ... fletcher ( flip over a new sheet of music , point to the top ) what do this say ? andrew 260 ... Quarter note 260 ... fletcher Count a 260 . andrew o-one-two-three-four ... fletcher Jesus fuck Christ -- I do not know they allow retard into shaffer ! do you expect I to believe you can not read tempo ? can you even read music ??? ( point back to the music ) what the fuck be this ? andrew a half -note ... fletcher and this ? andrew a --a dot sixteenth ... fletcher sight-read this measure . andrew bop-bop-ba-bop-ba-- fletcher what be you , in a fuck a capella group ?? play the goddamn set !! Andrew play the measure on the drum . shake , terrify ... pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 34 fletcher ( cont ’d ) now answer my question -- be you rush or be you drag ? ( because Andrew hesitates - - ) answer ! ! ! andrew R--r--r--rushing ... fletcher dear God , be that a tear in you eye ? be you one of that single - tear people ? do I look like a double fuck rainbow to you ?? Andrew try to hide he tear , mortify , wipe it , cower -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) you must be upset . be you upset ?? andrew n--no ... fletcher oh so you do not give a shit about any of this ? andrew no , I -- I do give a sh -- fletcher so be you upset ? yes or fuck no . andrew yes ... fletcher you be upset ... andrew I be upset ... fletcher say it so the rest of the band can hear you . andrew I be upset ... fletcher louder . andrew I be upset ! 24 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 35 fletcher louder ! !!!! 1 ! andrew I be upset !!! fletcher you be a worthless friendless faggot - — lipped little piece of shit , whose mommy run out on daddy once she realize he be not Eugene o’neill , and who 's now weep and slobbering over my drum kit like a fifteen - year - old girl -- so for the last father - fuck time , say it louder !!! andrew ( tear pour out now ) i_am upset !!! !! 1 ! then -- silence . Andrew hunch over the drum set , shaking , face awash in tear . the other player just stare ... fletcher Carl ... Carl silently switch place with Andrew at the set . fletcher ( cont ’d ) start practice harder , Neiman . ( then , turn to the band , ) '' whiplash '' . once more from the top . he clap the band off . as for Andrew , he just sit behind Carl -- daze , red -face , and utterly gut . his first day of Studio Band be over . int . gehring hall - basement hallway - day 24 Andrew exit . try to hold it all in . then -- ryan hey , bro . he see Ryan , a few yard away . Andrew hide he face , hide the tear that be start to spill out uncontrollably ... ryan ( cont 'd ) I never say congrat , man . congra -- +..and run like hell . 25 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 36 int . dormitory - andrew 's room - dusk 25 Andrew be curl in the corner , cry . we linger here . then , he phone ring . he look at it . hesitates ... andrew ..- hello ...? jim ( 0.s. ) you do not show . and , finally , break down , can not hold it in any longer -- andrew he rip I apart ... jim ( 0.s. ) ... who ? ( then , ) that asshole ? you tell I you be transfer ... Andrew look at he desk . there , atop a pile of papers , be he transfer application . all fill out . ready to go . next to it , a buddy rich CD ... andrew ( almost to himself ) --. I think he like my play . jim ( 0.s . ) who care what he like ? who be he to you ? when I start write plenty of people try to put I down . you ignore they . Andrew be silent . when I start write ... that word seem to have the opposite effect Jim intend . andrew when you start write ... jim ( 0.s. ) why do not you come home tonight ? andrew no , I -- I have to practice . jim ( 0.s. ) no , you have to take it easy . andrew I need to go now ... 26 27 28 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 37 jim ( 0.s. ) Andrew -- andrew I have to go ... sorry . i’1l call you later . he hang up . rise . wipe he reddene eye . and exit he dorm . pre - lap knocking -- fletcher ( pre - lap ) yes ? int . gehring hall - studio band room - fletcher 's office 26day Andrew step into fletcher 's office . before fletcher can say a word -- andrew I be sorry to interrupt you . I just want to tell you -- I be so thankful to have be accept into Studio Band . and I be go to make sure I do not disappoint you . fletcher , seat at he desk , just look at Andrew . Andrew nod , turn around . Marches back down the hall -- as percussion begin ... we follow he , stick close to he face , the resolve now in he eye . something have change . percussion grow louder and , as we move , hurdle we back ... ...to fletcher 's office . and to fletcher , peek out through he doorway now . fletcher smile ... int . andrew 's practice room - day 27 Andrew sit at he drum set , furiously practice ... and just like that , move fast , drum pattern for montage carry we , we be -- int . gehring hall office room - day 28 close on Andrew 's hand , xerox - ing page of music . the title : '' whiplash '' , '' aleph null '' , '' easy six '' ... page dense with note ... 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 38 ext . new york STREET - shaffer conservatory - evening 29 fletcher step outside . it 's drizzle a bit . he slowly unfold a umbrella . pass by a few other faculty member on he way to the sidewalk . keeps walk . the drumming continue ... int . dormitory - andrew 's room - evening 30 Andrew pull the mattress off he bed , drag it to the door with he alarm clock . heaves both out to the hallway ... int . subway - night 31 fletcher be seat , squish in between commuter , tower over by other traveler . look diminutive in this set ... ext . new york side STREET - night 32 Andrew march down a side-street , wolfing down a McDonald 's burger for dinner , earphone plugge into a metronome ... int . andrew's practice room - night 33 Andrew lift a 50 - lb weight with he right arm . then a 75 - lb . then pick he stick up and play he double - time swing ... ext . fletcher 's apartment build - night 34 fletcher reach a nondescript high -rise . with he fold - up umbrella , he head hang low , and the careful delicacy with which he open the door , he look here like nothing so much as a quiet , everyday man ... int . andrew's practice room - night 35 Andrew sleep , earphone still in and metronome still on . he 's on the mattress he bring down from he dorm , the alarm clock by he side . next to it , a suitcase of clothes . above , the poster of buddy Rich . it 's as though he 's move in . int . fletcher 's apartment - dine room - night 36 fletcher set the table for dinner . he have nice porcelain plate , and a glass of red wine . but the meal ? a freeze ready - make steak and vegetable . on the wall , a photo . in it , a young fletcher , and a woman , and a nine - year-old girl . all smile ... 37 38 39 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 39 int . andrew 's practice room - morning 37 Andrew rise from the same mattress and slide onto he drum seat . start play , hand dot with blister , eye crusty with sand . the metronome still on ... ... because it be never turn off . CUT to : ride furiously , try to beat he double - time swing ... the metronome read 380 ... his muscle exhaust ... CUT to : the metronome adjust up to 390 ... blister tear ... cuT to : 400 .. hand bleed now , blood smear the stick ... CUT to : 405 ... the metronome go crazy now ... the drumming so fast it 's a wash , a wall of sound , blood on the cymbal -- int . fletcher 's apartment - dine room - night 38 silence . fletcher finish he meal . put the dish away . sit down on a couch . still alone . the apartment , like he office , be small but elegant . picture of icon on the wall . monk. holiday . coltrane ... fletcher reach into a stack of lp 's : chopin , ravel ... pull one out with the most delicate touch , as though he be handle a newborn . set it on a record player by he side . a scratch , a hiss , and then -- -- fletcher 's song . melancholy , lovelorn ... fletcher just sit and listen , barely move -- but you can tell the music now play mean everything to he ... a moment , and then ... int . dunellen auditorium - stage - evening 39 Wild , feverish , absurdly fast big band jazz . we be on -stage . a orchestra about the size of Studio Band be in full swing , reach the end of rival overbrook band chart . the band finishes . no applause . a card : first competition of the Winter season 40 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 40 int . dunellen auditorium - GREEN room - hallway - moment 40 ater the rival player quickly shuffle into the green room , past Andrew , who watch , awed . a voice -- technician ( 0.s. ) Terry ! Andrew turn , glimpsis a corridor through the doorway . out in the corridor , he see a technician welcome fletcher . in the technician 's arm , a four - year -old girl -- the technician 's daughter -- fletcher Mike ! ( and , to the girl , ) I be so sorry , can I have you autograph ? ( she blushes , shake she head ) be you play a instrument yet ? technician she start piano this week . fletcher ooo , I need pianist ! ( to the girl ) what do you say , you ready for Carnegie Hall ? the technician smile again , look at the girl . she hide she face in he chest , embarrassed . he and fletcher laugh . fletcher ( cont ’d ) alright , alright . ( look up at she dad ) great to see you , Mike . he lean in . they hug . fletcher ( cont ’d ) see you after the show ! cheer ! he step in , close the door and address he player , who be busy sand they hand , buzzing they lip , prepare : fletcher ( cont ’d ) ok , you fuck cocksucker . E dorian . ( the non-percussion player lift they instrument ) hurry the fuck up !! E dorian . ( they play the dorian scale ) double it . ( they play it double - time ) ( more ) 4l pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 41 fletcher ( cont ’d ) G lydian . ( they play the lydian scale ) D lydian augment . ( they play it ) double it . ( they play it double - time ) get you music . '' irene '' only for set 1 . Rhythm section out first . tanner , the kit be a tonal catastrophe . get it in tune . Rhythm and soloist , we be augment the dominant in measure 45 . everyone else sharp the nine at bar 106 . get it ? ( beat ) now remember . lincoln Center and its ilk use this competition to decide who they want . and I be not about to have my record in that department stain by a bunch of sour- note flexible - tempo flatter - than - they - girlfriend dipshit . and another thing ... ( he hold up a music folder ) ... if I ever see one of this lie about unattend to again , I swear to God I will stop be so polite . that alright with you , lady ? player yes . a stagehand approach fletcher , about to speak to he -- fletcher ( almost matter - of - fact ) get the fuck out of my sight before I demolish you . the stage hand nod , slink away . fletcher address he band -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) stage right . in order . now. ( turn to the stage hand -- who 's short and plump ) that mean you too , mini- I . int . dunellen auditorium - stage - continuous 4l Studio Band go on -stage . Carl hurry to the drum , tune they . carl stick bag . Andrew hand Carl the stick bag . raise the music stand , prop the music folder onto it -- 42 43 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 42 carl ( cont 'd ) hurry up . announcement ( v.o. ) the shaffer conservatory Studio Band ... carl hurry up . -- and open it to overbrook competition chart . fletcher appear . raise he hand . everyone raise they instrument . sit still . wait ... a cough be hear . fletcher look to he right . the player stay still . no sign of whom it come from ... and then -- the slight move of fletcher 's index finger . so subtle you need absolute focus to even notice it . that 's the count -off . miss it and you have blow it for everyone . the band launch . quiet at first , then a big brassy sound . Andrew watch Carl 's play . tap along on he knee . carl ( cont 'd ) page . ( Andrew snap to it , turn the page ) damnit ... still conduct , fletcher approach , whisper -- fletcher get it together , tanner , I swear to God . head back to he position , glaring at Carl . piss at Andrew , Carl play . the music build and we be -- int . dunellen auditorium - GREEN room - moment later 42 the performance over , the player trickle backstage . carl ( hand Andrew the folder , still piss ) hold onto this for the second set . int . dunellen auditorium - hallway - moment later 43 Andrew plug in for a can of Coke at a vend machine . set he music folder down on a chair . keeps he eye on it . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 43 then -- he overhear talking ... trumpeter # 1 that 's what I hear ... Andrew turn . creep around the corner . see a trio of fellow Studio Band player , all core , chat . they do not see he ... trumpeter # 2 do you think he will make a complaint ? saxophonist he want a career . Long as fletcher stay , fudd could get place back in . why would he jeopardize that ? Andrew lean in to hear more , but before he can get a read -- carl I need to look at the music . Carl be inch from he face . Andrew turn to the chair -- but the folder be go . his eye go wide . no ... carl ( cont 'd ) can I have it ? andrew carl yeah , of course . I be ... why be not it on you ? andrew carl it be , I - - I do not see it . andrew ( realize he can not hide this ) fuck ... I -- I think I fuck up ... carl no . you be joke . andrew I swear to God , I have it on that chair -- carl oh my God . oh my God . oh my God . how could you be so fuck stupid ?!? andrew ( shaking , do not know what to do ) a ... a janitor ... maybe a janitor take -- pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 44 carl find the fuck chart ! ! ( turn , grab a pass player - -) Neiman lose my folder . saxophonist serious ? fletcher 's go to flip . and just like that -- a voice boom down the hall -- fletcher ( 0.s. ) drum !! where the hell be tanner ?? 44 int . dunellen auditorium - GREEN room - moment later 44 Carl , terrify , Andrew behind he , address fletcher -- carl we have a issue . fletcher now be not the time . carl I give Neiman the folder . Neiman lose it . fletcher look at Andrew . this be a joke , right ? fletcher Neiman lose it . carl yes . fletcher the folder be you fuck responsibility , tanner ! you should have know not to give Neiman you folder . you give a retard a calculator and he ’1ll try to turn he tv on with it . now get you ass on-stage before I - - carl I can not ... fletcher can not what ? carl ( do not want to have to say this --) I -- I can not go on-stage ... I do not know the chart by heart ... 45 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 45 fletcher come again , darling ? carl you know this ... I have -- I need the music , my memory -- it 's , it need visual cue -- fletcher Visual cue ?? carl -- it 's a medical conditio - - fletcher a medical condition ? what be you , sanjay gupta ?? play the fuck music !! carl I can not . andrew I can . fletcher and Carl both look at he . neither be expect he to chime in . Andrew seem almost as surprised ... fletcher you know '' whiplash '' by heart ? andrew yes . every measure . every note . quickly realize this be now he only option -- fletcher you would better pray you memory do not fail you , Neiman . and I hope you have improve since last month 's rehearsal . I be not about to start lose now . then , to the rest of the band -- fletcher ( cont 'd ) on -fucking -stage ! ! int . dunellen auditorium - stage - moment later 45 the player in they place . and there , on the set , overwhelm , try to make this one shot count -- be Andrew . announcement with they second selection , the shaffer conservatory Studio Band . 46 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 46 fletcher face the band . Zeroes in on Andrew . the wild - card . Andrew rub the sweat from he palm . this be it , this be it ... adjust the drum , tighten the snare . Carl sit behind he , burn hole with he eye ... andrew five-two-two-six-two-two ... six-two-two ... fletcher raise he arm . Hand suspend in air , finger wait to move ... Andrew lock eye on it . heart pound now ... and -- the finger move . the band begin whiplash overbrook . a surging 7 / 4 . Andrew seem catch off - guard at first . struggle to keep up . then reach the right speed -- and stay there . fletcher keep he eye on he , wait for he to fuck up ... but Andrew do not . he get the first hit . awkward , but in time . then the second hit -- also graceless , but on target . and here come the key moment . fletcher turn he attention to the trumpet -- and away from Andrew . barely believe he luck , Andrew play another bar . still fletcher do not look at he . he 's focus on other player . the number build some more . and -- head judge ( pre - lap ) first place . shaffer conservatory . int . dunellen auditorium - stage - hour later 46 applause . fletcher summon he player to the stage . the judge hand he the microphone . fletcher take it , hesitantly . his band behind he -- include Andrew ... fletcher I be ... suppose to say a few word but ... it 's this kid who should be speak ... ( turn to he band , earnestly ) you earn this , gang . ( beat , turn to the audience ) you know ... when I be a kid , I see God . or as some people know he , Charlie parker . my dad snuck I out of school so we could make the drive into Chicago . it be a bar so he have to sneak I in , hide under he coat . I do not know where in the hell I be . I be all of seven . but then , by the time I be on my third shirley Temple , this nice - look man go up on -stage and start play . and I have never be the same since . ( more ) 46a 47 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 47 fletcher ( cont 'd ) ( turn again to he band ) you guy mean the world to I , you know ... ( back to the audience ) I think of they like they be my own kid . treat they that way , too . treat ‘em like my dad treat I . meaning I terrorize they . ( laughter , and to the band , ) but it 's true , gang . you be my family ... something about how fletcher say this suggest he mean it ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) thank you . thank you so much . he waver . then step aside and exit with he band . int . dunellen auditorium - stage - wing - continuous 46a the stage hand appear , carry a red folder . go up to Carl and Andrew -- stage hand this yours ? I think a janitor throw it in the trash by accident . Carl look . it 's he music folder . he look behind at Andrew . int . studio band room - gehring hall - day 47 a new day of rehearsal . Andrew enter the room , pass the piano -- pianist do not you go take my folder ... Andrew look at he . wary , he make he way to the drum ... and to Carl . reaches in to help Carl adjust the cymbal when -- carl do not touch the set . Andrew stop . just then -- the door open , and fletcher enter . fletcher '' Cherokee '' . ( look at Carl ) what be you do ? no answer . Carl , seat at the set , be visibly confuse . fletcher ( cont ’d ) core only today , I can not waste time with alternate . 48 49 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 48 Carl stay still . what ...? Andrew look just as shocked . but fletcher keep on stare . he 's dead -serious . finally , Carl slide off , stunne , as Andrew take he place ... and , calmly toss this off even though he know how much it hurt -- fletcher ( cont 'd ) tanner , make sure to turn Neiman 's page . then he raise he hand . Andrew hold he stick , still shocked . this be as clear a verdict of he play at overbrook as he ’1ll ever get . he 's the new core drummer . fletcher clap the band off , and before we hear any music we be -- int . road to new jersey - bus - day 48 Andrew watch a video on he iphone ... it 's 70 's footage and audio of a grey-haire drummer , a face we have see before ... buddy rich . Andrew smile . relaxed . proud . a bubble pop up : '' 1 new voicemail , 1 new text message '' . Andrew open the text . the name on it : '' nicole '' . it read : '' you free Thursday ? " Andrew be about to answer . hesitates . Plays the voicemail . carl ( 0.s . ) Neiman ... you lose that folder on purpose . you know I do not know the chart by heart ... answer I ... I have be core for two _ year . I have be drum since I be three . I earn my spot you asshol -- Andrew hang up . look back at the text message . consider again ... then he just resume watch the video . int . new jersey - jim 's house - kitchen - evening 49 Jim grab a platter from the stove , Andrew by he side . jim how 's it go in Studio Band ? 50 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 49 andrew good . I think he like I more now . jim his opinion mean a lot to you , do not it ? Jim look at Andrew . almost accusatory . a moment ... andrew yeah ... jim grab the shaker please . int . jim 's house - dine room - night 50 Seven people seat at the table : Jim and Andrew , Andrew 's uncle frank , aunt emma , and 18 - year - old cousin dustin . to Jim -- uncle frank jimbo -- overcooked ! ( to Emma , laugh be : the meat ) I can barely chew this thing . Jim laugh along . Andrew watch . there 's a undercurrent to the joke . the power dynamic between the brother be clear . uncle frank ( cont ’d ) he just laugh . Jim keep laugh . aunt emma and how 's you drum go , Andy ? Andrew , put on the spot , hesitates . but then , excited -- andrew well ... actually , it 's ... it 's go really well . I be now the core drum -- the door open . in step travis , another cousin , 21 , football player , real looker . all eye swerve in a instant from Andrew to he . uncle frank well , well , well -- Tom brady ! travis sorry I be late . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 50 aunt emma do you hear , Jimmy ? uncle frank they name trav the season 's MVP . jim that 's incredible , tra -- aunt emma ( interrupt ) and Dustin head up model UN , soon - to - be -rhode - scholar or who know what , Jim '' teacher of the Year '' I mean , the talent at this table it 's stun . beat . then -- aunt emma ( cont ’d ) and Andrew . with he drum . uncle frank yeah , you say that be go ok , Andy ? andrew ( a little peeve , ) it 's go spectacularly well , actually . I be ... I be in shaffer 's top jazz orchestra , it 's the best in the country -- and I be just make a core member . ( there 's no reaction ) ... which mean I play in competition . I be one of the youngest they have . travis how do they know who win in a music competition ? be not it subjective ? andrew -.- no , not really . uncle frank do the studio help get you a job ? andrew it 's ... it 's not a studio , that 's just the name of the ensemble ... and yes , it 's a big step forward in my career . uncle frank I be just curious how you make you money as a drummer . after graduate . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 51 Andrew glance at he dad . wonder if maybe he 'il chime in in defense ... but no . his dad stay meek and quiet . aunt emma I see a tv commercial for credit report where a young man be play the drum . you could do that . andrew yes , or the lincoln Center Jazz orchestra . but the credit report gig be a wonderful backup . uncle frank ( miss Andrew 's sarcasm ) well I be glad you have it figure out . it 's a nasty business , I be sure . ( to Travis ) oh , you gotta tell they about you game last week . I have say you live up to you title . travis 43 - yard touchdown to win it . uncle frank that 's what I be talk about ! on you way to the pro . andrew it 's division III . everyone at the table look at Andrew -- include he dad . andrew ( cont 'd ) he play for carleton . it 's division III . it 's not even division ii . ( silence , shock around the table ) the tilapia be delicious , by the way . uncle frank ( I ' 1l get you back for that ) you get a lot of friend , Andy ? andrew not really . uncle frank and why 's that ? andrew I do not see the use . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 52 uncle frank well who will you play with otherwise ? who 'il give you you break ? Lennon and McCartney be school buddy , be I right ? andrew Charlie parker do not know anyone ' till jo Jones throw a cymbal at he head . uncle frank and that 's you idea of success , then ? andrew become the great musician of the twentieth century would be anyone 's idea of success . jim dying break , drunk , and full of heroin at 34 would not be my idea of success . Andrew turn and look at he dad . can not believe he join in . andrew ( to he dad ) I would rather die break and drunk at 34 and have people at a dinner table somewhere talk about it than die rich and sober at 90 and have no one remember I . uncle frank ah , but friend remember you . that 's the whole point . andrew no , none of we be Charlie parker 's friend . that 's the whole point . uncle frank well there 's such a thing as feel love and include . andrew I prefer to feel hate and cast out . it give I purpose . jim that 's ridiculous . you do not mean that . uncle frank Travis and Dustin have plenty of friend , and I have say they have plenty of purpose . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 53 andrew you be right , they 'il make great School board president . dustin oh -- so , that 's what this be all about -- you think you be better than we ? andrew you catch on quick . you must be in model UN . travis well I have get a reply for you , Andrew . you think carleton football 's a joke ? ( Andrew only nod ) come play with we . andrew four word you will never hear from the NFL . aunt emma who want dessert ? jim and from lincoln Center ? a moment of silence . Andrew look at he dad , and he dad just look right back ... a simmer anger in he eye , Andrew turn to the other , and , slowly -- andrew in 1967 a scientist name laszlo polgar decide to prove talent be not about what you be bear with but about conditioning . have three kid , Susan , Sophia and judit , and get they practice chess for hour and hour before they can even talk . Fifteen year later Susan and Sophia be the two top female player in the world , and judit 's on she way to enter the history book as the great female chess master of all time . silence once again . Andrew glance at he dad , and deliver back that same accusatory look he see in the kitchen ... uncle frank so not only do you want to die at 34 , break , drunk , and addict to heroin , but you also wish you be a lab rat . 51 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 54 Andrew say nothing . rise , plate in hand . walk to the door -- dustin enjoy band camp . andrew enjoy pretend you be a ambassador . -- and swing it shut behind he . int . coffee shop - day 51 andrew ok , I be go to just lay it out . this be why I do not think we should be together . we be back in the city , at a coffee shop . Andrew be seat across from Nicole , who just look at he . clearly she do not think this be how the conversation would begin . andrew ( cont 'd ) I have think about this a lot . if we be together this be what 's go to happen . I be go to keep pursue what I be pursue , and it 's go to take up more and more of my time . you be go to see I less and less . when you do , I ’‘1l be distract , I 'il be upset , I will be play thing in my mind . and you be go to just grow to resent I . at a certain point , you 's 1ll tell I to ease up on the drum , to spend more time with you . and I will not be able to . and I x11 start to resent you for even ask I that . i’1l feel like you be drag I down , you will feel like you do not matter -- and before long , we will hate each other . so I think we should just cut it off now , cleanly , for that reason . a beat . Nicole be silent . finally , Andrew add -- andrew ( cont 'd ) because I want to be great . nicole and you be not . andrew I want to be one of the great . nicole and I would stop you from do that . 52 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 55 andrew yes . nicole you know I would stop you from do that . you know that for a fact . andrew yes . nicole and I would barely see you anyway . andrew that 's right . nicole and when I do see you , you would treat I like shit , because I be some girl who do not know what she want , and you have a path , and you be go to be great , and I be go to be forget , and therefore you will not be able to give I the time of day because you have bigger thing to pursue . andrew that 's right . that 's exactly my point . beat . nicole you be right . we should not be dating . she get up . andrew I be glad we have this talk . nicole I too . with that , she turn and leave . we linger on Andrew , the look on he face ... do I just fuck up ...? no , I be good . int . gehring hall - studio band room - day 52 a blast of music . horn squealing , cymbal swell . it 's another Studio Band rehearsal . Andrew 's at the drum , play well . fletcher cue a fermata , and the band finish studio band rehearsal after - breakup chart . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 56 fletcher alright , gang . pick up the new chart by the door . rehearsal tonight start at 9 . you have ' till then to learn it . player head out . Andrew grab he copy of the chart -- it 's call '' caravan '' -- when -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) Neiman . stay a bit , ok ? Andrew nod . Carl , at the door , glare at he . then slink off . fletcher ( cont ’d ) ( approach , point to the chart ) look at this . see the tempo ? andrew Quarter note 330 ... fletcher that 's a double- time swing . that 's what get you in here , be not it ? andrew I guess so ... fletcher grin . then -- the smile fade . fletcher now , just as be the case with you , I stumble on a kid practice he double - time swing the other night . I have like to give he a shot . before Andrew can register , let alone ask '' who ? '' -- ryan ( 0.s. ) be I late ? fletcher and Andrew turn to the door . ryan connolly be here . fletcher perfect timing ! join we , Connolly . ( Ryan head over , smile ) you two know each other , do not you ? ryan yep , nassau Band . ' sup , Andrew ... Ryan be all smile . but Andrew be mortify . can barely conceal he anxiety -- and he anger . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 57 fletcher now , Connolly , I have make Andrew a temporary core -- ( Andrew 's eye shoot up at the word '' temporary '' ) -- but we have get the competition this weekend and I want to make sure the new chart 's in good shape . Ryan nod , reach into he backpack . and , to Andrew 's shock , pull out the '' new chart '' . caravan . ryan this one , right ? Andrew 's wide -ey . when do he get the chart ? fletcher ( as though he can read he mind ) I give it to he this morning , Neiman . now , all I want to do be test out the part . Neiman , if you would not mind , could we take it from the top with just you ? Andrew try to keep calm . go to the drum , lay out the chart . fletcher ( cont ’d ) do not worry , I do not care about hit . that 's 1l be tonight . for now , just tempo . Andrew nod . take a deep breath . look at the tempo notation . '' 330 '' . another breath . ok ... I have get this ... fletcher clap . Andrew begins . fletcher ( cont ’d ) no ... that 's not quite my tempo ... andrew I be -- I be sorry -- i’1ll -- fletcher let 's see if Connolly can do it , ok ? beat . Andrew look at Ryan . heart pound , he switch with he . fletcher clap . Ryan begins . and he play perfectly . fletcher ( cont 'd ) Connolly -- that be excellent . see , this be the beauty of Studio Band . you come in a alternate -- but a minute later , you could be the new core . Andrew 's eye widen again . 53 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 58 andrew you be not serious . fletcher look at Andrew -- as though shocked Andrew talk back . a moment of silence . then -- bzzzzz . fletcher 's cell . fletcher Connolly , the chart 's yours . see you both tonight at 9 . ( answer the phone ) hi , this be terence ... he head to he office . Andrew be still . what just happen ...? ryan how you be , bro ? ( Andrew look at Ryan ) I think it be the injury that keep I out last time . but I be fuckin’ stoke to be join you guy now . Andrew just stare . Ryan seem earnest -- but Andrew be incense . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( mistake Andrew 's look for anxiety ) do not worry about fletch , either . my granddad know he dad from the philharmonic when fletcher be try to break in . he 's more bark than bite . Andrew 's eye really widen now : what the fuck be go on ? he get up , march to fletcher 's door , and -- int . gehring hall - fletcher 's office - continuous 53 --burst in . fletcher 's just finish he call . fletcher andrew what be --? I need to talk to you . fletcher andrew now be not the time , I I can play that part , you swear to God - - know I can -- fletcher i_said not now !!! there 's more desperation in fletcher 's voice than anger . and Andrew notice something else : fletcher 's eye be water ... Andrew be silent . he 's never see fletcher like this . 54 54a 55 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 59 fletcher ( cont ’d ) ( softly , as though close to cry ) you want the part ? then ... earn it . a moment pass . int . gehring hall - studio band room - continuous 54 Andrew bust back through the studio band room . eye burn . one think and one think only : get that part back . ryan bro ! wanna grab lunch ? but Andrew do not answer . just keep walk . int . dormitory - basement bathroom - day 54a Andrew pour ice into a sink . turn on the faucet . dip a big glass jug in and collect ice water . int . andrew 's practice room - day 55 Andrew practice the part ... he 's push , give it he all ... '' caravan '' on he stand , scribble over with pencil marking : '' forte '' , '' triplet ! " , '' hemiola 1 - 3 " , '' do not slow down ! " andrew come on ... come on ... he stop . his hand throbbing from blister . he dip it by he side -- into the jug of ice water . clench . blood cloud the water . he resume play -- frenzied , exhaust . fuck up , scream out -- andrew ( cont 'd ) fuck !!!! start pound he stick against the drum-head . then he hand . pound harder and harder , once , twice , three time , four time . Hand bleed more , the drum-skin give way , finally tear and break . he start playing again , feed up , enraged , shout at himself -- andrew ( cont ’d ) come on you fuck piece of shit ... come on !!! come on ! !!! 56 57 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 60 int . subway - night 56 a crowded subway car . Andrew be seat , poring over he sheet music , run through the beat in he head ... int . gehring hall - studio band room - night 57 the player sit silently . Ryan on the drum throne , Carl and Andrew behind he -- Carl still humiliate , Andrew 100 % focus . the clock read : 9:00 . not a word in the room . fletcher emerge . a CD player in he hand . he plug it in . fletcher ok ... um ... for the first time ever , he seem uneasy , unsure what to say . fletcher ( cont ’d ) we ...we have a new player . Ryan Connolly . Ryan nod , wave to the other player . chipper -- ryan sup , dude . Andrew glare at he . seethe now . but , continue , softly -- fletcher but I ... if you could just ... put you instrument down ... just for a second ... he turn to the CD player . turn it on . a big -band ballad swell . a mute trumpet take the lead . it 's casey 's song , and it 's a tender sound , full of melancholy ... for a few second , fletcher do not say a word . his thought seem to be drift . then , hesitant , as the music play ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) six year ago ... I see a kid practice scale in a band room here . he would start at shaffer with a lot of hope , but the truth be he have barely squeake in and he be struggle . everyone on the faculty tell he : '' this be not for you . '' but they do not see what I see ... ( he voice croaking again , emotional , ) ...this ... this scared , skinny kid cursing himself ' cause he could not get he scale right ... I see a drive in he ... ( more ) pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 61 fletcher ( cont ’d ) and I put he in Studio Band , and we work together for three year , and when he graduate , marsalis make he third trumpet at lincoln Center . a year later , he be first . that 's who you be hearing now . ( then , ) his name be Sean casey . the name catch Andrew 's attention . the trumpeter fletcher mention to he ... and the word '' be '' ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) I find out this morning ... that Sean die . he die in a car accident yesterday ... ( take a moment , be have trouble speak ) I just want you guy to know that ... he be ... Sean be a ... ( and , almost dissolve into tear on this next word ) -.- beautiful player ... ( breathes in , collect himself ) I just think you all should know . beat . he lean back down and turn off the CD . silence . fletcher ( cont ’d ) ( another moment ; then , still shaky --) '' caravan '' . from bar 142 , please . the player open they folder , pick up they instrument . fletcher wait . hesitates again ... then -- clap . just drum , bass and trombone play the trombone solo section of caravan studio band rehearsal . fast , precise -- but fletcher wave to Ryan to stop . fletcher ( cont 'd ) no , that 's ... that 's not quite right , Connolly ... sorry ... Andrew 's eye instantly fill with hope . be this he chance ? fletcher ( cont 'd ) I ... I want to try Neiman on this ... ok ? Ryan nod , slowly slide off -- as Andrew quickly get on . clutch he stick tight . this be it ... fletcher 's still shaky -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) maybe ... maybe now 's the time for Neiman to earn the part ... beat . he clap off , Andrew start , and , only one second later -- pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 62 fletcher ( cont 'd ) no , I guess not . tanner . a anger be creep into fletcher 's voice now . the stammer fade away , bit by bit . dismay , Andrew get off , Carl get on , fletcher clap he off -- and then , slamming he fist down on he table , the barely suppress grief give way now to terrifying , full - out rage -- fletcher ( cont 'd ) mother-fucker ! ! ! Carl jump . the band go silent . fletcher glare at he drummer , eye so heat they could burn hole into you . fletcher ( cont 'd ) get you ass back on the kit , Connolly . Ryan do . the other player be still . Real fear in the room ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) I will find my tempo out of one of you faggot if it take I all goddamn night . his tone be vicious , he eye still watery . he clap , stop - — - fletcher ( cont 'd ) which it just might . Neiman . Andrew get on . his hand be shaking . fletcher clap , stop -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) not my tempo . switch . Carl get back on . fletcher clap , stop yet again -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) not my fucking tempo ! !!! he turn to the rest of the band . rub he eye , breathes , and then , try to keep calm but he face already beet-re ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) ok ... sorry about this , gang , hate to put you through it . but rest you arm , put aside you instrument , if you need to take a dump do it now , ' cause I be go to go for as long as it take until I find a drummer who can play in time . ( to the drummer - - ) you hear I talk , cocksucker ? you would better start shitting I perfect 400' . Connolly . you first . get on the kit . 58 59 60 61 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 63 int . gehring hall - basement hallway - later 58 player mull through the hall , stretch . a few yawn . you can tell this guy have be here for hour already ... and through the wall , the kind of scream that shake you to you core : fletcher ( 0.s. ) motherfuck cocksucker !!! be -- int . gehring hall - studio band room - night 59 fletcher -- that the fastest you can go ?? it be no fuck wonder mommy run out on you , you worthless acne-scarred fetal - position hymie fuck . get off !!! Andrew -- whole body shaking , have be play for half a hour straight -- get off the kit , struggle for breath , hand coat with tear blister and blood . fletcher 's rage be unlike anything we have see from he : pain , vengeful ... Carl get on the kit . fletcher clap . the clock : 11:06 . fletcher ( cont ’d ) well what do we have here ? Gay pride himself . this be not a sinead o’connor concert , tanner . I be sorry to inform you we will not be serve bake Alaska and cosmopolitan tonight . now why do not you try play faster than you give fuck hand job ?? one ! one ! one ! one ! off the fucking kit !!! Carl stop . stagger back , daze , as Ryan move up and begin . fletcher ( cont 'd ) now we get ourselves we mick fuck paddy - cracker . do you know you look like a fuck leprechaun ? I think I 'il call you flannery . int . gehring hall - bathroom - night 60 player rinse they face . one look at he watch , dead -tire . it 's very late ... int . gehring hall - studio band room - night 61 some player have now return to they seat . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 64 fletcher switch ! Carl stop play . almost fall as he get off the kit . Ryan take he place -- just as wear out . as soon as he sit down at the set he have to bend down to catch he breath . fletcher ( cont ’d ) it be not Saint fuck Patrick 's Day , flannery , there be not a pot of gold under you fuck seat . play . fletcher clap . Ryan play , muscle cramping , can not keep up -- fletcher ( cont 'd ) switch ! Ryan stop , gasp . fletcher 's eye land ... ... on andrew . face awash in sweat , hair drip , muscle throbbing , wrist red , hand cake in blood , T-shirt cling to he chest . this be it ... andrew mutter to himself as he ttering to himself h get on the kit ) come on ... come on you fuck ... fletcher let 's see if we can finally bring this home . he clap . Andrew begin . fletcher ( cont ’d ) do not slow down . Andrew try , the tempo slip ... so fast , so loud ... fletcher ( cont 'd ) speed up ! god-fuck -damnit I say speed up !!! Andrew 's arm be move as fast as they possibly can , he foot like triggers -- and he ear start ringing now , the ringing cut and almost drown out the other sound ... fletcher , fire -ey , turn around and go into the nearest closet . emerge with a cowbell and a stick . come closer and bang on it in time . the SOUND slice through the ringing , startles Andrew , this stick whack down inch from he head -- fletcher ( cont 'd ) do not stop !! 62 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 65 Andrew do not stop . manage to glare forward , with what almost seem like hatred in he tired , blood - shot eye ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) faster !... faster ! ! ( Andrew speed up ) do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! one ! one ! one ! one ! one ! one ! one ! one ! Andrew slip , almost lose the beat . fletcher grab the floor tom drum and hurl it through the air , against the nearest wall . it ram into the concrete , handle buckle . but Andrew stay focus . do not cry . fletcher ( cont 'd ) keep playing ! ! Andrew do . fletcher raise the cowbell now , about to strike Andrew across the head , look like a fuck madman -- but still Andrew do not cry -- as fletcher bellows -- fletcher ( cont 'd ) keep playing !!! Andrew keep play . fletcher stand still . stare at he . circle the drum set like a predatory beast , ready to strike at any instant . then -- he step back . drop the cowbell and stick . Andrew be still play , go like a automaton . no tear . finally , fletcher silently raise he hand , and , with just a slight wave , gesture for Andrew to stop . Andrew do . nearly collapse over the set . fletcher ( cont ’d ) congratulation , Neiman . you earn the part . he turn to the rest of the band . fletcher ( cont ’d ) ok . now we can begin . the clock : 2:00 . ext . gehring hall - side door - night 62 it 's 3:30 be . the player stagger out of the building . Zomby . Andrew appear , red -ey , past exhaustion . fletcher emerge last . 63 64 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 66 fletcher 5 pm call tomorrow . leave at least two hour from New York this time . save you travel receipt . or do not , I do not give a fuck . he then walk off . Andrew watch he leave . and , as we zero in on Andrew 's eye ... ... we see that something fundamental have change . he look like a completely different person now . 100 % hollow out . bus driver ( pre - lap ) next stop dunellen . two hour . omitted 63 int . road to dunellen - greyhound bus - day 64 we be on a Greyhound , pack . another voice in the back ... andrew bop-ba-d-d-da-bop ... bada-bop-bop-bop ... 65 66 67 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 67 it 's Andrew . hunched over sheet music , earphone on , count aloud through '' caravan '' . and , by he side -- a Zip-lock bag of pill . just like the one we see exchange at the party outside he dorm ... passengers look at he . who be this lunatic ...? andrew ( cont 'd ) bop-bada-bop ... ba-da-bop-ba-d-d-d-da-bop ... and suddenly -- a jolt . the bus rock to the side , light go out , the wheel screech to a abrupt stop . Andrew remove he earphone . ext . road to dunellen - greyhound bus - day 65 the side of the road . Andrew and the other passengers stand outside , wait , the bus 's right tire blow , a rod lodge into its side . Andrew check he phone for the time . fuck ... ext . dunellen - bus stop - day 66 a nondescript Jersey town . a new bus come to a stop , set down passenger on dunellen 's Main Street . Andrew bolt off , carry he stick bag and music folder . look around . perplex . grab a passerby -- andrew passerby do you know where all the no , you gotta call the cab be ? they say there cab . take half a hour be cab here , that 's what notice . I - - andrew passerby what ? well be there a -- they get a car rental down another bus or -- on pine . andrew which way ?? the passerby point -- and Andrew start running . ext . car rental agency - moment later 67 five block later -- Andrew dash across a patch of grass , reach a door , grab the handle . the door will not open . he go white . see the hour sign . eye scroll down . start pounding -- pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 68 andrew you be still open ! you be still open ! a man appear . gesture for Andrew to calm down . open up . 68 int . car rental agency - moment later 68 Andrew finish signing paperwork . grab he music folder and backpack from the nearest chair , hurry off . we drift back ... ...to the stick bag leave on the chair . 69 ext / int . car rental agency - rental car - moment later 69 Andrew run like mad across a small lot . reaches a car , open up and jump in . plug a address into the gps . the estimate time : 9 minute . the clock : 3:02 ... he floor it . 69a int . dunellen STREET - rental car - continuous 69 a Andrew drive fast . his cell ring -- andrew hello ?? pianist ( 0.s. ) Neiman , where the fuck be you ? call - time be 5 . andrew I be sorry -- I be on my way . I be almost -- pianist ( 0.s. ) andrew we be on stage in twenty -- I know , I be almost the -- pianist ( 0.s. ) -- and fletcher 's get Connolly warming up in case you do not show . andrew god-fuck - damnit , I say I be on my way , you tell the redhead I be on my fucking way !! he throw the phone against he seat . 69b ext . dunellen auditorium - moment later 69 B Andrew pull up . 70 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 69 int . dunellen auditorium - GREEN room - day 70 Andrew arrive , panting . fletcher glare , the band behind he -- fletcher glad you could work we into you schedule , darling . andrew I be here . I be ready to play . fletcher too late . Connolly 's play . Andrew look over to he leave -- to Ryan . andrew like fuck hell he be . fletcher look at he . stun . the player also look shocked . fletcher come again ? andrew it 's my part . fletcher actually it 's my part . I decide who I lend it to . andrew I have the folder -- fletcher I see the folder for a change , but I do not see the stick . Andrew be about to counter -- when he look down . look back . thinks . realize ... skin pale , he heart racing ... andrew they be -- they be in the car , I just have to grab they -- fletcher nope . I be warming the band up now . andrew i’1l use Ryan 's stick . fletcher you lose the part , Neiman . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 70 andrew no I do not !! you can not do this ! fletcher I can /t ?!? he march toward Andrew . loom over he , seem about to hit he . fletcher ( cont ’d ) when do you become a authority on what I can or cannot do you weepy - willow shitsack ? andrew when I earn that part . fletcher earned ? you have never earn a thing . the only reason you be a fuck core be because you misplace a folder . the only reason you be in Studio Band be because I tell you what I have be ask for in nassau . andrew bullshit . I be in Studio Band because -- ryan why do not you back off , bro ? andrew fuck you , johnny Utah . turn my page . fletcher you realize I can cut you anytime I feel . andrew you would have cut I by now . fletcher try I you weasel . at 5:30 , that 's in eleven minute , my band be on-stage . you be not there with you own stick , or you show up and make a single mistake -- a single one -- and I 'il send you back to nassau Band to turn page until you graduate or drop out . for extra kick , I will spread the word on just how you become a Studio Band core , and by the time my sewing circle be do you will make you dad look like a success story . ( let that linger , then , ) or I can give '' johnny Utah '' the part and we will leave it at that . you choice . 70a 70b 71 71a 72 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 71 beat . Andrew catch sight of Carl , stand in the back , watch -- and almost smile . he turn back to fletcher -- andrew it 's my part . I will be on the stage . fletcher that 's 10 minute 50 second leave , you pathetic pansy - ass fruit-fuck . Andrew turn . bump into Ryan , push he out of the way , run . ext /int . dunellen auditorium - rental car - moment lateroa Andrew drive away . the clock change from 5:20 to 5:21 . ext / int . car rental agency - rental car - day 70b Andrew pull up at the rental agency . the clock change from 5:27 to 5:28 . int . car rental agency - moment later 71 Andrew race into the rental agency . they be still open ... grab the stick bag ... ext . car rental agency - moment later 71a Andrew run to he car and peel off . int . dunellen STREET - car - moment later 72 Andrew on the road , speed like a demon , the gps on . look at the clock . 5:30 . then 5:31 . whip out he cell . dial ... andrew it 's Neiman ... tell fletcher I be come . pianist ( 0.s. ) what the fuck be take so long ?? they be move on-stage now . andrew there be -- there be a problem with the lock on my car . it 's solve and I be come . gps voice Left turn up ahead . 72a pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 72 Andrew look at the gps . fuck . tries to switch it off . pianist ( 0.s. ) be you drive ? andrew no .. the gps beeps for the turn . pianist ( 0.s. ) what be that ? andrew tell fletcher I be come or I will rip out you fuck eye . he hang up . enrage . slam down on the gas , engine roaring ... picking up speed ... the gps say '' 2 minute '' leave ... the clock turn 5:32 ... the speedometer shoot up ... up ... up ... the car reach a stop sign ... but Andrew keep go , not look ... his car speed up and speed up until it 's -- --slammed into . Glass fly everywhere , everything go so fast , as though the vehicle have just be whipped up by a tornado ... the car flip , 180 , the top crunching down like paper , Andrew spun around and shove up against it -- bleed , batter -- int / ext . dunellen STREET - crashed rental car - continuousa -- until the car come to a stop , upside down . Glass and blood . silence . Andrew take a moment to understand what have just happen . gasp for breath , he yank himself up -- but find he left hand be catch under the steering wheel . he yank , pull at it . it will not budge . smoke and exhaust fume billow up ... he tug and tug and pull and -- finally -- craaaack -- the bone of he index finger snap . the most painful sound you can imagine . he scream in agony . yank back , staggering ... 73 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 73 his hand be free . bone break , bleed profusely . Andrew crawl out of the car ... rise to he foot ... dizzy , the world spin ... the truck driver who ram into he be run over -- truck driver be you ok ??? andrew I -- I need -- I -- my -- my stick ... he turn back to the car . bend down to reach back in ... truck driver no -- stay away from the car , it 's not sa -- Andrew block he out . reaches with he right hand -- the work one -- and go for the stick bag , sandwich between the cave - in top and the seat . groaning in pain as he reach ... get it . truck driver ( cont ’d ) I be call 9 - 1 - 1 , you be go to be ok -- andrew I -- I have to -- I have to go , it 's -- it 's three more block -- truck driver ( hold he back ) Sir , you do not have to go anywhere -- andrew get you hand off I !!! he yank free from the Driver 's grasp and start running ... i/e. dunellen auditorium - lobby - moment later 73 still run , have be run for three block ... out of breath , even dizzier than before ... reaches the front green , face coat in sweat , and hand drench in blood ... almost collapse ... a couple of passersby see he , shocked -- passerby Jesus Christ ... -- but he either do not notice or do not care . he 's dead - set , tunnel vision , only care about the goal : get on -stage ... Andrew bust inside . eye scan . hear the sound of tuning ... 73a 74 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 74 omitted 73a int . dunellen auditorium - stage - moment later 74 dash in from backstage . the player have take they place , finish tuning , be about to perform . Andrew see fletcher . fletcher see he . hiding he arm behind he stick bag -- andrew I be here . I be here . I be here . do not even wait for fletcher 's answer , go straight to the set where Ryan be seat . nothing be go to stop he now -- andrew ( cont 'd ) get off . get off the fuck set . Ryan look at fletcher . fletcher wait -- then nod , almost smile . seem he 's have fun with this . Ryan slide off , piss , and take a seat next to Carl . Andrew take he place . his leave hand still hide , Andrew prop up he music and pull out a pair of stick . tries to hold he leave stick properly -- but it keep give way . with he index finger break , it 's impossible to keep the stick steady ... he look at the music : '' caravan '' ... look back at he hand ... tries to move he leave finger , mimick the stick pattern ... just up ahead -- fletcher . Animal intensity ... Andrew close he eye ... tries to block out the anxiety ... the pain ... the stress that just keep mount and mount ... grope inside he stick bag . pull out he bag of pill . drop it . pill scatter . pick a pill up , pop it , out of sight . announcement ( v.o. ) the shaffer conservatory Studio Band ... fletcher raise he hand , ready to cue ... Andrew try to get he breathe under control ... Ryan and Carl lean forward ... Ryan catch a glimpse of Andrew 's leave hand , just as ... ... fletcher 's finger move . the band be off . it explode into caravan dunellen at lightning - speed . but Andrew be already in trouble ... blood get on the snare ... ear start to ring ... Left hand barely keep up ... the whole thing slowly slip away from he ... he close he eye . mouth : '' come on come on come on ... " pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 15 a big fill come up . he need both he hand . launch into it -- and he leave stick catch the edge of a stand ... ..- and goe flying . falling and slide under the hi-hat pedal . andrew ( still riding with he right hand ) stick ... Carl stay still . Andrew look at he . but Carl will not move . panicked , Andrew turn , eye he old nassau Band peer -- Ryan . andrew ( cont 'd ) Ryan ... stick ... Ryan hesitates . do not want to think of himself as a saboteur . but he look at Carl , Carl look back at he ... and right then and there he make he choice . andrew ( cont 'd ) please ... neither Carl nor Ryan move . Andrew , think fast , eye the fall stick . try as hard as he can to keep that tempo go with he right hand , he slide down the leave side of he body , stretch he arm as far as it can go ... his break finger graze the stick ... grabbing hold ... pull up -- and -- another craaaaaack as he finger be catch against the hi-hat pedal and the bone be bent 90 degree . he gasp , almost cry out in pain . have to hold it in . pull himself back up to the set -- and there , loom over he already , be fletcher . eye fiery -- fletcher the fuck be you do ...??? Andrew keep play . but the pain be harder and harder to ignore . his snare drum completely smear in red now , he stick stain , he whole arm shaking . and that ringing -- just grow and grow , drown out everything else ... he look at the sheet music , suddenly lose ... the horn blast out a hit -- but Andrew be not on it . fuck . launch into another fill -- and hit the crash at the wrong time . fletcher stare at he . the look say it all : it 's over . but Andrew keep fight . another miss hit , then a miss time - signature change , the beat fall apart beneath he foot . total chaos , and then , finally , the sign of death -- Andrew stop . 75 76 78 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 716 almost immediately , the rest of the band grind to a halt . it 's a horrible sound , like a car screeching , nail on a chalkboard . fletcher stand in place , eye on Andrew . in fact , all eye be on Andrew . the theater be dead-silent . disbelief everywhere . calmly , fletcher approach Andrew and whisper one last thing : fletcher ( cont ’d ) you be do . then he turn around . Andrew start shaking , he eye brim -- and , suddenly , something take over inside . almost despite himself , he rise -- and kick over the drum . cymbal crash to the wooden stage - floor like bomb . Andrew charge forward -- and , just as fletcher turn to he , tackle the man to the ground ... Andrew go absolutely batshit crazy on fletcher , murder in he eye ... raise he fist , about to pound into fletcher 's face , when security guard yank he off , pull he away in a flash ... torn from he target , Andrew break down into tear . every - thing inside he spilling out like water . fletcher , stunne but uninjured , get back on he foot . his shirt drip with blood -- not he own , but Andrew 's . a security guard rush onto the scene , and Andrew , kick and scream , be dragge off ... we linger inside the theater . a hush over the audience , the player and they instrument . and then , a card : final competition of the Winter season omitted 75 omitted 76 int . andrew 's dormitory - day 78 Andrew stand alone in he dorm . stare into space . a bandage on he hand . time have pass ... let he eye take in one item at a time : a drum pad on the floor . a metronome . a dismissal letter ... he 's be expell from shaffer . a dvd . he slide that into he laptop , sit down slowly ... 83 84 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 716a a home video begin : a smile EIGHT -year-old boy at a drum ... it 's andrew ... innocent , bright - eye , have a blast ... EIGHT -year-old andrew .--- and this be my pa-ra-did-dle ... he play a paradiddle on the drum : left-right - leave -left . a cheer off -camera , a voice we recognize -- he father , jim -- jim ( 0.s. ) woooo-hoooo ! !! eight-year-old andrew glow . and we Andrew , hurt , tear up , watch ... pull the dvd out . snap it in half . toss the halve in the trash . slide the drum pad and metronome into the trash as well . tye the trash bag and pull it out . int . andrew's practice room - day 83 Andrew bust in , start break he drum down . first the cymbal come off , then the pedal , then the tom ... a look of resolution on he face -- and , bubbling up , anger ... he tear at the drum as though attack they , pull they apart almost viciously , one part after another ... then the buddy Rich poster -- which he rip to shred ... int . hallway - andrew 's practice room - moment later 84 Andrew throws trash bag into a garbage can ... head back and eye he practice room -- now empty . he take a moment . sit down on the hallway floor , the drum part stack to the side . leans back , close he eye , and take a deep breath out ... it 's do . he pull out he cell . a beat . then -- andrew ok ... where do you want I to meet you ? 77 tia pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 17 omitted 77 int . HOTEL lobby - bar - later that day tia rachel bornholdt -- lawyer , elegantly dress -- sit across from Andrew , Jim to the side . there 's a glass of white wine for Jim , a club soda for Rachel , and a untouched water for Andrew . a moment of silence . finally -- rachel bornholdt Andrew ...? Andrew remain silent for a moment . then -- andrew when do you contact my dad ? pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 78 jim they just call I this week , andr -- rachel bornholdt ( interrupt ) do the name Sean casey mean anything to you ? Andrew look back at Rachel . a moment . warily , he nod . rachel bornholdt ( cont ’d ) so you know of he death ? last month he hang himself in he apartment . Andrew take this in . fletcher have say it be a car accident ... andrew what do that have to do with I ? rachel bornholdt Sean suffer from anxiety and depression . his mother claim this start during he time as fletcher 's student . Andrew look at she . Rachel can tell he 's surprised . a moment pass . rachel bornholdt ( cont ’d ) now , the casey be not wealthy . they do not want to file suit . andrew then what do they want ? rachel bornholdt to make sure terence fletcher be never allow to do this to another student . andrew he do not do anything . rachel bornholdt so President kohn and Dean pence will tell you . to they , fletcher be shaffer . ( more ) pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 79 rachel bornholdt ( cont 'd ) but if they think we have a case like this and can win in court , they 's 1ll have no choice but to let he go before we do . beat . Andrew look at she . then at he dad . andrew well , I have nothing to say . Jim lean forward now , take the initiative -- jim Andrew ... it 's over , ok ...? he 's out of you life . why let he get away with what he do to you ? he eye Rachel . ok ...? be that the right thing to say ...? Andrew stay silent . rachel bornholdt would you characterize he conduct as extreme , Andrew ? do he ever intentionally inflict emotional distress ? still Andrew do not respond . feel he dad 's stare on he as well now . rachel bornholdt ( cont ’d ) ( try to persuade - - ) this would not be a public hearing , you know ... fletcher would never know it be you who speak up . Andrew look at the glass of water in front of he . untouch . andrew ...- what would happen to he ? rachel bornholdt shaffer will do anything to prevent this from go to court . your will not be the first complaint , but I think it 'il tip the balance . you be recent . andrew you try other student ? rachel bornholdt some -- but you guy be wall . andrew and you think I would talk . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 79 rachel bornholdt you have nothing to gain from fletcher anymore . a beat . Andrew turn he eye to he dad . anger in he gaze -- andrew why do you do this ...? Jim seem take aback . fluster for a second . then -- jim you think I be go to let he put my son through hell and walk off scot-free ? Andrew turn away . Jim can see the hurt on he son 's face . the sense of betrayal . worried , try to reach out -- jim ( cont 'd ) do not you know I would never let that happen , Andrew ? that there 's nothing in the world more important to I than you ? ( beat ; Andrew evade he gaze ) do not you know that ? a moment . Andrew look at he dad again . then he stare ahead . we push in on he , slowly -- as he drift deeper into think , try to sort through it all ... rachel bornholdt ( 0.s. ) ... Andrew ? Andrew can barely hear she ... defeat , he soul split in two ... finally -- he give up . andrew just tell I what to say . we fade out . 79 80 81 omitted omitted omitted pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 80 79 80 81 82 omitted pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 81 82 85 86 87 88 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 82 omitted 85 ext . new york STREET - billboard STREET - late afternoon 86 summer in New York . tube top , street performer , sunshine . Andrew , hand heal , carry laundry . look up and see a huge sign : '' back in NYC ! jvc jazz festival June 21 - 29 '' . we be in the lower East side -- far , far away from shaffer ... int . andrew 's apartment - live room - late afternoon 87 a new apartment . Andrew 's dad be already inside , slide grocery into the fridge when Andrew enter . jim hey , buddy . you ready ? int . andrew 's apartment - live room - late afternoon 88 blind close , as Andrew and Jim sit and watch '' North by Northwest '' on tv . we pan from a few college application on a table , past the wall -- no decoration at all -- to Andrew and Jim seat . we linger on Andrew 's face . there 's a sadness in he eye . he look tired , even after month , and resign . 89 90 91 92 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 83 Jim laugh at a line in the movie . glance over at he son , want to see if he 's enjoy himself . hand he some popcorn . a beat . int . andrew 's apartment - live room - evening 89 Father and son stand by the doorway , Jim about to exit -- jim '' Dr. no '' next week . or whatever 's play on 86th ...? andrew -.. I have rather do it here . jim ok . I stack you pantry with gusher . Andrew manage a smile . a moment pass between they . andrew thanks , dad ... Jim exit . Andrew hang back . a moment ... then , Andrew glance down at he phone . scroll to a specific number : '' nicole '' . he look at it . think . finger hover over it ... then , too scared , he pull back . pocket the phone . int . sandwich shop - day 90 Andrew make a ham sandwich , employee 's apron on . hand it silently to a customer . int . jim 's house - live room - day 91 uncle Frank , Jim , and Travis sit on the couch watch a hockey game on tv . they laugh and cheer , as Andrew sit off to the side , also watch -- he mind far away . ext . new york STREET - jazz club - night 92 Andrew walk alone , eat a slice of pizza . cross by a STREET performer -- a man drum away on a row of bucket . do not watch , just keep walk . 93 93a pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 84 we follow , as Andrew pass a jazz club on the next block . suddenly -- he stop . there , on the club 's main sign , below the feature name , be this word : '' Guest performer : terence fletcher '' . Andrew stay put for a second . completely take aback . then he start walk away . then stop . nope. turn around ... int . jazz club - moment later 93 -.- and step inside . it 's a genteel venue . on the stage , bass , drum , bongos -- and , at the piano , fletcher . the mere sight get Andrew 's pulse racing . but he stay put . watch ... the quartet be pace its way through fletcher 's song in club , and fletcher be play the final head . he 's exceedingly delicate , gentle with each keystroke , he finger move like ballerinas . his play be soft , subtle , and exquisite . he play the melody as though move by it . Andrew be surprised by this ... stays in the back , behind the last table . the song come to a close . fletcher smile , look -- and then freeze . his eye lock on Andrew . he have see he . Andrew blanch , take a step back , hurry for the exit . but there 's a person block the way . tries to squeeze through -- drummer ( 0.s. ) that be terence fletcher , on the key ... more applause . Andrew , hemmed in , keep try to get out -- fletcher Neiman . Andrew stop . turn . fletcher be stand right there . a moment of silence . Andrew be pale . but fletcher 's face be a blank . andrew +. - hi ... smash CUT to : int . jazz club - night 93a a table in the corner . fletcher and Andrew seat . they seem to have be sit here in silence for some time . two drink stand between they . untouch . the other band member on - stage play jazz club blue , a new pianist on the key and a saxophonist add as well . finally -- pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 85 fletcher so what be you up to this day , Andrew ? andrew --. oh , just ... you know ... various ... thing ... fletcher nod . ok . Andrew eye he . then , nervous -- andrew ( cont 'd ) .-.. I -- I be sorry about what happen . ( then , should I clarify ? --) at dunellen . fletcher you should not be . a player 's get to be willing to fight . Andrew look at he . fletcher ( cont ’d ) you play with a break bone . after crash a car . that 's insane . andrew I be in a different place . fletcher good thing you be not in that place anymore . a beat . then -- fletcher seem distract . by people clapping along to the band ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) have you ever notice it 's never the people with rhythm who clap along ? he start clapping loudly , in the proper tempo . leans over to the table next to he , where a couple be clap off - beat , and start clapping in they face . then sit back down . fletcher ( cont 'd ) I do not know if you know ... I do not teach anymore . andrew I ... I hear about that ... you quit ? fletcher -.. no , not exactly . he look at Andrew . a moment of tension . do he know ...? pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 86 fletcher ( cont ’d ) a couple parent get a kid from Sean casey 's year ... I do not know who , I think maybe a bassist ... they get he to say a few thing about I ... that much I know ... ( Andrew try to hide he relief ) though why anyone would have anything but honey and sugar to say about I be a mystery . Andrew laugh . seem the mood have lighten . fletcher ( cont ’d ) that 's a good laugh , huh ? andrew oh , no ... I ... I just -- fletcher no , it 's ok -- I know I have make some enemy . maybe I seem to think my style be normal , but believe I , I do not . a moment . fletcher finally take a sip of he drink . fletcher ( cont ’d ) I be conduct some , though . they be bring back the jvc fest this year , get I open with a pro band in two week . andrew ( genuinely impressed ) that 's amazing . fletcher ( earn ) it 's ok ... then , look off for a moment -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) the truth be I do not think people understand what it be I do at shaffer . I be not there to conduct . any idiot can move he hand and keep people in tempo . no , it 's about push people beyond what 's expect of they . and I believe that be a necessity . because without it you be deprive the world of its next armstrong . its next parker . ( pause ) why do Charlie parker become Charlie parker , Andrew ? pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 87 beat . Andrew be surprised . he 's tell this story himself . andrew because jo Jones throw a cymbal at he . fletcher exactly . Young kid , pretty good on the sax , go up to play he solo ina cut session , fuck up -- and Jones come this close to slice he head off for it . he 's laugh off-stage . cries himself to sleep that night . but the next morning , what do he do ? he practice . and practice and practice . with one goal in mind : that he never ever be laugh off-stage again . a year later he go back to the reno , and he play the best motherfuck solo the world have ever hear . Andrew smile . nod . finally -- unlike he uncle , he cousin , even he father -- someone who get it . fletcher ( cont ’d ) now imagine if Jones have just pat young Charlie on the head and say '' good job . '' Charlie would have say to himself , '' well , shit , I do do a good job , '' and that would be that . no Bird . tragedy , right ? except that 's just what people today want . the shaffer conservatory of the world , they want sugar . you do not even say '' cut session '' anymore , do you ? no , you say '' jam session '' . what the fuck kind of word be that ? jam session ? it 's a cut session , Andrew , this be not fuck smucker 's . it 's about weed out the best from the worst so that the worst become better than the best . ( beat ) I mean look around you . $ 25 drink , mood lighting , a little shrimp cocktail to go with you coltrane . and people wonder why jazz be die . ( then , ) take it from I , and every Starbucks jazz album only prove my point . there be no two word more harmful in the entire English language than '' good job '' . beat . he lean back . let he word linger . Andrew think ... pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 88 andrew but do you think there 's a line ? you know -- where you discourage the next Charlie parker from become Charlie parker ? fletcher no. because the next Charlie parker would never be discourage . Andrew take this in . a moment ... andrew ..- and you ? be you back to play now ? fletcher not really . here and there ... the play never interested I . I never want to be Charlie parker . I want to be the man who make Charlie parker . the man who discover some scrawny kid , push he , prodd he , shape he into something great -- and then say to the world , '' check this out . the best motherfuck solo you have ever hear . '' andrew who 's you Charlie parker , then ? ( hesitant ) Sean casey ...? the name hit fletcher . fletcher look at Andrew -- who immediately regret bring that name up . why ? because , even after everything , the sight of fletcher hurt affect he ... he pause . fletcher Sean ... Sean be a sweet kid ... and with all that idiot say '' this be not for you '' , Sean do something great . very few people ever get that chance ... look off . look at the musician on-stage ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) but no ... not Sean casey . ( then , as he think about this , ) the truth be I do not know if I ever have a Charlie parker ... ( and then , ) but I try . and that 's more than most people can say , Andrew . I try . and even if I never find one , I will never apologize for try . 94 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 89 he 's silent . a look of disappointment . then , he point to the pianist on-stage ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) he 's a beautiful player , be not he ? andrew yeah ... fletcher nod . his thought drift again . a moment pass . ext . jazz club - night 94 Andrew and fletcher exit . they stand for a second . look at one another . a awkward silence . andrew Nice see you ... fletcher nod . beat . Andrew turn , about to head off , when -- fletcher look . I do not know how you 'il take this . that band I be lead for jvc -- we drummer be not cut it . ( Andrew look at he blankly ... ) do you understand ...? andrew no ... fletcher I be use the Studio Band playlist . '' whiplash '' , '' caravan '' . I need a replacement who already know that chart inside out . Andrew look at he . you can not be serious ... andrew ( try to gather he thought ) wh -- what -- what about Ryan Connolly ...? fletcher what about he ? all he be be you incentive . andrew ... and ... and tanner ?? 95 95 a 95b 96 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 90 fletcher he switch to pre-med . ( and with a hint of a smile ) I think he get discourage . Andrew be speechless now . be this really happen ? fletcher ( cont ’d ) we be rehearse next Tuesday . why do not you take the weekend to think about it ? Andrew take it all in . we push in on he , processing ... and , slowly but surely , he shock and uncertainty harden before we eye -- into resolution ... this be something to seize on . andrew I do not need to . int . andrew's apartment - bedroom - day 95 black -- then light flood in . Andrew have just open he closet door . in a stack , gather dust , be he old drum ... Andrew look at they -- heart swell , nerve racing ... cur to : int . andrew 's apartment - live room - moment later 95 a Andrew set the drum up ... newly energize , a speed in he movement we have not see since dunellen ... cur to : int . andrew 's apartment - live room - evening 95 B Andrew practice . you can tell he 's be here for hour already . sweat run in rivulet down he cheek , wetting the drum head . his eye be wide , glow , focus ... he 's back to the life ... int . judy and arthur zankel hall - night 96 a empty theater . it 's one of Carnegie Hall 's theater -- bigger and far sleeker than any of the theater Studio Band play . ceil deck with light , capacity 1200 . on the stage , rehearse , be a jazz orchestra . similar set - up to Studio Band , the player all young pro -- except , of course , Andrew , the youngest of all . 97 98 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 91 the chart be whiplash jvc rehearsal , and the band sound tight . the player reach the end -- and fletcher look at he watch . compose , even mild . fletcher Rest up , gang . call -time Sunday be 6 . ( and , as he head off , ) Andrew . ( Andrew turn ) good job . Andrew take this in . the latest in a long line of surprise ... the player pack up . Andrew , try to work past he shyness --— andrew hope that be ok . bassist yeah . you sound good . andrew thanks . you too . ( then , ) be there ... anything you work out with the previous guy that I should know ? bassist previous guy ? andrew the previous drummer . the bassist look at he : what ? bassist last week we rehearse without drum . you be the only drummer we have ever have . beat . he walk off . Andrew stand there . confused ... omitted 97 int . andrew 's apartment - live room - hour later 98 Andrew enter . eye he drum . then -- he have a think . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 91a he pull out he phone . hesitates . nervous -- but excited now . he dial . we hear ringing , he feel he heart thumping , he nod to himself , start walk forward , breathes in , and then , after a few second -- pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 92 nicole ( 0.s. ) hello ? andrew ( pace , stomach clenching , it 's be so long - -) hey ... it 's ... it 's Andrew . silence on the other end . then -- nicole ( 0.s. ) oh. hey . andrew I -- I just figure I would call -- it 's be forever , and I ... I be really sorry about how I ... I be just so sorry ... how I act ... you know ... ( a beat ; she do not respond ; he sit down , try to get the word out --) and I -- I do not know if you know -- I be play jvc this weekend ... maybe you have like to come ? we could grab pizza afterward and complain about we school again ... he chuckle . then wait . beat . nicole ( 0.s. ) jv ? andrew uh -- no , jvc . it 's a jazz festival . nicole ( 0.s. ) oh. yeah . another beat . then -- nicole ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) when be it ? andrew it 's next Friday . nicole ( 0.s. ) ok ... I do not know , I will check with my boyfriend . beat . we CUT to a close - up of Andrew as he take this in . you can tell -- the word hit he hard . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 93 andrew --- get it . ( silence ; then - -) well ... cool. maybe I 'il see you there . nicole ( 0.s. ) yeah , I '1l check . I do not think he like jazz though . I will check . andrew cool ... thanks . Nicole hang up . you can see it in Andrew 's eye -- real disappointment . Real hurt . and surprise at how hurt he feel . he eye he drum again . sit down at they -- -- and start practicing like mad . pour he anger , he hurt , into he play . the sound of furious drumming build , continue through the follow -- 99 omitted 99 100 omitted 100 100a omitted 100a 100b int . andrew's apartment - bedroom - day 100b Andrew slide into he slack . button he white button - down . slide on he black jacket . tye he tie ... 101 102 102a 103 104 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 94 int . fletcher 's apartment - bedroom - day 101 fletcher slip into he own suit . elegant , fastidious . look like a old - school bandleader . but there 's something melancholy about the sight of he -- go through he pre-concert ritual all alone ... he straighten he tie . de-lint the suit . he 's tidy , iiber - careful . he pass by he piano , pause to play a melody on the key . grab he music folder and head to the door ... omitted 102 int . andrew 's apartment - bathroom - day 102a Andrew clip he nail , apply ointment to he hand , then wrap each finger in a Band - Aid . ext . new york STREET - fletcher 's subway entrance - 103 evening fletcher ignore several pass cab , enter a subway station ... ext . new york STREET - carnegie hall - dusk 104 Andrew emerge from a subway station . murmuring to himself , tapping on he knee . the clock 's tick ... he check he phone , pick up speed , almost break into a jog ... the drumming build , he go faster and faster , until , finally -- -- as the drumming cut out -- -- he come to a sudden stop . he 's stand right in front of carnegie hall . a giant banner hang above the main step : '' jvc in NYC : jazz ! " and , keep out of sight -- -- fletcher . strol up the side-step around the corner , hide from the crowd . Andrew see he . follow . 105 105 a 105 B 105c 105d pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 95 int . zankel hall - GREEN room - night 105 the scene be more or less what we see before Studio Band competition -- only take to eleven . a rush of musician , stage hand and technician backstage , a swell of tuning as trumpeter , trombonist and saxophonist join in . Andrew stand back . check he phone . 7:28 . it 's almost time . he gaze around . int . zankel hall - GREEN room staircase - moment later 105 a Andrew peer out through a door , catch a glimpse of the MAIN hall . int . zankel hall - lobby - continuous 105 B Andrew see the audience milling . see a face he recognize in the crowd , small in the distance . jim . int . zankel hall - GREEN room staircase - continuous 105c Andrew smile at the sight . feeling confident , ready to prove himself at last . he walk back down the stair toward the green room . int . zankel hall - GREEN room - moment later 105d Andrew and the Studio Band listen to fletcher 's speech . fletcher alright , gang , listen up ! 15 second to get into place . for that of you who be new to this , it 's very simple : do well tonight , and the world will open up for you . the folk out there , they make a phone call and you be a lincoln Center core . or a Blue note signee . or a emc client . Drop the ball , and I would suggest switch career -- because the other thing about that cat be they never forget . Andrew take this in . beat . a stage hand appear , wave . time . fletcher ( cont ’d ) on that note -- break a leg . the player proceed on-stage . Andrew take a deep breath , try to keep he cool , and , count in he head , walk forward -- 106 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 96 int . zankel hall - stage - continuous 106 the stage be deck in blue light . the instrument gleam . Beyond it , a yawn expanse of black . the audience ... and a hush , a undercurrent of murmur and whisper gather steam , as each player take to the stage , one by one ... then -- applause . 1200 people 's worth of applause . fletcher appear , take he spot , smile . the applause swell up . and then -- fletcher turn around to face Andrew . he stare at_him for what seem like a full minute . come up to he , make as though help he position a microphone over the drum kit , and , lean in , quietly , discreetly , menacingly -- fletcher it be you . the light shift . Blue to bright , harsh , near-blind yellow . it 's showtime . Andrew be completely still . andrew ... be ... be I what ...? fletcher ( then , lean in even closer , ) why do you think I invite you here ? I have know it be you all along . beat . he let it sink in . retreat to he spot , smile at Andrew . then , off Andrew 's paralyze stare , he turn to the audience . they applaud . a few second later ... silence . then -- fletcher ( cont ’d ) good evening , lady and gentleman . we be go to start thing off with a old favorite of mine . Andrew , he heart in he throat , look at he sheet music . '' whiplash '' . hold he stick tight , but he hand be now slippery with sweat ... fletcher wait . more silence ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) it 's call '' upswingin 's '' . on andrew . what ? Andrew turn to he leave and catch a glimpse of the saxophonist 's sheet music . written on the top : '' upswingin 's '' . he turn right , see the bassist 's music . ditto . he look ahead . and there 's fletcher -- stare right back at he . and smile . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 97 Andrew turn around . have to stop this . can not ruin it for the other player -- but fletcher have already raise he hand for the cue . Andrew rise from he seat -- when the bassist glare at he : what be you do ? and just then -- within that same split- second -- -- fletcher 's index finger bend down . the cue . the band explode into upswingin 's . horn blast , sax wail -- fast , furious , half - Latin and half -sw . Andrew do not even play at first -- do not want to destroy this . but glare quickly follow , and he have no choice ... he play . train he ear to try to stay on target ... but the time signature be impossible to get a firm grip on ... he miss a fill ... then the time signature change ... he can not keep up ... then the band give way to rubato piano ... he stop late ... then the band surge back in ... he come in late ... he 's drive completely blind . bassist ( clench tooth to Andrew ) the fuck ?! come on ... Andrew , desperate , try to fix thing -- but he can not . slide further and further behind . player eying he . you can almost hear murmur in the audience , rise in volume ... and , through it all , fletcher seem serene . Andrew miss yet another break , and -- bassist ( cont ’d ) be you fuck kid I ? this hit Andrew like a knife . tear well up in he eye . this performance be already so far beyond save ... another miss hit . more murmur in the audience , louder and louder now , as the number veer , swerve , and sloppily stagger to its close ... a swell of horn , a misplace crash of cymbal , what seem like a fermata ... Andrew stop -- just as the band resume . and just as Andrew resume -- the band stop . Andrew 's play alone . he quickly move to silence he drum . the chart be do . and now -- the deafen silence . no applause . just the sound softly rippling and settling from Andrew 's last cymbal hit ... 107 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 98 Andrew sit at he set , in tear . fletcher stay still . look at Andrew . on fletcher 's face , the look of a victor ... as he turn back to the audience we hear ... +..a smatter of polite , mute applause trickle throughout the theater . quiet , half -heart , pitiful . no one here have ever see a disaster quite like that before . in the audience we see Jim , stand in the very back , by the door ... mortify , head for the hall ... on stage fletcher sashays back to the drum set . to Andrew , with a grin - - fletcher I guess you do not have it . Andrew be still in he seat . tear sting he cheek ... bassist do not you get the fuck chart ? Andrew look at the bassist . realize what fletcher do ... see the other musician glaring at he , infuriate ... in the audience Andrew feel the audience stare at he -- can almost make out they face as the stage light begin to dim ... seat in one of the front row -- be nicole . we see that next to she , hold she hand , be a young man ... on stage feeling crushed , humiliated , nauseated , Andrew stagger up ... ...- and retreat to the back of the stage . out of the audience 's view -- about to leave this all behind once and for all ... int . zankel hall - lobby - continuous 107 Jim run ... down the hall ... toward the entrance to backstage ... 108 pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 99 int . zankel hall - stage - continuous 108 back to Andrew ... retreating backstage ... .-.- when he see -- around the corner of the backstage entrance -- -- he father . in the wing Jim have just arrive at the entryway . look at Andrew . hurries toward he . be go to put a end to this . Andrew look at he dad for a moment , approach . Jim reach he -- -- and hug he . jim I love you . I be so sorry this be happen to you . Andrew look at he dad . something seem to click inside he at that instant . he pull back . the desperation in he eye give way to something else . Jim watch Andrew as Andrew step backward , before ... +..a pair of stage hand arrive . stage hand Sir , you can not be here -- jim yes I can , I be take he with I -- stage hand ( to Andrew ) you know each other ? Andrew be silent for a moment . still . as though it have just dawn on he . he take in the sight -- he dad , dwarf by the stage hand , reach out to he . Jim have never look quite so small to he son , quite so pathetic , as at this moment . a beat . more silence . and then -- andrew no . Jim go wide - eye . utterly shocked . Andrew step further back , as the stage hand move to pull Jim away -- pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 100 stage hand alright , sir , that 's enough -- jim my -- my son -- I need to get my son -- stage hand let 's calm down -- jim ( frantic now - -) Andrew ! ! Andrew calmly turn he back to he father and coldly head to the stage . jim ( cont 'd ) Andrew ! ! on stage Andrew grab new stick , make as though he be just switch pair and never leave , and , ignore he father 's call from behind -- train he eye back on fletcher . fletcher look at Andrew . seem pleased : this will be fun ... but Andrew do not look scared anymore . instead , he eye be glassy , hollow out -- and hungry ... there 's a rage in they that we have not see before ... this will not be the end ... fletcher ( to the audience ) thank you ... for we final number we be bring it back to ellington . this be '' caravan '' . but then , before fletcher can even turn back around -- let alone cue the band -- Andrew launch into a double- time Latin . alone , he stick beat away at the ride cymbal , set the tempo for the rest of the band . everyone look at he . what the fuck ...? he have start on he own , before any cue , beat the drum as though vengefully . fletcher glare at he . who the fuck do you think you be ? but Andrew just keep play . know exactly what he 's do and be not about to be stop . Building in he eye -- that same coiled rage ... to the bassist -- andrew follow I on four . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 101 the bassist have no choice . Andrew nod in time as a count -off , and the bassist join in . now we have get the bass and drum play , lay out the beat . Andrew look back at fletcher . drill into he with he eye -- the kind of look fletcher have so often give he . and , subtly , so that only fletcher can see it , Andrew mouth out two word : andrew ( cont 'd ) fuck . you . it hit fletcher . realizing he too have no choice , fletcher eye the rest of the band . raise he hand , re-assume control -- or try to make as though he have control -- and cue they in . the band begin caravan plus drum solo carnegie hall , play the open pattern , Andrew match they beat for beat . fletcher then edge toward Andrew . his back turn to the audience , only Andrew can see he face , he lean in and -- fletcher I will gouge out you eye you motherfucker . -- but Andrew promptly drowns he out with a crash cymbal hit . another '' fuck you '' . fletcher 's word only seem to strengthen he . the band roar into overdrive , the brass blast away , Andrew give everything he 's get . fletcher step back . Andrew just keep look straight ahead at he . unafraid now . a machine . solos begin ... trombone be up first ... we move in close to Andrew ... he look at he right arm ... it 's still go ... he himself seem surprised . he take a chance -- play a tricky fill . Nails it . go again -- the off -beat hi-hat accent that trip he up in he first Studio Band rehearsal . Nails it . the audience be silent ... no murmur this time ... back to Andrew ... we drift down to he feet ... his right foot feathering the bass drum so fast all we can see be a blur ... we drift back up ... his leave hand ... Notes pop on the snare , the tom ... both he arm batter but utterly determine , as though with mind of they own ... he breathes , breathes , beat against he fear , he doubt ... he 's in control , pour himself into he drum -- and it 's a sight to behold . like a master dancer , movement so fast yet precise , brash yet elegant ... violent , frenetic play , but there 's something gorgeous about it ... we drift to fletcher ... still glaring at Andrew -- but he face now say one thing and one thing only : this be play he have never see before . pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 102 the brass start give way to drum break ... and Andrew make of each break a stunner ... his double -stroke roll rip - roaring across the tom , he foot and leg switch rhythm , meter , tempos , then careen back into place ... all limb move in a sustained frenzy , sweat splash , mouth open , eye blaze , the whole set vibrate , then shaking , look like it 's about to explode ... fletcher turn a inch toward the audience ... see they transfix ... at the lobby door ... dim watch through the open lobby door ... on stage the number be at a peak ... and fletcher , like so many , be now just watch Andrew ... the band near the coda ... the melody , the rat -a- tat - tat pattern , the squealing horn and growl sax ... the drum push it all forward ... fletcher almost smile . be this he plan all along ...? he move he arm , conduct again ... the band reach the final bar ... the final note ... he raise he hand ... sustain the note . swing he arm down ... a blast of horn . and the band be finish . except , that be , for the drum . Andrew 's still play , launching into a extend solo ... fletcher look at he . confused now . go up to the drum - — - fletcher ( cont ’d ) Andrew -- Andrew -- andrew ( over he play ) I 'o 1l cue the band ... wait for my cue ... there 's nothing more fletcher can do . Andrew 's play grow louder , more involved , all four limb join in , the sound grow bigger and bigger ... he have effectively take over the stage -- and all the other player can do be watch ... he be the bandleader . Andrew look ahead ... past fletcher ... to the darkness ... to the audience ... he lean forward , close he eye , dive in ... stick whirling , arm and leg belting and hammer , he head bob up and down , he back arched ... keeps the rudiment go on he leave hand ... add one ingredient , then another ... then a third , then a fourth ... pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 103 keeps add and building and pile on , beyond anything he 's ever attempt ... go absolutely batshit-insane on the kit , sweat fly , hand blur , drum tremble ... at the lobby door Jim watch Andrew -- craze , exhaust , look like he 's push himself past what be safe -- and know there be no longer anything he can do about it . he have lose . and then -- one of the usher step forward from the edge of the stage . he look at Jim -- and close the door , block Jim 's view . we linger on Jim for a moment -- behind the close door , in silence . on stage back to Andrew -- at the height of intensity ... keeps he eye close ... feeling he way through this ... shoot back into the double-time ... but try to go even faster than before ... not 330 ... not even 400 ... try , try , try to reach that mythical place , the place where only the great live ... 410 ... 420 ... even 430 ... fletcher stand still ... his eye widen ... he 's no longer calculate ... not even think ... he 's just awed . murmur throughout the audience ... audible , even over the roar of the drum set ... they can not believe it ... 435 now ... 440 ... 443 ... which mean that stick be move faster than a tennis ball shot across a court ... faster than Andrew have ever move ... faster...faster ... and , finally ... ---450 . Andrew open he eye ... he 's in disbelief . the stage be he . he own it . he break back into snare - base pattern , roll around the tom , the cymbal ... fletcher be floor . turn , see something extraordinary out there , just visible in the darkness of the theater ... in the audience audience member turn to each other ... a line - up of suit - and - tie spectator whipping out phone or pad ... pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 104 manager , journalist , a&r execs , bandleader ... a few hurry out , as though in a mad rush , make frantic call ... more people peer into the theater through glass door ... on stage we turn back to Andrew -- he ear start ringing ... the noise grow with each hit , drown out all the other noise ... Andrew clenches he jaw , close he eye again , keep play , try to ignore it ... Plays harder , louder , pound away ... Andrew 's kick drum start to slide from the power of he play ... his sheet music fall off its stand ... his crash cymbal almost fall over -- but a hand reach in to steady it . it 's fletcher . lean over the drum set now -- and , for almost the first time on -stage , not cursing or snarling at Andrew , but instead -- fletcher take it back to the snare ... Andrew consider this . it 's a good idea . he move back to the snare ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) slow ... ( Andrew do as suggest ) single-stroke ... Andrew nod again ... slowly simmer the beat down ... let he hi-hat hang open for a moment ... everything go quiet ... silence for a second ... you can feel the hush , the anticipation , that indescribable electricity in the air ... fletcher look at Andrew , look at he stick , face brim with hope now ... Andrew begin a series of slow , clean snare hit ... right stroke , leave stroke , right , leave ... fletcher ( cont ’d ) up ... up ... Andrew nod ... ever so gradually build up the pace ... right , leave , right , leave ... build up the pace some more ... right , leave , right , leave ... keeps go ... speed up more , a hair at a time ... right , leave ... speed up more .. right , leave ... fletcher stand there , nodd , focus , like a coach at the critical moment . wave he hand , push Andrew on ... pink ( 9/10/2013 ) 105 Andrew build the tempo more , right , leave , right , leave , the stroke blur into each other , the whole thing sounding like the fire of a machine gun , like what we hear in the beginning ... right -left-right-left-right-left ... and , before we know it , we can no longer make out the individual stroke . they be so fast that all we can hear be a single SOUND , sustained and grow in volume ... fletcher ( cont 'd ) come on ... come on ... Andrew , goad on , build the volume . his single - stroke roll swell , take over the entire theater ... fletcher ( cont 'd ) come _on ...!! come on !!! Andrew build it further ... go beyond what even he have plan for himself -- he arm like machine , the single - stroke roll building steam and power and pin the audience in they seat ... fletcher raise he hand , beckone Andrew forward ... he and the drummer work together , player and conductor , competitor and coach ... Andrew move to the tom , then back to the snare , then back . the bass drum and hi-hat next , every part of the set join in , every limb , every component , everything building up , up , up ... it 's unlike anything we have ever see ... Andrew tear a hole through the stage , he heartbeat racing , the sweat pour from he like a waterfall , blood gush from he hand and stain the cymbal and drum-head ... everything a blur ... then -- a blast of separate snare hit -- and then -- Andrew choke the crash cymbal . a second of pure silence . fletcher look at Andrew . Andrew look at fletcher . and then -- fletcher turn to the band , raise he hand ... ... and cue the final note . the whole band roar it out , horn hit they high C 's , and Andrew roll around he drum set like a madman , cymbal and snare and tom and the entire apparatus about to burst , as we dive in close to he , he instrument , he stick , he face , all sweat and eye about to pop , the next buddy Rich , the next Charlie parker -- fletcher 's only Charlie parker -- decking the stage with a climactic crash of cymbal right as , on that very last hit of hit , we -- smash CUT to black . the end