whiteout written by jon hoeber &amp ; erich hoeber base on the graphic novel by greg rucka December 22 , 2006 scroll over black : Antarctica . six million square mile of ice . the coldest place on earth . forty -six country have compete claim and maintain outpost . the Antarctic Treaty hold this claim in check . there be no regular law enforcement . a single U.S. marshal be assign to the territory . end scroll ext . antarctica - day snow - cover hill thrust up out of a barren , white wasteland . no building , no animal ... nothing . closer : the hill be more define . row of jag peak and a craze pattern of crevass . a fine `mist ' of wind - blow snow whip about this jumble of glint ice . still closer : we track down through valley , skirt crevass , climb peak and finally pause on a flat stretch of ice . hold on this scene of timeless , savage beauty , then ... thud !!! a face , hood and goggle in ecw ( extreme cold weather gear ) drop into frame , smash down on the icy surface with such brutal impact , the shattered goggle shield pop out -- -- eye stare blankly into camera -- lock in death . it 's a man . camera slowly start to pull back to see he limb have snap at unnatural angle , the head grotesquely twisted -- bright red arterial blood seep from the corpse and spread out down tiny crack in the ice until , with startling speed , it turn dark and freeze . we pull back further and look down on the body , a bizarre shape in a spider 's web of freeze blood . and slowly we pull back ... further and further ... until all be dazzle white . title : whiteout dissolve to : ( continued ) 2 . continued : the sound of lap surf and distant seagull serenade we like a rhythmic lullaby . -- cu on woman' toe digging up soft , white sand . the shadow of a palm tree cascade over top . wide slightly -- a pair of feminine hand , don a antique silver ring on the leave middle finger , be slowly apply coconut tanning lotion onto firm , athletic calve . deep. sooth . then -- o.c. knock knock on a door . the hand stop . another knock knock . the lap surf and seagull sound come to a abrupt halt . woman ( o.c. ) ( slightly annoyed ) ... yeah ? wide to meet carrie stetko , late 20' . cargo pants -- roll up , and a exercise top . she 's kick back , but she 's not at the beach . in fact , she 's in a office , sit on a chair . a newly OPEN bag of kitty litter sit next to a plastic tub she 's get she foot in . two floor lamp stand like sentinels above she , blast she with warm wattage . a fake palm tree cast the shadow across she body . she 's pull the earplug out of she ipod -- back to the real world . the door open . lean into the room be jamie clark ( 20' ) , African - american . she 's dress in a flannel shirt , jeans . carrie do not look entirely happy at the intrusion . jamie sorry , a Professor sapperstein need to see you in biology . Said it 's urgent . carrie alright -- Jamie leave . as carrie get to she foot , camera move away from she , pan around the small office . half - pack up box lay strewn about the floor . ( continued ) 3 . continued : ( 2 ) a calender hang crookedly before a desk . each day have be mark off with a large x. three day remain unmark . last space read : winter - over , and in the space next to it , there 's a cut out picture of a tropical beach . a dart board be next to it with a photograph pulverize with dart hole over the bullseye . it 's of a candy - stripe pole top with a silver ball , surround by international flag - the South pole . carrie be stand next to the pole , smile at the camera , arm -in - arm with SAM murphy ( 30' ) . look like he 's handsome , but he face be a little more obliterate than the rest of he . CUT to : ext . mcmurdo station - antarctica - day a ugly sprawl of prefab building , power - line and above ground sewage pipe . it look more like a siberian work camp than Antarctica 's large research base and logistic hub . in the background , smoke rise from mt. erebus . super : mcmurdo station ( USA ) pop : 2137 temp : - 22° a icy wind howl , but the base swarm with parka -clad figure shuttling supplies and pack up equipment for winter . we pick up carrie and follow she as she stride down the icy , unmade street . her hood be pull up and she 's not enjoy the cold . she reach a row of building and check the name - geology lab # 2 ... astrophysics - berkley ... until she reach biology build # 7 and push through the double door into ... int . biology build # 7 - day long benches be cover with antarctic flora - moss , lichen and liverwort . they be be nurture and study by scientist who look like homeless people - unkempt beard , bloodshot eye and sun-damaged skin . carrie throw back she hood and unzip she jacket . approach one of the scientist with familiarity , who be in the process of extracting a ice - core sample from a stainless steel cylinder . ( continued ) 4 . continued : carrie ( sarcastic ) hey Fred , unlock any secret of the Universe -- discover we be alien life form ? fred workin ' on it . carrie which one 's sapperstein ? scientist deschampsia Antarctica . he indicate with a nod to a bench cover with tall grass sample across the room . professor sapperstein , young , thin and bearded , be study they . carrie okay , thanks . she cross to he -- carrie ( cont would ) sapperstein ? he look at she -- sapperstein yeah . carrie want to see I ? his face tense -- this be serious . sapperstein -- follow I . he lead she to a bench in the corner on which stand a glass herbarium contain only stalk and a few heat lamp . one of the glass panel have be smashed . sapperstein ( cont would ) they take it all . carrie all what ? sapperstein cannabis sativa . she look at he -- ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 2 ) sapperstein ( cont would ) my weed , man . I have be grow it all summer and they take it . ( beat ) it be just budd , too . he send a evil glare across the room to four glassy - eye scientist sit around a desk , munch on potato chip , candy bar , and drink beer . stifl laughter . sapperstein ( cont would ) ( glaring ) it 's not funny ! carrie look back to he -- can barely stifle a laugh . carrie Professor sapperstein , I would like you to read something for I . she pull out a small leather fold chain around she neck . open it up . put it in front of he face . carrie ( cont would ) what 's this say ? he 's not sure what she 's get at -- carrie ( cont would ) c'mon , go ahead , read it . sapperstein carrie stetko . carrie keep read . sapperstein United States marshal . she close the fold , let it drop around she neck . carrie very good . ( beat ) now be you still sure you want to report the theft of a illegal narcotic ? he actually ponder the question for a moment . carrie put a arm around he bony shoulder and steer he away from the other . ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 3 ) carrie ( cont would ) Professor ... be you plan on do the winter - over ? sapperstein not this year , no . carrie good . and how be you feel right now ? sapperstein you think I be crazy ? be that what you be say ? carrie ( pacifying ) no , no , not crazy . but this time of year , down here , we be all go a little toasty be not we ? how about you plant a little cannabis when you get home ? she pat he on the back . int . marshal' office - mcmurdo - day carrie enter . walk by a mirror . take a glance . be about to fix she hair , then stare at the reflection -- what 's the point ? we notice a slight scar on she right temple . she step around the move box to she desk , which be bare except for a thick binder label , `daily report ' . she take a seat , open a binder and flip past dozen of empty page read " incident : none . action taken : none . " on today 's page she fill in the blank with " theft of botany sample . " and " none . " a pencil fall down onto the desk before she . bounce . then roll off . she do not even flinch , or look up . just stare unhappily at the binder . camera tilt up -- several pencil be stick into the cardboard tile . she close the binder and put it on the shelf beside a row of frame photo : carrie in a marshal 's uniform graduation day ; crisp , clean uniform . she and two other girlfriend , all smile , at a bar -- she 's get a birthday cake in front of she . carrie on a beach somewhere , sit in a chair , foot in the sand -- shade by a palm . ( continued ) 7 . continued : as she lift the frame and move to pack they in a nearby box -- murphy ( o.c . ) you busy ? she turn to see SAM murphy , base commander , the guy on the dart board . there 's a awkward beat . carrie what do you think ? ( beat ) I know you be not in the area . what 's up ? he see the photo on the dart board -- saunter over to it . murphy I get a pilot at asb who think he spot a popsicle out on the ice . carrie what flavor ? murphy do not know . carrie and we be do so well . ( beat ) where ? murphy mcclain Valley . this throw she . carrie mcclain Valley ? what be he do out there ? that 's no man 's land . he take a closer look at the photo -- almost seem amused . murphy I have get a plane head to asb in a hour with some supplies for winter-over . ( beat ) can not get you back until tomorrow . he look at she with a smile -- ( continued ) 8 . continued : ( 2 ) murphy ( cont would ) you leave the dart board ? carrie no -- just the picture . dissolve to : ext . amundsen -scott station ( asb ) - day - establishing the red and white stripe ceremonial south " pole " stand surround by international flag . super title : South pole / amundsen-scott Station ( USA ) p opulation : 183 temperature : - 55 ° Ice as far as the eye can see . in the background be the base . it 's much smaller than Mcmurdo - a few dozen specialist building surround four circular building raise on hydraulic stand , interconnected by tubular shape walkway . off in the distance -- a snowcat mount with a plow , push small drift of snow off the runway onto a large berm . it 's be busy -- several other berm flank both side of the runway . camera pan to carrie with a gear bag in tow , as she deplane a lc - 130 . a half -domed hangar rise up on the other side of the plane . the main asb complex be before she . across the top of the entrance be a huge poster : 3 day to winter -over evac . pile of pack equipment be everywhere . half a dozen naked men wear only boot and face mask blow out the front door scream and yell , run around the South pole , right past she , and back into asb . carrie head in -- carrie bottom of the frickin ' planet . CUT to : 9 . int . asb - corridor - day Music crank . carrie know she way . people come and go as she stride along a corridor decorate with party balloon and sign that read : `don't forget the eve of evac party ' -- come to a office door with a small plaque on it that read : marshal . pushes it open . int . marshal' office - asb - continuous carrie enter . it 's smaller than she Mcmurdo office with a holding room that have a view window in the door . a fine layer of dust blanket a little desk with a computer and lamp on top . a map of Antarctica be spread across a wall with sub - station position mark in block letter . a window give view to the South pole . int . SMALL room - right after carrie open the door . single bed . tiny dresser . no frill . she toss she gear bag onto the bed . close the door . int . medical clinic - asb - day carrie poke she head in . a examination table , cabinet with drug and first aid equipment . a couple of hospital bed . move box be pack up . carrie Doc ? another door in the back of the room be open , but the light be off . carrie turn to leave and -- int . MAIN corridor - asb - continuous -- almost bump right into one of the runner from outside , aussie russell keller ( late 20' ) come down the corridor . he 's naked , except for a towel wrap around he waste . Sports a goatee . couple tat . flashes a cocky smile . keller well , hello marshal . ( continued ) 10 . continued : carrie keller . she leave . he fall into stride with she . carrie ( cont would ) you see Doc ? keller out back . what be you do here ? carrie check the freezer for a popsicle . keller no shit ? carrie it get call in this morning . keller who spot it ? carrie delfy , one of the pilot here . keller half smile . keller it 's he first year down here . you know how that go . my bet it be just debris , a old tent or something . carrie yeah -- probably . keller here 's a idea -- why do not you stay here with I and we will party , just the two of we . put that cuff of yours to work . carrie ... be you the second guy from the front ? keller yeah . carrie not interested . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) they come to the end of the hall . keller stop . carrie go right . int . operation CENTER - asb a large room by base standard . several window . a giant map of antarctica dominate one wall with the International station and research outpost flagge with pin that have they country flag on they . a grid of evac time of each station and outpost be next to it . a tech be change a few . another tech sit as a console , line with comm equipment and computer . other hustle about . talk into a headset be the Station manager , rhonda stewart ( 30' ) . silky white skin . irish . Long red hair tie back . perfunctory . rhonda I will have they boomerang back and pick up the load -- just have it ready . the tech at the console turn to she -- tech guy get the science lab all shut down . rhonda good , have they check all the pressure level on the hydraulics , then clear the exterior storage bin . make sure we be not leave anything out there . Rhonda see carrie come in the doorway . there 's a flash of awkward tension that both mask with professional demeanor . rhonda ( cont 'd ) Sam tell I you would be come up -- how 's the sleigh ride ? carrie Fine . I need a plane and that pilot who see the popsicle . rhonda I will have he meet you in the hangar . ( continued ) 12 . continued : a moment of silence linger as neither have anything else to say . carrie yeah , good . carrie leave . ext . back of asb - day selecting a putter from a bag of golf club be doc FURY , 60 . look seasoned . bearded . wear the only non-re parka we have see : it 's royal blue , trim with black fur and emblazon with dozen of emblem and patch from year of Antarctic service . doc in less than three day we begin winter-over . the sky will go completely black and stay that way for six month . camera pull back to reveal five newbies ( first-timer ) ; a asian , french , brazilian , danish and a american . all be stand on they jacket , shiver uncontrollably in the wind . doc ( cont would ) the sane ninety percent of the population will be leave the ice . extreme weather condition make it impossible for plane from the outside world to land . you have choose , for you own misguide reason , to stay . and it be my responsibility to teach you beaker how not to die . Doc line up on a hot pink golf ball and putt . the ball roll across the glacier in a impossible , wind - drive arc , approach a flag , and sink . doc ( cont would ) time ? the asian hold a stopwatch . he stare at it stupidly . asian T ... T ... Three minute . ( continued ) 13 . continued : doc you core body temperature have fall to approximately 97 degree . you be shiver uncontrollably -- lose basic motor skill . you be have trouble focus on even the simple task . in short , you be well on you way to die , and it have only be two-hundred second . ( beat ) put you coat on . the class struggle into they jacket . Doc assist that who , in they diminish capacity , be have trouble figure out how to put they on . doc ( cont would ) you life be dependent on you awareness of the weather . so be aware . there be a condition that arise around here know as a whiteout . do not get catch in it . wind kick up snow that 's lain on the ice for thousand of year -- can not see six inch in front of you nose . temperature plummet to triple digit . we find body less than a foot from safety and warmth . carrie walk up . Doc 's eye brighten . doc ( cont would ) class , here we have another of the many hazard find on Antarctica . say hello to marshal stetko . through a disjoint , chatter chorus -- CLASS hello marshal stetko . doc always a pleasure to see you . unlike most of the beaker- head down here . ( beat ) Social visit ? carrie I wish -- we get a job . I need you to take a ride with I . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie ( cont would ) ( beat ) might be a body out on the ice . doc why 's this crap always happen at the end of the season ? carrie pull a Driver from Doc 's golf bag . line up another pink ball . doc ( cont would ) too cold for drive . carrie swing -- whack ! the ball shatter and pink bit rain down around they . carrie so it be . int . asb - hangar - day carrie and Doc cross the interior , which house Three double prop twin otter , two snowcat , and six snowmobile . keller and two other employee be busy work on one of the otter . doc what 's you gut say about this body ? carrie my gut and I do not talk anymore . they continue , after a beat -- carrie ( cont would ) I see you box pack up . what be all that bs last month about , " I be never go back -- I will die here . scatter my ash over the pole " ? he take a beat -- doc people change , carrie . carrie not you . beat . ( continued ) 15 . continued : doc I get a card from my granddaughter invite I to she fifth birthday party . you know , I have never even meet she . carrie or mention she . a grandchild ? Doc , that 's great . doc it get I think -- I need to be a better grandfather , than I be a father . it 's time I deal with my life . I have be down here a lot longer than I probably should have . they arrive at one of the otter . byron delfy , a baby - face , African american pilot lean out the plane 's door . carrie you delfy ? delfy yes , mar 'am . doc where the hell they get this thumb-sucker ? delfy smile graciously . delfy Brooklyn . and unless you wrinkle ass have a heart attack on my plane , I think we will be all right . delfy disappear back into the plane . Doc look to carrie . doc -- I want keller . he 's my pilot . ( bark ) keller , get over here ! carrie delfy 's take we , Doc . he 's the one who see the body . c'mon , you will be fine . I will even hold you hand if you want . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) she usher he in . dissolve to : int . twin otter - airborne - same the plane soar through a cloudless sky , the sun sparkling brilliantly on the endless ice sheet below . carrie 's in the copilot 's seat , wrap up tight in she ecw , just try to stay warm . delfy 's at the control . Doc 's in the back . carrie what be you do out there ? delfy I go to evac a camp . have to fly off route to get around a storm . get down low to avoid some turbulence , and there it be . carrie notice a picture of a young boy , around seven , wear a yankee cap dangle from the instrument panel . it 's frame in popsicle stick with I love you daddy write around the perimeter . carrie that you son ? he light up . delfy yeah , name 's Nathan . carrie he 's cute . have you eye . delfy lucky he get he momma 's brain . kid 's smart . carrie so why be not you with he ? delfy the bonus pay . try to buy a house . give my boy a yard . his own room . stuff I never have . he look at carrie , all bundle up . ( continued ) 17 . continued : delfy ( cont would ) do not like the cold , huh ? carrie hate it . delfy then why be you down here ? carrie 's eye drift out the window -- carrie we all make stupid mistake . delfy tip the nose of the plane down . the ice below be break by jag hill and yawn crevass . delfy it 's right up here . he spiral down among the icy hill , visibility be poor . heavy turbulence suddenly jar the plane sideways -- delfy laugh at Doc 's nervous reaction . delfy ( cont would ) I do not carry extra panty Doc , so keep it tight . ( beat ) there it be . he bank the plane and slip down into a valley . delfy ( cont would ) Three o'clock . carrie yeah . get it . it 's a popsicle alright . down below be the body sprawle on the icy ground next to the crevice . carrie ( cont would ) Red jacket . he 's american . ext . ice field - later the twin otter be in the distant background . carrie , Doc and delfy , who have a gear bag sling over he shoulder , weave they way around huge ice boulder -- skirt small crevass . mid-conversation ... ( continued ) 18 . continued : doc ... it 's always different when they freeze . some curl up . some stretch out . some tear they clothes off . they get delirious . what be that guy 's name ? carrie linger . doc yeah . he 's lose in a storm . we can not find he , but we hear he on the radio go on and on about the serengeti heat and he wife , Janet . next day , we find he freeze solid , wear nothing but he bunny boot . delfy stop . grimace . drop the gear bag . delfy Jesus . the corpse be just ahead -- a freeze display of death . they all stare at it - the body in unnatural angle , the spiderweb of freeze blood . delfy look nauseous . doc never see a dead guy ? delfy slowly shake he head , no . carrie move up to it . take a look down the deep crevice four foot away . can not see the bottom . she walk around to get a look at the face . blanch slightly . doc ( cont would ) you know he -- carrie so do you . think he name 's Weiss . we winter - over last year with he . play card a couple of time . doc the guy who cheat ? carrie yeah . geologist , I think . Doc take a look . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) doc damn -- carrie pull out a digital camera from a pocket . shoot a couple of pic . Doc take a look up behind they . the ice steepen sharply to a vast plateau , scattered with jag boulder of ice . doc ( cont would ) look like he fall from up there . carrie pause with she camera , look up -- do not seem as convinced . carrie then where 's he crampon -- he gear ? Doc look around -- she 's right . doc maybe down the crevasse ? carrie yeah , maybe -- carrie glance to delfy . carrie ( cont would ) what 's the close camp ? delfy brit -- about eighty mile west . carrie ( look at body - soto ) what the hell where you do all the way out here ? Doc reach down and try to move the body -- do not budge -- freeze solid into the ice . doc ah Christ -- he 's a sticker . carrie unzip the gear bag . dig out ice two axe . time CUT to 20 . later a pile of chop ice be off to the side of corpse . delfy , who look very uneasy about all this , grab the foot as carrie and Doc each grab a arm . carrie you go to be alright ? delfy no -- this be the kind of stuff that scar you for life . they all strain to lift the body from the freeze ground . doc gonna give myself a goddamn hernia . they keep pull and -- SNAP ! the arm Doc be hold break off at the elbow . land on he ass . delfy turn away and puke . carrie oh yeah -- I be really go to miss this place . CUT to : a subjective Pov - through high powered binoculars be peer down at they from the top of a ice cliff . wide to see a man wear a white camouflage parka . lower the binocular . goggle shield he eye . he move on . CUT to : int . MAIN corridor - asb - day loud music . a party be in progress . people be mingling , some have drink , other dance . the volume of the music die , replace by a repetitive squeaking noise emanate through the silence . people stop what they be do , and focus on where the noise be come from , which be -- ( continued ) 21 . continued : -- Doc and carrie ushere a pushcart with Weiss ' contort , freeze body through the middle of the party . his dismember arm rest across he chest . the festive mood evaporate quickly as all eye stay glue to the horrific state of Weiss ' body . just as they pass operation , Rhonda step out with the brazilian and french newbie at she side to see what 's go on . her eye immediately go to Weiss , then shift to meet carrie 's . before she can say anything -- carrie who manage the Post station ? rhonda dinkle . Howard dinkle . Doc and carrie keep move . everyone else just keep silent and watch . squeaky wheel fade . int . medical clinic - asb - day carrie ( o.c . ) one - two - three ... thump ! carrie and Doc set Weiss ' body onto the examination table . carrie ( cont would ) how long to thaw he out ? doc carrie , let 's just bag he and put he on a plane to Mcmurdo . she move over to a sink and get a cup of steaming hot water from a tap . carrie it bother I no one 's report he miss yet . doc because maybe no one think he be . carrie how would he get out there ? there be no track . doc sound to I like you and you gut be talk again . ( continued ) 22 . continued : carrie return with the water . go to pour it on the zipper , but Doc gently put he hand on hers , stop she . doc ( cont would ) let 's ask ourselves if we really need to do this . they share a moment , carrie understanding , but -- carrie nobody want to get out of here more than I do , trust I , but right now -- we be all this guy have . she slide she hand away from he -- start pour the water on the zipper . time CUT to : cu on carrie' hand tugging on the zipper Little by little , it start to move -- then finally , ziiiiiiiiiip . the jacket open up , barely -- like slice skin . Doc watch as she try to pry it open further , but can not . carrie grab that side . she take one half , he the other , and begin to pull . the jacket open up , like bend metal -- slowly revealing a freeze , but extremely bloodsoaked chest area surround a deep puncture wound through the shirt . Doc 's face sag . carrie stare at the wound . flash CUT to : carrie' memory hit : the well define chest of a man wear a tight T-shirt . a bullet hole dead center . back to scene Doc look at carrie with deep concern -- he 's tune in . doc stir up a few thing ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : carrie ... I will be alright . both take a moment look at the body . doc you know , this mean a Federal investigation , and we be witness . we may get stick here . carrie I know . Doc look to carrie , gentle , like a dad would he daughter . doc we both want to do the right thing carrie -- but we also need to get off the ice . right now we do not have to say a word . when they find something later -- hey , we do not know . we be leave , the body be freeze , we do not have time to examine it . no one get murder in Antarctica . think about it . Dead be dead . he eye she pleadingly . carrie exactly , this be the first murder in Antarctica , Doc -- and I can not just pretend it do not happen . ( beat ) I be sorry . doc why do I know you be go to say that ? int . corridor - soon after carrie step out into the hallway . take a moment , lean against the wall , this whole thing wear on she more than she 's reveal . she tilt she head back . the second it hit the wall -- the SOUND of a gunshot ring out ! smash CUT to : 24 . int . HOTEL room - night ( carrie' memory hit ) carrie 's beat to shit , soul weary . she 's on she knee , full of blood . a man be on the floor between two bed before she . she hold she gun at she side . he 's dead . back to scene carrie refocus . pull away from the wall . leave the memory behind . dissolve to : int . corridor - asb - later carrie have a nextel phone / walkie to she ear , make she way up the corridor . move past a couple of guy load a dolly with box from a adjacent room . murphy ( v.o. ) what camp be he with ? carrie I be on my way to find out . murphy ( v.o. ) this be all I need right now . carrie I be sure he family 's think the same thing . murphy ( v.o. ) that 's not what I mean . ( beat ) I will contact the FBI -- see how they want to handle this . she hang up . approach a close door . name plate on it read dinkle -- sub - station manager . o.c. moaning and groaning -- great sex . carrie roll she eye . knock on the door . no one answer . moan continue . she do not have time for this . open the door to see -- -- a large tv play a locker- room porno where a quarterback with no pants be give it to a cheerleader with no top . half a dozen guy , oblivious to carrie stand there , cheer the action . ( continued ) 25 . continued : carrie I hate interrupt educational programming , but -- the cheering die as everyone turn to see carrie stand behind they . only fake porno moaning remain . carrie ( cont would ) I need to talk to dinkle . everyone get up , thrilled for a excuse to leave . one of they nod to carrie on the way out . last guy marshal . carrie chaplain . carrie flip a nearby wall switch . light kick on . small room . English flag . there 's a beckham poster and a 8x10 frame photo , turn backwards , hang on one wall . a large map of Antarctica on another . a proud assortment of tea bag be uniformly line up along a shelf . one guy remain . howard dinkle . thirties . English . bearded . on the heavy side . dinkle be I in some kind of trouble ? as he cross to she , he flip the 8x10 frame photo back around -- it 's of the queen mother . int . dinkle's office - soon after a file folder drop into frame onto a desktop , which be a map of Antarctica , under glass . file read : delta one one . wide . carrie open it . Three photo be staple inside . one be of Weiss , the other two have name write under they -- rubin and mooney . Mooney be a runty look guy with a mop of blond hair . rubin be a skinny , thin face young guy with a beard that have not fill in yet . carrie what be they do out there ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : dinkle collect meteorite . ( beat ) one one have a extremely old surface with low sediment deposition . carrie English , please . dinkle means it 's a good place to look for meteorite . ( beat ) it 's right here . dinkle point to a location on the map . Delta one one be label . boast a american flag . carrie I do not get it -- Weiss be no where near Delta one one . she look at dinkle . carrie ( cont would ) when be they schedule for evac ? dinkle one sec -- he refer to a radio log sheet hang off the corner of he desk . get uneasy -- can not find what he 's look for . finally -- dinkle ( cont would ) ... they have not arrange a pickup yet . carrie be not that a little unusual this close to winter-over ? he hate to say it , but -- dinkle yes , it be . really unusual , actually . ( scrambling ) I guess I should have contact they , but -- ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie -- you have be a little busy . yeah , I can see that . she move over to a long range radio console tuck up against a wall . carrie ( cont would ) what 's they frequency ? dinkle seventeen . carrie spin a dial to 17 . key the microphone , draw it to she face . carrie ( into microphone ) Delta one one , this be United States Marshall carrie stetko , come back , over . static crackle . carrie ( cont would ) Delta one one , I repeat , this be United States marshal stetko , come in , over . the dull constant static never waver . she put down the mic . thinks for a moment . suddenly , carrie 's nextel ring -- take it off she belt . carrie ( cont would ) stetko . jamie ( v.o. ) marshal , it 's Jamie . I have get some guy hold from vostok who will not give he name , say he have to talk to you . carrie vostok ? ( beat ) patch it through . jamie ( v.o. ) you be on now . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 3 ) carrie this be marshal stetko , who 's this ? mooney ( v.o. ) John Mooney . she 's throw . carrie Mooney ? mooney ( v.o. ) you know who I be ? carrie 's eye shift to he picture on the desk . carrie what happen out there , Mooney ? mooney ( v.o. ) you come to vostok and we will talk . only you . carrie where 's rubin ? mooney ( v.o. ) come to vostok . click . int . corridor - right after carrie be move at a quick pace . pass the open door to the clinic . see Doc look through some box , a glass of scotch in hand . she stop . back up . carrie get drunk already ? doc just gear my liver up in case I have to stay the next six month . carrie Murphy 's contact the fed . he look over to she . raise he glass in a somber toast . doc you be make my day . ( continued ) 29 . continued : carrie I will do everything I can to get you off this ice , promise . doc I know you will . ( beat ) what 's the hurry ? carrie go to vostok . he raise a curious brow -- carrie ( cont would ) one of the guy from Weiss ' team call . want to talk . doc what 's he do in Russia ? int . operation CENTER - day carrie walk in . Rhonda have a phone to one ear , another in she hand . look stress . she 's hover over one of the tech who be sit before a computer screen display Satellite weather imagery -- think doppler . his focus be on a vast STORM system that be head toward asb , which be mark in red neon . other station be mark as well . rhonda we be tracking it now . carrie I need a plane to vostok . Rhonda raise she finger -- put she on hold . carrie do not like it . rhonda ( into phone ) I do not control the weather -- you want to stay the winter , then do not be ready for you evac . she look to carrie -- rhonda ( cont would ) sorry , can not . all the plane be commit . ( continued ) 30 . continued : carrie I be not ask . rhonda what be I suppose to tell the deep drill ice core team get pick up in four and a half ? carrie tell they I take they plane . carrie spin . leave . dissolve to : ext . vostok - day - establishing squat Soviet -ugly building , some collapse , other with board up window , be barely visible through the drive ice . STORM line of different color interconnect all the building . carrie and delfy , wear full ecw gear , lean hard into the wind , make they way towards the compound . she 's carry a duffle bag . can barely see the twin otter behind they . super : vostok Station ( Russian federation ) population : 46 temperature : - 73 ° int . vostok - hallway - day carrie lead the way up a decrepit , dimly - light hall strung with expose pipe and wiring . gaunt , malnourish face look up from the room they pass . all stare . silently . look more like death row . delfy ( whisper ) what 's with this place ? carrie the Russians barely supply vostok anymore . they have to barter with other basis for supplies . some of this guy have be rotting here for year . 31 . int . vostok - operation room - day carrie enter a grungy operation room that never make it out of the 70' : ancient computer and steel - case radio fill one wall . one man weld equipment off to the side . four more Russians sit at a table play card and drink vodka . they all take they time look she over . carrie who 's in charge ? yuri , a big bear of a man in he forty , get up from the table . huge arm . scruffy face . bloodshot eye . yuri ( heavy accent ) who 's ask ? carrie stetko , US marshal . I be here to talk to a american name Mooney . yuri smile . yuri so many people come through vostok . be hard to remember . carrie I figure . carrie hoist she duffel bag on the table and unzip it . yuri pull it open . it 's pack with steak . the Russians react with smile and the mood lighten . yuri 's grin widen further . take out a porno -- there 's a cheerleader on the cover . yuri mister Mooney , yes . I remember now . he offer pay we to fly he off Antarctica on we transport . we give he very good price - because plane leave a week ago ! the Russians laugh . carrie where be he ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : yuri Red storm line . int . vostok - coat room - day carrie be suite up in she ecw gear , rope harness and crampon . her jacket 's open . delfy have a steaming cup of coffee in he hand . he look to she gear belt ; cuff , pepper spray , baton ... delfy you do not carry a gun ? carrie against the law -- Antarctica 's the only place in the world you can not have one . part of the Treaty . delfy do not that make you feel kind of naked ? carrie all this crap on -- I prefer naked . she zip up she jacket . he glance to a temp readout by the door . delfy gettin ' worse . minus eighty - one . wind at a hundred and ten knot . he take a sip from he hot coffee . carrie do you have to do that in front of I ? he see that one of she leg strap on she harness need to be fastened . delfy give you a hand ? carrie sure . set down he coffee on a nearby shelf . as he fasten it , carrie pull on she goggle and a face mask . they finish at the same time . ( continued ) 33 . continued : delfy ever be on a rope-line in a whiteout ? carrie nope . thought ? delfy yeah , hold on tight . delfy leave as carrie crank the submarine - type wheel - lock in the center of the door . wham ! the door be suddenly yank from she grasp , slamm open against the building . wind knock she back . the storm sing in a even dull roar . a solid white wall of wind - drive ice blow past . the light be oddly dim . crack ! the coffee mug delfy leave on the shelf , break in half , expose a cylinder of freeze coffee . it roll across the shelf , fall , and shatter on the floor . carrie struggle back to the door and clip a three - foot tether from she harness to a red STORM line attach to the side of the building . she step into the storm . ext . whiteout - the line - continuous carrie lean into the door , push it close and lock the wheel . two step into the storm , the building behind she be go . step after step , there 's nothing but the guide line and the roar of the storm . a gust of wind lift she off the ground . she 's catch by she tether and smack down on the ice . slowly regain she stance , she push onward . finally carrie run into something . it take she a moment to realize she 's at a building . she grab the wheel - lock and turn , break ice , open the door . 34 . int . outlying build - ready room - continuous unclip from the line , she close the door on the howling behind she . pull off she mask . teeth be chatter . she spin the wheel - lock of the door go out of the ready room into the building . CUT to : int . outlying build - hallway - right after carrie hit the light : nothing . no power . just a sliver of light stabbing in through a window . carrie ( call out ) Mooney ? hello ? only silence respond . the hallway be long and dark , lead away from she in both direction . she draw a flashlight from she pocket . thumb the switch , send a beam out through the dark . something do not feel right . slide she baton out from she belt . she decide to go leave . walk the hall , she try door after door . finally one give . carrie ( cont would ) Mooney ? she cautiously push it open : four stripped bunk in a empty room . move on down the corridor -- hear coughing , like someone try to clear they throat . look ahead , and determine it 's come from behind a close door at the end of the hall . it 's confirm when she hear it again . stop at the door . she slowly open it -- now she can hear heavy , labored breathing -- ( continued ) 35 . continued : -- sweep the inside with she light . it 's a large lounge type room : scattered chair , table , and a overturn sofa on the other side -- where the heavy breathe 's come from . another cough . she enter the room . inside the lounge - continuous inching forward , she get to the sofa . look over it to see a body -- it 's Mooney , lie in a pool of blood . struggle to breathe through a puncture wound to he esophagus . carrie ... my god. she go to he . as she kneel , he grab she , gasping for air , try to tell she something . carrie catch a reflection of moment behind she in he eye -- someone 's come at she . -- she instinctively roll back over Mooney just as -- wham ! a ice axe swing down at she . just miss she head by a inch , but the shaft nail she arm hold the baton that go clatter across the floor . the killer , wear ecw gear with hood and goggle , take another swing . she lunge to the side . axe miss she , but sink into Mooney . game over for he . carrie slice the floor with she light , look for the baton , but can not see it . the killer yank he axe free of Mooney as carrie bolt around the sofa , head back out the door . int . outlying build - hallway - continuous carrie blow back into the hallway at a full tilt run , retrace she step . her light zigzag . the killer emerge a few beat later on a run . it 's go to be close . halfway down the hall , she hang a hard right toward the ready room . throw a glance over she shoulder -- he 's right behind . she target the ready room door -- the orb of she light get smaller and smaller as she near . ( continued ) 36 . continued : get there . do not even want to look back -- it 's all or nothing . she pull open the door -- int . outlying build - ready room - continuous -- leap in , she spin the wheel - lock close . smack ! the killer hit the door from the other side . she spin OPEN the outside door wheel - lock , as the lock on the inner door behind she start spinning OPEN at the same time . it 's a race . carrie be door slam open first and the wind hit she hard . she pull on she mask and goggle just as the door behind she burst open . ext . whiteout - continuous carrie jump into the whiteout , catch the red storm line and clipping in as she stagger forward . glancing back , she see the killer in the doorway , then lose sight of he as she 's swallow in the whiteout . she struggle down the line , buffete by the storm , but her hand on the line move erratically -- he 's on . she swivel a nervous whirl to see -- the killer materialize out of the whiteout right behind she . he 's clipped into carrie 's line . he raise the axe . he swing . she jump back , lose she foot . Hit the ice hard -- face first . the killer tower over she , raise the axe again . carrie drive she heel into he knee , knock he off balance . he drop next to she . he reach for carrie , grab she mask , pull it off . she cry out as the freezing wind catch she face . the killer get to he foot and deliver a rib-crack kick , flipping carrie onto she back . SOUND fade from carrie 's world . there be nothing but she strain breathing . the killer draw back the axe , shiny with freeze blood . he swing . carrie unclip she harness from the tether . the wind grab she , and carrie slide away -- the killer disappear from view behind the swirl wall of white . ( continued ) 37 . continued : slide across the ice , carrie slam into a pole . grab on . ext . whiteout - pole - continuous cinch she hood down , she search the storm with no idea which way to go . carrie glance up the post . barely visible through the blow ice be sign point different direction : " Moscow 17,030 Tokyo 13,329 fiji 7,877 Los Angeles 15,641 " she pull herself up and head out , lean into the wind . carrie stagger blindly , try to protect she face . falling , she get up , and struggle on . her drunken gait increase as she continue to lose heat . a rope catch she in the neck . it 's another storm line . ext . whiteout - second line - continuous carrie lurch forward , hold the line with one arm . finally , she bump into something . it move . it turn to face she . it's the killer again . he swing . she deflect the blow with she free arm , and manage to grab the axe head . the killer tear the axe free , take carrie 's glove with it . he swing again , but carrie pull hard on the rope , throw he off balance . the axe cut through the line . the killer hit the ground , and be immediately ushere away in the wind , as carrie , cling to the rope , slide over the ice like a pendulum . the line go tight ; she 's jerk to a stop . it take everything she 's get to get to she foot . she slowly struggle up the line . ext / int . storage shed - continuous more dead than alive , carrie stumble against the door and grab the wheel - lock with both hand . unable to bend the freeze finger of she leave hand around the wheel , she struggle to turn it . finally it give . ( continued ) 38 . continued : the door swing wide and she stumble in . but she 's catch ; she bare hand freeze to the metal . ripping it free , she scream be lose to the wind . carrie fall , collapse against the door . blackout smash CUT to int . motel 6 - bathroom - night ( carrie' memory hit ) a single bulb above cast a cone of light down onto carrie , who 's lean against a sink , stare at herself in a mirror . she look stress . her marshal 's badge dangle around she neck . wear a shoulder harness . the bathroom door behind she be open . she catch a reflection of a shadow move across the room behind she . body tense . as she turn -- carrie Jack ? no answer . she withdraw a 9 mm from she harness -- ease toward the door . gun ready , she roll she back around the jam -- wham ! carrie 's blindside by a fist that drive she into the other door jam . before she can recover -- a guy , dark eye , unshaven , grab she by the hair and run she head first into the bathroom mirror . smash . it 's brutal . shard fall into the sink , as carrie 's right temple go bloody . she drop to the floor -- carrie' Pov - a blurry figure stand over top of she . she 's still get some fight in she -- hand lash out in a frenzy , like a cat in water . carrie ( cont would ) Jack ! delfy o.c . wo will will . it 's okay , it 's okay . the figure materialize around she . it 's delfy , hold she down . ( continued ) 39 . continued : carrie slowly settles , then she 's out again . time CUT to : int . operation room - vostok - later she 's lie on a table , wrap in blanket . a old , wrinkle face russian man slowly lower she wounded hand -- pale white and miss some skin , back into a tray of water next to she . her silver ring glisten under the florescent light . a huge bruise run across she arm . carrie what happen ? delfy when you do not come back -- we go look for you . found a dead guy in the other building -- that Mooney ? carrie yeah . someone get to he before I do . then go after I . ( beat ) how long be I out ? delfy a couple hour . carrie 's eye drift to the old man next to she . delfy ( cont would ) he 's be look after you . he flash a smile of crooked , yellow tooth . carrie thanks . as she start to sit up , he protest , say something in Russian . she ignore he . he walk away , mumble something else . she sit up . lift she hand out of the water -- finger be slow move . carrie ( cont would ) I need to get back in there . 40 . int . outlying build - hallway - day delfy and carrie , with she hand bandage , both slice the dark with flashlight . she 's start to get she bearing back . delfy whoever it be , could have fly out after the storm break . they walk a few silent beat , then -- delfy ( cont would ) who 's Jack ? it 's a moment before she respond -- carrie let it go , delfy . he let it go . they enter the lounge same as before . carrie go to the over-turn sofa . move she light around -- search . pass over the blood on the floor . delfy until I meet you , I have not see any dead people . now I be at two . carrie get on she knee -- look under the sofa . low angle she light . something reflect . reaches in . retrieve she baton -- int . outlying build - hallway - right after just as carrie and delfy leave the lounge , she perifocal vision pick up a wisp of light from a flashlight , which ble out from a door 's threshold halfway down the hall . delfy 's eye go wide -- carrie 's finger go to she mouth - shhhhh . she instinctively pull she baton with she leave hand , but it hurt . she shift it to the other . she turn off she light . delphy do the same . motion for he to stay put . ( continued ) 41 . continued : she head to the source , keep she baton ready and she back tight to the wall . get to the edge of the door . it 's open just slightly -- look in . see a man in a ecw jacket with he back to she , hold a flashlight in one hand and digging through a duffle bag with he other . item be strewn . another bag have be completely turn inside out . she enter . baton cocked . carrie unless you want you head crack , I would not move . his body tense . man take it easy . carrie -- let I see you hand . he slowly raise they . carrie ( cont would ) now turn around . he do . he 's a guy in he 30' . although he 's clean shaven , there 's a rugge edge about he . carrie ( cont would ) who be you ? delfy come up behind she . man Robert pryce . I be a United Nations observer for the oceanic and Antarctic section . if you relax , I have get my id . carrie let 's see it -- slowly . as he reach into he liner -- pryce you must be stetko -- this throw she . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) pryce ( cont would ) I be head to asb to talk to you about Weiss when I be tell you have come up here . he hold out he id for she . as she read -- carrie how do you know about Weiss ? pryce FBI notify we . you base commander call it in . carrie lower she baton . he stand . pryce ( cont would ) I think I might find answer in he gear , but there 's nothing here but clothes . carrie this be part of a crime scene . pryce I realize that , but consider the time constraint we be up against , let 's be honest , taping and bag everything be not go to be a option . carrie I will be sure to let the U.N. know if I find out anything . she start to walk away -- he follow , he 's not do at all . delfy bring up the rear . pryce you head out to Delta one one ? carrie maybe . pryce I will grab my bag . she stop . carrie do not take this personally , but I do not need you help . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 3 ) pryce if they have be digging out there , that 's a direct violation of the United Nations treaty . we think they be digging . that make it my business . this stop she -- digging ? carrie you do not dig for meteorite . pryce and you do not get kill for they either . this be now a U.N. matter . I be within my rights to commandeer you pilot and plane if I have to . delfy he can , you know . she know and she patience be run thin . carrie Fine . but this be my investigation , understand ? if you obstruct it in any way , I will have you detain . she continue with pryce next to she . pryce Fine . ( beat ) mind if I ask you a personal question ? carrie no , but I have the feel you be go to anyway . pryce why do you smell like suntan lotion ? dissolve to : int . vostok - corridor - day carrie and delfy be head toward the ready room . she have she phone to she ear . two Russians trail behind with Mooney in a bodybag . ( continued ) 44 . continued : carrie Murphy , listen to I , it 's get to be rubin who try to kill I . you have to shut down flight leave asb and Mcmurdo -- search for he . murphy ( v.o. ) that 's not possible . we be still bring people in and resupplying other basis for winter-over . she think about it -- carrie Sam , I think this guy find something out there at the camp . I be go to check it out . until I find rubin , no one leave the ice . not yet . she click off . carrie open the door to the ready room to find pryce stand there with a gear bag -- type into a pda ( treo type ) . pryce we ready ? carrie guess so . he finish enter he text into the pda . send . put it away . dissolve to : ext . otter - day delphy fly the plane over a labyrinth of deep , blue crevice . ext . camp delta one one - day delfy 's twin otter have land beside the camp . there be two big tent and some scattered equipment - a snowcat , a chest of tool , drum of gasoline . the sky be dark with cloud and the wind moan . a haze of wind - drive snow whip by . ( continued ) 45 . continued : carrie , pryce and delfy climb out from the plane and make they way toward the tent . place look desert . carrie what time be it ? pryce glance to a watch strapped to the outside of he jacket . pryce two thirty . carrie a.m. or p.m.? pryce a.m. carrie wonderful . ( be : tent ) I will take this one . she move toward tent one , pryce the other . ext . first tent - delta one one - continuous carrie peer in . it 's too dark to see anything . she go to pull out she flashlight with she leave hand -- stop herself . reaches in with she right , extract it from she pocket . turn it on . int . first work tent - delta one one - continuous her flashlight beam play over a litter of personal effect , then pick up a trail of blood lead to a cot between two other . someone be huddle in a yellow sleep bag on it . her body tighten . carrie rubin ? she step into the tent . move to the cot . there 's a pool of blood underneath . her heart pound . she use she flashlight , touch the sleep bag . it do not move . she pull at it ... ... and discover a pair of ecw pant -- the left leg be soak in blood . no corpse . she steady she breathe . she pull out a small baggie from she pocket . ( continued ) 46 . continued : use the end of the flashlight to chip away a freeze blood sample from the pant leg . put it in the baggie . take out she camera next . start snap . flash go off . int . second work tent - delta one one - right after carrie enter with delfy . place be light by a single dim bulb . this be a work space ; two table , instrument on top . sample container pile everywhere . numerous photo of meteorite be stick to a board . she find pryce read the crew 's DAILY log . pryce anything ? carrie someone 's leave leg take a hit , lose a lot of blood . what do you get ? pryce they daily work log . delfy 's draw to a bizarre looking piece of equipment ; it 's a red box on wheel with a handle like a lawn mower . a circular antennae sprout from the front of the box . delfy look like my dad 's old lawn mower . pryce it 's ground penetrate radar . carrie move over to a table with a map spread out on top . the ice field be mark off into section . carrie look like they be surveying section at a time . pryce area label ? carrie yeah -- he 's flipping back and forth through the page -- ( continued ) 47 . continued : pryce at section 101 and 102 , they spend one day . carrie find they on the map . pryce ( cont would ) 103 two day . carrie find it . pryce ( cont would ) 104 -- seven day . that be a month ago . they look at each other . carrie find it on the map as pryce move up next to she . carrie look like they hit some really big meteor . pryce how far ? carrie about four mile . pryce let 's go see what they find . carrie I want to check something out first . int . twin otter - side cargo door - day carrie have Mooney 's bodybag unzip and be examine he leave leg . no cut . no blood . she think on this non - discovery for a moment , then zip it back up . CUT to : int . snowcat - day - right after the cat' track clank and crunch as it power across the featureless ice - the loneliest place on earth . ( continued ) 48 . continued : pryce be in the backseat , delfy be drive . carrie be next to he with the map and she gps in hand . she stare at a tiny blink red light on the gps -- flash CUT to : ext . HOTEL 6 - lobby - night ( carrie' memory hit ) flashing police reds reflect off the glass of the front door of a hotel . several squad car be nose up to the entrance . patron and bystander be perch in various location , watch as a handcuffed carrie be escort outside by two uniform officer . her eye be full of tear . she 's put into the backseat of one of the car . as the door close , she stare out the window where coroner be load a body under a sheet into the back of they truck . back to scene int . snowcat - day delfy 's look at carrie like he 's wait for a answer . delfy I say " which way ? " she glance to the gps . carrie North . pryce see carrie pause for a moment , massage she glove leave hand . pryce hurt ? carrie yeah , a little . he can see it aches more than she 's let on . pryce how long have you be down here , marshal ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : carrie almost two year . pryce what bring you to the ice ? she pause , humor . carrie ( sarcastic ) the excitement , mostly . pryce everyone down here be run away from something . carrie some shrink tell you that ? pryce yeah , and that I should call my mother more often carrie and do you ? pryce every Sunday . carrie where do you plant you boot ? pryce they get I work out of Christchurch , New Zealand . beautiful country . but this -- crazy place to make a live . she take a moment , gaze out the window to the endless landscape of white . carrie I come down to fill in for a marshal for six week before winter-over . I meet someone , decide to stay . pryce he give you that ring I see ? tell you he be go to marry you ? carrie no -- just give I a headache . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie ( cont would ) I do not see a ring on you finger . pryce flatter that you even look . a faint beep noise emanate from she gps . carrie this be it . all eye go ahead as they drive on . look . nothing but a icy plateau . after a couple of beat -- carrie ( cont would ) stop . delfy there 's nothing here . carrie just stop . delfy pull to a stop . they exit the cat . ext . ice field - day all three get cold - cocked by a invisible wind . carrie step away from the cat . pryce do too . her eye scan the ice with cool appraisal . it 's completely flat . Desert like . pryce you sure this be right ? carrie section 104 . this be the coordinate . delfy maybe you write they down wrong . carrie ignore he . walk further away from the cat . Ice crunch under her feet as she keep look -- then , she stop . something 's not right . look down . kneel to the ice . scoops some up . check it out . perplex . pryce approach from behind . carrie this be shave ice . ( continued ) 51 . continued : she get to she foot . walk further -- she eye now pay close attention to the texture of the ice . after a dozen step , texture change . Ice be now smooth -- like it 's suppose to be . she turn around . tries to get the bigger picture . look at the ground all around she . realize a large area have be blankete with shave piece of ice a few inch thick -- carrie ( cont would ) they be digging , pryce . and they try to spread the ice to hide it . she head back across the area . scan the horizon . take another step forward . whoosh ! in a instant , carrie 's go ! disappear below the ice . only a four foot wide hole remain , that be cover up with a white , iced - over tarp . pryce and delfy move toward she -- each hesitate slightly , unsure of they own foot . pryce get to the hole . look down . carrie be precariously dangle in a ice shaft that slope at a slight angle . she 's manage to grasp a protrude piece of ice , but she 's fight the pain in she leave hand to hold on . it slip off . below she -- nothing but darkness . carrie ( cont would ) grab I ! pryce lay flat . reaches he hand down -- six inch too short . delfy appear from behind . pryce ( to delfy ) hold my leg ! delfy do . pryce inch closer . carrie I be slip ! pryce almost get you . carrie I be lose my grip . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) he get closer . closer . move to within a inch from hers -- -- she slip . Falls away . thing become silent . pryce carrie ? can you hear I ? delfy peer over pryce 's shoulder into the abyss . delfy ( yelling ) marshal ? carrie ( o.c. ) ... I be okay . delfy saw a rope in the cat . delfy spring to he foot . int . ice shaft - same darkness . a flashlight click on . reflect off a wall of ice with a freeze blood trail lead up . carrie get to she foot . see that she 's in a small dig out area . as she slowly turn to get she bearing , she light fall on a escape hatch of some kind , maybe three foot high . carrie shine the light to she foot . the ground beneath she be metal . int . ice shaft - right after pryce , with a flashlight in hand , lower himself down a rope to the bottom of the shaft where carrie wait . delfy follow . both take in the discovery . carrie move over to the hatch . pull on it . open easily . she and pryce hit the interior with they light . find themselves stare into ... a airplane ! int . cargo BAY - continuous off they light -- every surface scintillates with ice crystal from the freeze atmosphere , undisturbed except for recent track of footprint filing in and out -- they go forward and aft , disappear into darkness . place be tomb silent . ( continued ) 53 . continued : twisted , and strewn with large container scattered at odd angle -- victim of a intense impact . the plane be pitch up at the nose , make they foot precarious . carrie cargo plane , but I do not recognize it . delfy it 's a antanov - 74 . Russian make - - late fifty . no one 's put this in the air for forty year . carrie shuffles she way forward into the darkness , head for the cockpit . something brush she leg . she spin . shine she light - - which illuminate a hand , finger in a claw position - - as if in excruciate pain . she whip she light past the hand , up the arm -- capture the face of a man stare at she ! it take a moment to realize -- he 's dead , pin between two large metal crate . delfy stand still . stare . carrie throw a look back over she shoulder -- carrie guess that make three . she continue on with delfy stay close . her light target the cockpit door . it 's close . int . cockpit - right after carrie push the door open . the beam of she light reveal freeze blood splatter across a shatter windshield -- chunks of ice protrude through it . continue over three dead man in flight suit still strapped into seat , they break body and ghastly expression perfectly preserve . each have a sidearm holster around they waist . delfy this be not funny -- she look back to delfy -- get confuse . carrie where 's pryce ? 54 . int . cargo BAY - right after trail she beam of light , carrie and delfy climb through a thick wall of nylon webbing . enter a cluttere cargo area . ransacked Antarctic gear be strewn everywhere in a tangle of rope and crampon , old ecw gear , and box of supplies . dipping into a case of bottle , delfy pull one free , sniff , and drink . carrie what be that ? delfy grin . delfy vodka . carrie continue through the hold . her flashlight beam flicker over more chaos of the crash . huge steel tank take up most of the mid - section . spot pryce 's flashlight hold on something just ahead . move to it . carrie ( suspicious ) find what you be look for ? her light hit pryce , who be focus on a heavy steel cage welded into the airframe . incredibly strong . and inside it be a steel safe . door be open . pryce take a beat -- turn to she and delfy . pryce just answer . ( beat ) that be fuel tank behind you . this plane be outfit for long range capability . carrie and by the look of that safe , must have be transport something pretty important . carrie move in closer . see that the cage have be breach . ( continued ) 55 . continued : part of it have be damage by the crash and this weakness have be ruthlessly attack by the previous intruder until they force a open . discard tool litter the floor . pryce they put some serious work into this . there 's a pool of freeze blood near the open -- where one of the tear , jag bar of the steel cage be cover in blood -- carrie whoever get hurt , they drag he out of here . there 's blood all over the tunnel . she use she light to examine the interior of the safe more closely -- the frost on the shelf expose six round rust ring where container have be remove . each one roughly measure a foot tall , four inch wide . the plane suddenly trembles . carrie ( cont would ) what be that ? the muffle roar of a diesel . delfy it 's the cat ! crash ! -- the unmistakable sound of falling ice . carrie go! crashcrashcrash ! more ice . they scramble back through the darkness , the flashlight beam swinging wildly about the hold . more ice fall . it 's get louder as they be get closer to the source . carrie target ahead with she light -- illuminate the hatch as a load of ice drop in cover it completely . Light fade . delfy sonofabitch ! the continual sound of fall ice grow muffled and distant . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie and pryce both pull out they phone . carrie no signal , you ? shake he head no . carrie ( cont would ) someone follow we . int . plane - at the hatch - later chipchipchip ! Ice be fly . thing be desperate as a single flashlight beam propped up on a crate , illuminate carrie , delfy and pryce hard at it -- frantically chopping away at the ice fill hatch with piece of scrap metal from the plane . effort be big -- but the progress minimal . pryce this be not go to work , it 's like digging through concrete with a spoon . ( beat ) we be go to suffocate before we get out here . carrie how long do you figure we have get ? pryce Three of we down here -- 12 , 15 hour at the most . delfy look at he with the intensity of a trap animal . delfy no way . I be not go out like this . no way . the light from the flashlight slowly begin to fade . carrie go over to the crate , slap it against she leg , try to get more juice go . still fade . Light go out -- -- screen go black . can not see a thing . a second later , another light kick on -- pryce be hold it . hand it over to carrie -- ( continued ) 57 . continued : delfy ( cont would ) and when that one go -- we be screw . carry mind whirl with she lack of option , then -- carrie what about the vodka -- we could make some torch , maybe melt the ice ? pryce Fire will burn the o2 quick . carrie what choice do we have ? pryce know she 's right . delfy look to they both . desperate . delfy do not need my vote . pryce head to the back , he body become barely visible in the dissipate range of light . carrie take a six -inch , pearl handle Buck knife from a pocket , unfold it -- start cut the liner of she coat . delfy move to a nearby wooden crate . go to lift it , but it 's freeze to the floor . stomp on it . it break . pull piece from the siding for torch stick . pryce come back with a couple bottle . stop dead in he track . carrie look over to see he stare at two life jacket attach to the wall near the hatch . he 's think . he move to carrie -- pryce hold this . he exchange the bottle for she flashlight . he shine the light to the ceiling as he head toward the back , leave carrie and delfy get swallow in the dark . carrie what be you do ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) pryce all this plane use to have bail - out hatches . carrie we come in through it . pryce go back into the cargo area . pryce ( o.c. ) have to be more than one . delfy it would be on the ceiling in case of a ocean landing . carrie watch pryce 's flashlight move about in the cargo area of the aircraft . pryce found it ! carrie and delfy get to pryce . they follow he beam straight up to expose a escape hatch in the roof of the fuselage . pryce ( cont would ) with the angle of the plane , I do not think we be that far from the surface . give I a hand . pryce move to a large crate -- start to push it over . they join , slide it over below the hatch . he jump up onto it -- examine the hatch area . pryce ( cont would ) this be explosive bolt . if we blow the hatch , maybe it will smash a hole up through the ice . carrie or , if the ice be too thick the blast will come right back at we . pryce we can be blow up , suffocate or freeze to death . take you pick . pryce hand carrie the flashlight . she target the hatch area as he open a electrical panel beside it ; a crisscross maze of wire . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 3 ) as he reach up to examine the wiring , carrie catch a glimpse of a shoulder harness under he liner . pryce ( cont would ) this could work -- give I the battery from you phone . as he look down , carrie mask she discovery . hand over she phone . he extract the battery . pryce ( cont would ) when I connect this two wire , hopefully there 's go to be a big bang . May want to take some cover . pryce be nervous himself as he place one select wire onto the battery , and prepare for another . he look to carrie and pryce who have back up against the fuselage . pryce ( cont would ) you guy ready ? delfy nod . carrie be still run that shoulder holster through she head . pryce touch the last wire to the battery . nothing happen . hope freeze . pryce try again -- -- ka - boom ! the hatch explode inward , ricochete around the inside of the cargo hold like a giant bullet come in and out of they light . slam , slam , slam , until ... wham , it bury itself edge - on , halfway into the fuselage , miss carrie by a hair 's width . they stand there , deafen and stunne , then a shower of ice rain into the plane where the hatch use to be and a thin shaft of light drop into the cargo bay like a gift from God . delfy hallelujah -- pryce drop down . move to another crate . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 4 ) pryce delfy , help I with this . we will need to get up higher . delfy move forward to help . the two of they push it over . it 's a strenuous lift to get it on top of the other . just as they finish , pryce turn to find himself face carrie hold one of the russian' gun to he face . carrie do not move . pryce stare at she in disbelief . pryce what 's go on ? delfy yeah -- what be you do ? carrie we friend here be not who he say he be . she reach into pryce 's liner , pull out he sidearm from the shoulder holster . switch it with the one in she hand . put the Russian gun in she coat pocket . carrie ( cont would ) do not you know it 's a direct treaty violation to carry a firearm down here ? pryce I have be authorize because of what 's happen . carrie stop lie to I -- she take out she handcuffs . carrie ( cont would ) delfy , cuff he to the wall . she hold out the cuff . pryce do not do this . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 5 ) delfy man , the guy just save we life ... carrie he be save he own . do it . delfy take the cuff from she . cuff pryce to some expose piping . carrie lower she gun . carrie ( cont would ) you know what be in that safe . ( beat ) now , who be you ? she see a moment of contemplation on pryce 's face -- carrie ( cont would ) I swear I will leave you here to die . beat . pryce CIA . carrie have you get a id for that too ? pryce listen to I -- forty eight hour ago , we pick up chatter between someone down here and tahir soufian , a black market trader in New York . it be all about set up a buy for cannister find in a old Russian transport bury in the ice . delfy damn , I know that government eavesdropp be true . pryce there 's be rumor for year that the Russians have a second base -- a secret weapon research facility under the ice that supposedly blow up in the late sixty -- nothing be ever confirm . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 6 ) pryce ( cont would ) the fact be , before the treaty in `72 they be strip mining all over the place down here -- we believe for uranium and other specialize mineral for weapon 's use . it be the cold War . no one know half the thing the Russian 's be up to . this plane could be the link between rumor and truth . and if it be true , what 's in that cannister could be a prelude to another terrorist attack . carrie why do you lie to I ? pryce look , the U.N. carry a lot of weight down here . think about it - - if I have tell you I be c.i.a. , you would have be on the horn back to Washington in no time . this be a very sensitive matter . News travel fast down here , I do not have to tell you that . ( beat ) besides , I do not know if I could trust you . carrie wrestle with she emotion . she look back towards the open safe , the blood stain the airplane floor . make a decision . CUT to : ext . surface - day delfy wriggle out from the hole . he reach back . help carrie to the surface . pryce follow . they look around . the weather have deteriorate - the sky be dark with fast move cloud . the wind be howling . the snowcat be park over the hole , blade lower . delfy run over , jump onto the cat . look inside the cab . delfy key be still in it ! carrie notice a single set of a airplane 's ski track in the distance . ( continued ) 63 . continued : carrie plane could have go anywhere . there 's forty - six country here all count down to winter-over . rubin could just disappear in the mayhem . delfy start up the cat . carrie pull out she nextel as pryce take out he pda . she depress the walkie button -- make she way to the cat . carrie ( cont would ) Rhonda ? walkie crackle . rhonda ( v.o. ) ( pissed ) where the hell be you ? carrie head back . how many fly -in to Mcmurdo in the last four hour ? rhonda ( v.o. ) you expect I to -- carrie ( snap ) -- how many ? rhonda ( v.o. ) Fifteen . carrie I need a list of name . carrie click off . delfy you think rubin might try to leave out of Mcmurdo ? carrie he know I be on he ass , so he might . anything 's possible . I want to eliminate he option . she massage she glove hand . look to pryce who 's talk on he pda as he head toward the cat . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) pryce ( into phone ) six cannister , maybe four inch in diameter , about a foot high -- find out exactly what the Russians transport in something that size . he look to carrie -- pryce ( cont would ) you have a photo of rubin anywhere ? carrie back at asb -- pryce ( to delfy ) how long to get there ? delfy when we get back to the plane , I will get ya there in forty minute . as pryce climb into the cat -- int . snowcat - continuous and slide into the back -- pryce ( into phone ) I will scan a picture of he and get it to you . meanwhile , contact every non - american base down here and put they on watch . he 's get some plan to get this off the ice . he hang up . carrie climb in -- look back at the plane 's ski track . carrie I know why Weiss be so far from Delta one one . pryce and delfy wait for the answer . carrie cont would ) he be dumped from a plane . ( continued ) 65 . continued : she close the door to the cat . dissolve to : int . corridor - asb - day carrie stride along the corridor with pryce . they pass a window where we see that a lc-13o evac plane be park out front -- it 's tail section open like the mouth of a massive beast . move past several people , balloon and ` Eve of evac ' sign . pryce see carrie really cradling she leave hand , now . pryce you need to get that look at . carrie I will have the Doc take a peek when we be do . dinkle 's pull a duffle bag toward they . see carrie and pryce about to head up some stair . dinkle Murphy 's look for you . carrie stop . carrie Murphy ? what the hell be he do here dinkle come in on the evac . she pull dinkle 's two - way off he hip . hand it to pryce . dinkle ( cont would ) hey -- I do not turn that in , I have to pay for it . carrie ignore he . carrie I be on 30 if you need I . rubin 's picture be in a file on my desk . dinkle shoot pryce the stink eye as he walk away -- dinkle make sure I get that back . ( continued ) 66 . continued : pryce of course . pryce head up as carrie continue on down the main corridor . int . operation CENTER - asb - day Murphy and Rhonda be stand next to the comm tech , who be sit in front of he computer . the screen revealing the satellite imagery of the storm it 's grow and move closer to asb . tech it 's pack wind of a hundred thirty knot . Murphy look stress . murphy shit -- we have get to move up the evac . rhonda how much ? murphy six hour at least . rhonda Jesus , I get crew that 's still not in . murphy then get they in ! Rhonda be throw off by he tone -- carrie ( o.c . ) you want to see I ? Murphy look over . see carrie come in through the door . murphy where the hell have you be ? she do not like he tone -- carrie buried under 2 ton of ice . you ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : murphy do I a favor , you find any more body , mind not parade they down the main corridor . I have get newbie afraid to winterover , for chirstsake . they want out on seat I do not have . and next time you want to take a goddamn plane anywhere , you ask I . carrie sure thing , Chief . murphy we do not have enough supplies for all of we to winter- over if we get stick down here . ( beat ) and you wonder why it do not work out between we . carrie it do not work , Sam , because you could not keep you hand off every new woman who step foot on the ice down here . I be stupid enough to be one of they . now if you could cut through you red tape for just one second , you would realize that someone 's out there with six cannister , possibly full of uranium , and he want to get it into the hand of some very bad people . and I be try to stop it -- so fuck ask you for shit , Sam . murphy this be ridic --- the SOUND of a large book drop onto the floor , send a harsh reverb across the room . doc ( o.c. ) enough ! everyone 's attention go to Doc stand at the door . he 's really piss . glare at Murphy . doc ( cont would ) what the hell 's wrong with you , Murph ? I have get body pile up in my lab , and she 's the only one do anything about it . ( more ) ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) doc ( cont would ) ( beat ) why do not you try help she for a change ? Murphy look at Doc . not give in . carrie calm down -- she 's have enough . carrie you know what Doc , it 's alright . carrie look to Rhonda -- carrie ( cont would ) you get my list ? Rhonda pull it from she clipboard . hand it to she . carrie walk out with doc. CUT to : int . MAIN corridor - asb - continuous a subjective Pov - watch carrie and Doc from behind the crack of a door as they walk down the main corridor and right by . CUT to : int . medical clinic - asb - later carrie 's sit on the edge of a examination table as Doc slowly unwrap she bandage hand . she wince from the pain . doc I be worried about you . be it go to take another attempt on you life to get you to finally slow down ? she look at he warmly -- carrie you worry too much -- but it 's what I like about you . Doc smile , continue to unravel the gauze - carrie ( cont would ) Doc , do you notice if Weiss have a wound on he leave leg ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : doc I stripe he down to put he in a bodybag . there 's only the puncture from the axe . no way , I would have notice it . why ? carrie then it 's gotta be rubin . ( beat ) I do not know . doc any word from the FBI ? carrie there 's no way they be gonna make it . not with that storm come in over the peninsula . the gauze finally come off , revealing she middle two finger have turn completely black along with part of the flesh of she palm . her ring look strangely out of place . carrie ( cont would ) oh God . Doc reach over to a nearby drawer -- take out a sterilize syringe packet . doc Jesus , carrie , how long do you let this go ? he open up the packet . carrie when do I go to vostok ? Doc put the tip of the needle onto she blacken flesh . doc feel that ? he push hard -- penetrate the skin . we see the worry begin to elevate further on carrie 's face . carrie no . Doc try the needle in another location . doc now ? ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 2 ) slowly shake she head . he hold she gaze evenly . doc ( cont would ) I have to amputate you middle two finger . carrie ( stunned ) no way . do not tell I that . doc the finger be dead , carrie . if I do not do it now , gangrene will set in . you will lose you hand . carrie be sicken . doc ( cont would ) I be sorry . dissolve to : int . medical clinic - later carrie sit in sullen silence , the room dark around she . the only light bounce in from a sterile , drape area where Doc work on she hand . she can not watch as he curve suture and thread , rise and fall with every stitch he make . carrie have she attention on bloody gauze pile up in a tray -- smash CUT to carrie' memory hit : a image she saw earlier : the well define chest of a man wear a T-shirt . a bullet hole ooze dead center . this time we stay there a little longer , watch the T-shirt absorb the blood around the wound . as the stain widen , so do the camera ... slowly ... bring into picture the man carrie shot . he 's wear a marshal' badge around he neck . doc ( o.c. ) there , finish . back to scene carrie look at he , sullen , afraid to look down . then slowly let she eye drift to she hand . doc ( cont would ) it 's go to be a adjustment . ( continued ) 71 . continued : he rise . go to a medicine cabinet . select a pill bottle . shake it . only a couple inside . he return with the pill bottle . doc ( cont would ) should ease the pain . I will look around , dig some more up for you . she stare at the vacant spot where she finger use to be . dissolve to : int . carrie' bedroom - asb - day carrie 's bag be open on the bed with the Russian 's gun next to it . she 's try to put on a clean flannel over a T-shirt , but can not button it up with only one hand . her frustration mount as she fight back every bit of emotion that 's try to get out . she finally give up -- kick over a nearby chair that sweep the stuff off she bed . bag and gun go fly . carrie slump to the floor . Silent tear . after a beat -- she notice pryce stand in the doorway with some paper in he hand . he 's look at she compassionately . pryce I stop by the clinic ... Doc tell I . carrie nod , pull herself together , swallow she emotion . carrie pretty tough marshal , huh ? he enter . hold out she ring for she . carrie ( cont would ) ( hold up hand with miss ring finger ) if you come to propose , now 's not really a good time . he join she . hand over she ring . take a seat next to she . ( continued ) 72 . continued : carrie ( cont would ) anything ? pryce get rubin 's face all over Antarctica , but nobody 's see he yet . they sit in silence together for a moment . carrie see the Russian pistol that 's end up on the floor close by . pick it up . examine it like a relic . carrie ... you ever kill anyone ? pryce ... unfortunately . carrie anyone you ever trust ? pryce no . beat . carrie I have not hold a gun in my hand for over two year . ( laughing ) be not suppose to need one down here . she look at he -- carrie ( cont would ) you ask what I be run away from ... I come down here to forget my partner , Jack . think it would be better than any therapy . pryce what happen ? carrie we be on a stakeout at a holiday Inn in Miami , wait for this buy to go down . I be excited , we would be after this trafficker for a long time . think this bust would be my big chance to impress the brass . anyway , guy 's a no show . one hour go by , then two - - nothing . ( more ) ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie ( cont would ) then Jack start act strange . next thing I know my face be be ram into a mirror . my own partner be try to kill I . turn out the whole bust be a set up from the start . Jack be dirty , work with the guy we be after . beat . carrie ( cont would ) four year together . I know thing about he that he wife do not even know . ( beat ) but he be my partner and I kill he that night . there 's no change that . pryce take it all in . not the story he expect . carrie ( cont would ) Marshall service clear I -- rule it self - defense , but I have a real hard time get over the betrayal -- how little my life mean to a guy I be willing to take a bullet for . carrie shift in she chair . leans forward . carrie ( cont would ) know what the kicker be -- Jack think I be close to figure he out . think this hotel room be the best place to get rid of I -- make it look like a bust go bad . Truth be , I have no idea . ( angry ) God , I be young and stupid , and in way over my head . she stand . pryce join she . carrie ( cont would ) you ask I why I smell like suntan lotion -- Jack wear aramis , this cheap after- shave he wife give he . some of the guy down here wear it -- suntan lotion be the only thing that keep I from smell it . ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 3 ) she notice the papers he 's hold ; fax photo of three different type of cannister with russian writing on they . carrie ( cont would ) what do ya get there ? he show they to she . one-by-one . pryce it 's what the Russians use to transport weapon grade material in . they match the dimension inside the safe . we be look for six of this . as carrie study they -- pryce ( cont would ) langley 's think it might be hexafluoride , which be a derivative of uranium . it 's a component for nuclear detonation . carrie this beaker where really in over they head . the radio on pryce 's hip -- crackle ... rhonda ( v.o. ) dinkle , it 's Rhonda -- pryce smirk . pryce I better get this back to he . and we have to find rubin . carrie think you can you help I with this button , first ? pryce sure . he move closer . start to button she up . pryce ( cont would ) for what it 's worth -- I think you be pretty tough , Marshall . CUT to : 75 . int . marshal' office - asb - right after carrie enter . Light stream in through the window hit she tired face . she reach for the light switch on the nearby wall -- -- a hand grab hers -- -- aggressively yank she away from the open door . it 's kick close as she 's draw backwards into a man 's embrace . a knife 's bring to she neck . man ( raspy , deep ) ... you stetko ? carrie nod -- slide she hand toward she pocket ... man ( cont would ) do not ... she stop . carrie who be you ? he slowly turn she around to face he . -- it 's rubin , but he look beat to shit . deep crack slice across he bloody , chap lip . peel skin flake on he face . desperate , despondent eye . shaky , frostbitten finger . he 's have a hard time hold it together as he can barely get the word out ... rubin -- do Mooney talk to you ? I do not hear from he -- he be suppose to call I after you talk . carrie 's confuse . carrie Mooney 's dead . his eye well . rubin no ... carrie and so 's Weiss . ( continued ) 76 . continued : he nod - he know . rubin and I be next , I know it . carrie it 's okay , you be safe , just put the knife down . his shaking hand slowly lower it -- she breathes a little easier . he set it down on a empty book shelf next to he . carrie ( cont would ) who 's after you ? where be the cannister ? he stare off blankly -- rubin Weiss do not want to go through with it . oh God . how do we let this happen ? carrie rubin -- I need you to focus for I . he try . look at she through tired , pinch eye -- he 's try . o.c. knock . knock on she door . rubin be spook . glare at she -- scared . like a cage animal . doc ( o.c. ) carrie , it 's Doc -- get that painkiller . carrie it 's okay , he 's a doctor , he can help you . it fall on deaf ear -- he go for the knife . she try to stop he . rubin shove she aside , throw she against a chair . she topple backwards . he whip open the door , drive a unexpected shoulder into Doc , who get nail so hard , he go stumbling back up against the wall behind he . take the wind right out of he . pill all over the floor . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) rubin dash off down the hallway -- it 's a effort . carrie appear at the door . catch a glimpse of rubin disappear down a set of side stair . carrie ( cont would ) you alright ? Doc nod . she take off after he , pull she phone off she hip . at the stair she take two at a time -- key the two - way ... carrie ( cont would ) pryce -- pryce ( v.o. ) yeah ? carrie rubin 's here ! he 's on the run . level one . White T-shirt . jeans . CUT to : bottom of stair - level one as carrie come off the stair -- look leave -- there 's three guy carry box out of a room . snap a look to the right -- -- rubin 's at the far end , slip through a doorway that lead into a interconnecting tunnel to another part of asb . carrie ( cont would ) ( into walkie ) he 's head for the Science Lab . carrie kick it into high -- CUT to : ext . asb - outside connecting tunnel - same a subjective Pov - catch interval glimpsis of rubin through the small window that run along the side of the tunnel as he dash through . CUT to : 78 . int . connecting tunnel - same rubin be move through to a door at the far end as carrie enter . it 's line with several free stand , empty bookcase . carrie rubin , wait ! int . science build - right after carrie enter through the connect tunnel 's doorway . not a lot of light . slow she pace . it 's quiet . dormant . vacant lab station . room 's be shut down for the winter . eye scan . fall upon -- -- a door across the room . a sign above read : ready room . she take off again , slalome she way around the lab station to get to the door . other side of room carrie get to the door . pull on the handle . wo not open . rattles . look in through a view window -- see -- -- a panicked rubin inside , grab ecw gear off a rack mount to the wall . a digital readout above the exit door read : - 60 . he and carrie exchange glance . carrie rubin -- I can help you ! he shake he head . she tug harder on the door . stuck . look through the window to see he 's tie they together with some climb rope . in that same instant a shaft of brilliant daylight flood half the room as the outside door be whipped open . a man in full ecw - stand in the doorway . he 's wear a face mask and goggle . hold a ice axe poise , ready to strike -- it 's the same guy who attack she . ( continued ) 79 . continued : rubin bolt back toward the door separate he and carrie , but -- -- swooosh ! the ice axe be bury into he shoulder , gaff he like a fish . the pain 's excruciate for rubin , who spin on he attacker like a wild man . bulldoze into he , drive he back out the door . both tumble down a steep set of stair -- the expose end of the ice axe get stick in a step 's steel mesh on the way down -- rip out of rubin 's shoulder . ext . ready room - base of stair - continuous rubin eat the pain as he get to he foot . take off . run blindly with panting intensity verge on hysteria . disappear around the contour of asb before the other guy can get to he foot . his assailant rise . go back up a couple step to retrieve he embed ice axe , but find it wedge so tight , it will not budge . abandon it . int . science build - same carrie shoulder the door , but still do not budge . hear footstep behind her . turn to see it 's pryce . carrie door 's jamme -- pryce latch on to a heavy supply cart fill with beaker , micro-scope and other gear , that 's tuck against one of the lab station . carrie ( cont would ) pryce , it 's not rubin -- off he confuse look -- carrie ( cont would ) someone 's try to kill he . pryce pick up speed as he target the door . Hit it like a freight train , busting it open ! cart go crash . content scatter like buckshot . int . ready room - continuous the two of they be hit with icy cold come in through the open exit door . ( continued ) 80 . continued : carrie throw a look outside -- bottom of stair be vacant . Ice axe be still there . carrie shit , rubin do not have any gear on . carrie immediately close the outside door . pryce go for the ecw wear . scramble to get a coat on . carrie join . same thing . pryce how long 's he be out there ? carrie thirty second . ext . asb - right after rubin stagger as he follow a line of storage bin tuck against the base of the main building . the blood from he wound already freeze on he shirt . the cold -- it 's kill he . body 's shaking . the sun 's reflection off the ice be blind . CUT to : rubin' Pov - -- his vision begin to cloud as the corneas be literally be burn by the intense light . he try to shield they -- have little effect . he look over he shoulder -- get a blurred image of he attacker not far behind . rubin trip . hand go to the icy ground to protect he fall . still hit hard . start to get up , but he palm be freeze to the surface . do not have time to care -- pull hard , tear the skin right off . stands . spin around in a panicked whirl -- he 's lose ground . continue to the end of the storage bin . move under asb , use the enormous hydraulic lift column to conceal he movement . 81 . ext . underneath asb - continuous up ahead -- forty yard away -- hope . he continue toward some storage container and the snow melter on the other side , where two people , clad in ecw be finish fill a insulate container with water from a insulate hose mount to the melter . a snowmobile be park next to they . he try to scream , but only a dull , raspy , muffle voice escape ... rubin ... help I . the guy -- oblivious . ext . ready room - stair - day carrie and pryce , now bundle up in ecw , exit the room and head down the stair . Split up -- go opposite direction around the complex . ext . underneath asb - same rubin 's pace be slow -- he 's exerting himself to get to the people as they climb into snowmobile with the container . frostbite be chew up he lung . he 's too slow , they take off . he cough up blood . rubin w..wa..wait . he turn around to check on he pursuer . twenty foot away and close . rubin 's eye desperately search for some kind of weapon -- anything . see the insulate hose on the snow melter . head for it . ext . asb - other side - same carrie pass a gap between storage container where several snow shovel be stick into a mound of snow -- through they vertical slat , she catch a glimpse of rubin at the snow melter across on the other side of the main building . see the ecw guy close in . 82 . ext . asb - underneath - same pryce be move under asb . pass a hydraulic support leg . spot carrie on the other side move toward rubin . also see the ecw guy in pursuit . head toward they . ext . asb - snow melter - same rubin 's frostbitten hand reach for the hose . grab it , but he do not have the strength to turn it on . throw a defeat glance over he shoulder to see -- -- the villain in ecw gear right on he ! shove rubin against the tank . grab the hose from he . turn it on - - spraying he head to toe . rubin 's clothes turn to ice . one eye freeze shut . lip go cobalt blue . he try to escape , but several stiff step away , he slow and finally stop : a prisoner in he ice-locked clothing . the man move to rubin . grab he head , and - SNAP - break he neck . rubin 's body topple stiffly to the ground . int . operation room - asb - same Rhonda cross the busy room . reaches for a clipboard hang next to the window . something outside catch she attention . rhonda Sam ! she look to Murphy , who be on the phone . Murphy and the other join she at the window . they see rubin on the ground , but the snow melter block any view of the killer . smash CUT to : ext . asb - snow melter - same the killer turn to leave the crime scene and -- -- whack ! he 's blindside by a shovel to he head . goggle shatter . ( continued ) 83 . continued : he drop . carrie pull he parka hood away from he head -- snap the goggle from he face . it 's keller ! blood trickle from the fresh wound to he head . the shovel 's courtesy of carrie , who stand over top of he . hold the shovel to he neck like a guillotine blade . pryce approach . glance to rubin 's freeze body -- neck askew . carrie be wound up . keller 's still recover from the impact -- keller I sh ... sh ... shoulda kill you at vostok . carrie where be the cannister ? keller go to hell . pryce wrong answer . carrie help I drag he over here . they each take he jacket by the shoulder -- pull he back over to the snow melter . carrie ( cont would ) keep he still . she hand the shovel to pryce , who put it to keller 's neck . carrie pull she Buck knife from she back pocket , then whip off keller 's glove . toss they aside . the cold make he more coherent . see pryce at this throat . pryce who 's tahir sell it to -- what 's the intend target ? keller shift he attention to carrie , who 's use she knife to slice open he ecw jacket and pants , expose bare arm and leg . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) keller what be you do , you crazy bitch ? keller instantly start to shake . carrie why do you kill that scientist , keller ? be a four- way split too much for you ? keller fuck you . carrie grab the hose from the snow melter . she brutally stomp on keller 's expose arm , douse he with water from the hose , welding he arm to the ground as it freeze instantly . carrie where be the uranium ? keller ( almost smug ) you have no idea what 's go on here , do you ? keller begin to shiver violently . pryce hit the sonofabitch again ! carrie release more water , freezing more of the arm . he scream . pain be too much . he cave . keller the plane , they be in the fuck plane . carrie 's suddenly grab from behind . it 's Murphy . furious . two other guy at he side . murphy have you completely lose you mind ? carrie let go of I . she twist free of he grasp . get in keller 's face . carrie ( cont would ) where in the plane ? ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 3 ) keller find they yourself . murphy what the hell 's go on ? she glare at he . carrie the cannister be on the plane . she look to the guy that come out with Murphy . carrie ( cont would ) throw he in the hold cell . the two guy go to keller , but he arm be stick to the ground . carrie kick it free . it 's painful . keller scream . the guy lift he to he foot . haul he away . Murphy look to pryce -- murphy who the hell be you ? carrie look at pryce . pryce name 's pryce . pryce look at carrie . carrie he 's with the UN . we have to search that plane now ! Murphy look to carrie with a intense glare -- murphy we do not have time . we will just search it in Christchurch when it land . pryce step in -- pryce it 's a twelve hour flight to Christchurch . anything can happen in that time . keller be here , so we know it 's still on the ground . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 4 ) pryce ( cont would ) once that plane be in the air , we have as good as lose it . just give we 10 minute . Murphy look to carrie , soften slightly -- carrie Sam , do what be right here . come on . murphy do what you have to , but that plane take off in one hour . carrie we will need some help . murphy I will send what I can . he leave . time CUT to : int . lc - 130 - day carrie be near the cockpit , search under a row of seat . pryce approach . a handful of asb employee tear through every inch of the fuselage and cargo . pryce it 's clean . carrie get to she foot . piss off . pryce ( cont would ) you check the cockpit ? carrie nothing . that bastard . what the hell be you up to , keller ? pryce I do not get it , why lie to we -- we have he either way . he 's stick here . carrie 's suddenly chill with the ominous reality that -- carrie he 's buy time . carrie race off the plane . pryce try to keep pace . 87 . int . corridor - right after carrie be slalome she way through the corridor , which be pack with asb employee carry they bag for the evac . pryce be close behind . carrie out of the way ! int . asb - marshal' office - right after carrie enter . pryce at she side . her face go white . the door to the hold room be wide open . keller 's gone . carrie shit ! pryce he 's get nowhere to go , nowhere to hide . then it hit she -- carrie he will not try . he 's a goddamn pilot . as the two of they take off for the door -- int . asb - hangar - day delfy walk across the floor . hangar be minimally light . still . Silent . void of personnel . the otter be line up . the snowcat and snowmobile on the other side . he head toward a otter . int . twin otter - hangar - day delfy reach in and get he son 's picture , which be still hang on the console . then , something catch he attention through the windshield of he plane . he see a fuel hose run to another plane -- and it 's pump . curious , he get out of the otter . eye dart about the hangar . do not see anyone . head to the other plane . discover that a door be open on the other side . take a another look around . do not see anyone . move closer . ( continued ) 88 . continued : get to the plane . take a look inside , and -- thud ! he 's nail with a giant Crescent wrench to the head . stumble back . keller leap out , grab hold of a staggering delfy . ruthlessly run he head first into a stand tool chest . delfy collapse to the ground in a heap . unconscious . ext . asb - heading toward the hangar - right after carrie and pryce , dress in ecw be make they way toward the hangar . int . lc - 130 - same employee be trudging up through the back entrance into the plane . get check off a list by the load master . toss they gear into a netted cargo area . find a seat . plane be nearly full . int . twin otter - hanger keller have the engine go . it 's loud . prep the console for flight , flipping switch -- suddenly see carrie and pryce enter the hangar . gun draw . carrie and pryce shift they attention to the plane . blade turn . they stalk forward . slowly . carefully . eyeing for any betrayal of movement . then , with a nod from carrie , they move in . fast. ready . look into the plane . it 's empty , except for a duffle bag in the back . carrie nod to pryce . motion for he to go one way , she will go another . intercut carrie and pryce carrie eyeball a snowcat . it 's door be slightly open . she head for it . gun poise . pryce move to check the next plane . eye dart to every dark corner . carrie get to the cat . Springs toward the door . Inside 's empty . ( continued ) 89 . continued : pryce walk under the wing of the next plane . spot delfy just ahead on the ground by the tool chest . look like he 's stir into consciousness . then -- swoosh !! a ice axe swing down from above , embed in he pryce 's chest . deep . it stick . gun go fly . keller drop down from the wing above . pryce stagger . keller kick he hard . pryce go down . keller grab the gun . point it right at pryce -- before he can shoot -- bang ! bang ! bullet zip by keller , who roll for cover behind some equipment . another rip into he shoulder . keller spot carrie over by the cat . she fire continually , force he to stay behind cover . the shot go wide -- she 's not yet use to fire with the right hand . keller blindly reach he gun around the chest -- shoot back , which -- -- give pryce enough time to painfully crawl for cover beneath the plane . he 's lose blood quick . carrie keep shoot . bullet ping off the tool chest . they stop . carrie have to reload . keller make he move . fire at carrie and sprint for he plane . run right by pole with a large red button attach to it . slam it . hangar door begin to rumble OPEN the temperature immediately begin to plummet as winter be let inside . keller keep shoot . run out of bullet . leap into the idling otter . carrie make she move . dash toward he , fire away . bullet plant in the windshield , but can not penetrate -- glass be too thick -- protection from the cold . keller throttles . begins to move the otter forward toward the open door . carrie dash to pryce . see delfy get to he foot . face bloody . he move to pryce . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) she get over to the guy quickly , give delfy a visual once over . he will be fine , but thing look bad for pryce . he 's bleed profusely . she kneel beside he -- pull the tip of the axe out of he chest . delfy look to the hangar door , which be nearly open . pryce ... I do not see he . his eye flutter shut . carrie slap he face -- carrie no ! you stay awake ! put she hand directly on the wound . apply pressure . blood continue to ooze . she look over to keller just as he plane exit the hangar . look back to pryce 's wound -- will not stop bleed . carrie ( cont would ) damn it ! ( to delfy ) come on . we be get he up . they lift he to he foot . haul ass to the front of the hangar the best they can . go outside . ext . hangar - continuous the two of they place the now unconscious pryce to the ground . carrie grab delfy 's hand . put they directly on the bloody wound . surprisingly , he stay focus . carrie Press here . hard . hard or he will die ! delfy it will not stop ! look delfy right in the eye . carrie he 's not go to be number four ! ( continued ) 91 . continued : pryce moan . carrie rip open pryce 's jacket and liner . scoops up a armful of wind - blow ice . start pack it around he . keeps repeat the motion . she keep shoot look to keller 's depart plane move toward the runway . the cold hit pryce , shocking he awake . pryce ( gasping ) what be you do ? get keller . she hold he down . carrie you be bleed out . freeze drop you pulse . we have to slow it down . ( beat ) you hold on . carrie snag the two - way off she hip like it 's a quick draw . key it . carrie ( cont would ) Sam -- be Doc on the plane yet ? beat . murphy ( v.o. ) no -- what 's go -- carrie keller get out . he hurt pryce -- he 's bleed bad . where 's Doc ? murphy ( v.o. ) in the clinic . about to bring the body out . what 's -- carrie tell he to stay put , and I need you help get pryce there . we be at the hangar . I have get to stop keller , he 's get the cannister . carrie do not wait for a answer . give delfy the two - way . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie ( cont would ) do not let he die . carrie stand . determined . sprint back into the hangar . int . hangar - continuous on a full sprint , carrie dash over to the snowmobile . cough . spit blood . do not stop she . she jump on one . fire it up . use she leave palm to steer -- blood start to seep through the gauze . she quickly bundle up , then gun it . rubber tread grip . smoke rise . she race it across the cement floor and out the hangar . ext . hangar - continuous off in the distance , keller 's head for the front of the runway -- have to turn around to take off into the wind . carrie veer off , target the tunnel to asb . Hit she light as she race in . int . tunnel - continuous carrie 's light silhouettes Murphy and a couple of he guy as they head toward she . she do not even slow down as she blow right by they . CUT to : int . keller' plane - same desperation cling to he face as he turn the plane onto the runway . his wound ooze blood -- eat the pain as he give it full throttle . start to pick up speed . head down he strip of freedom . CUT to : ext . side of runway - opposite end - same a funnel of bumpy light spread across the ice before carrie on the snowmobile . ( continued ) 93 . continued : she hold tight as she burn a big u- turn around one of the berm and onto the runway . head straight for the light of keller 's plane . inside keller' plane he see carrie . keller crazy bitch . intercut : she target he like a japanese zero . hundre yard and close . he 's push to get airborne . seventy - five yard between they . gap narrow fast . fifty yard . stay on carrie . look like suicide . she suddenly swerve a hard leave , disappear behind a berm -- inside with keller he bear a momentary sense of triumph , start to get airborne -- until -- launching up off the berm be carrie 's snowmobile ! she bail , let it continue right toward he like a heat seek missile as she tumble down the berm . keller 's pov - a thousand pound of snowmobile come at he fast -- obliterate the cockpit . smash CUT to carrie' Pov - as the impact cripples the plane , pitching it sideways . a wing catch the runway , catapult the entire plane into a cartwheel of disaster as it veer off the runway and -- -- explode into a fiery eruption of flame and debris ! resume - carrie slowly get to she foot . the flame reflect off she goggle . she head to the wreckage . the cold and blow snow extinguish the flame quickly . at the wreckage ( continued ) 94 . continued : carrie approach . only a sputtering of flame remain on the front of the twisted remnant of the otter 's cockpit . the aft seem relatively intact . carrie look in . see the char and already freeze remain of keller . in the back -- the char duffle bag . she move closer . reaches in through a break window . pull it out to the runway . unzip it . be confuse . no cannister . only survival gear . CUT to : int . medical clinic - soon after delfy , along with Murphy and he two guy , carry pryce in . Doc 's in the back room with two other , load the bodybags onto a cart . murphy Doc ! Doc quickly move into the front room . the other two follow . curious . Doc spring into action , pull on glove . pryce 's face , ashen . doc get he on the table ! they usher he onto one . he look to delfy who still have he hand on pryce 's wound . doc ( cont would ) do not move that hand . delfy I know , I know , he will die ! Doc shift he attention to one of Murphy 's guy -- doc you , four unit o - pos in the warmer . second shelf , fridge . the guy head for it . carrie enter . she 's still in she ecw gear . heart sink when she see pryce . ( continued ) 95 . continued : Doc lean over pryce 's pale form . examine . as Doc get a iv go , he look to carrie -- doc ( cont would ) what happen ? carrie keller hit he with a ice axe . murphy he get away ? carrie no . Murphy 's walkie on he hip crackle to life . int . lc - 130 - same Rhonda 's stand up front with the pilot and copilot , watch the horizon where dark storm cloud be come at they like a tidal wave . bring a walkie to she lip ... rhonda Sam , it 's Rhonda -- we gotta go . now. murphy ( v.o. ) I know . I know . int . medical clinic - asb - same Murphy look to doc. murphy can you do this on the plane ? it 's you call , but I need to know now . Doc , who 's wrestle with deep contemplation , look to carrie -- she see the answer 's no . carrie I will stay with you -- murphy ( to he guy ) grab the body and get they on the plane . ( continued ) 96 . continued : the guy head for the back -- as Doc look at pryce -- know he need he ... doc leave the body -- you do not have time . Dead be dead . ( beat ) pick they up in six month . go . Doc look to carrie , who 's thankful -- carrie I be sorry . the guy after the body look to Murphy for a decision . murphy leave be . let 's go . Murphy and carrie exchange a quick look -- closure . carrie thanks . murphy take care of yourself . he take off with the other . ext . lc - 130 - right after the wind be hurricane fierce as Murphy and he two man be just about to board the plane . Murphy look to the storm -- a forbode darkness get closer by the second . he realize they might not make it . ext . runway - asb - right after the lc - 130' jet engine roar as he gain speed down the runway -- faster and faster , then it suddenly get swallow in the storm -- like a avalanche cover a skier . camera stay on the fast move storm , the plane , nowhere in sight , until -- the lc - 130 finally push out the front of it -- airborne . take off into the horizon , where we see that the sun be just about to set . dissolve to : 97 . int . medical clinic - asb - later carrie be stand next to pryce on the examination table . he 's be bandage up . eye close . look thrash . a iv drip hang from a stand on wheel . she 's look at he with soft , caring eye -- be through a lot . he slowly open he . tries to smile , not easy . pryce hey -- carrie hey back . pryce you get he ? carrie um-hm . pryce ( excite ) the cannister ? she shake she head -- carrie nope . they both think on it for a moment . pryce what do we miss ? think keller cut and run without the stuff ? carrie after all this , no way . keller do not have it on the plane because he 's get it hide somewhere . ( beat ) where would he hide something for six month . somewhere he could be sure no one would ever look . pryce if he have make it out , he would not have be crazy enough to come back for it . ( continued ) 98 . continued : carrie true -- what the hell be he plan ... pryce think hard -- he 's get nothing . pryce we have get six month to figure it out . a squeaky noise in the back of the room draw they attention . it 's Doc come through with the cart -- a bodybag on top . doc eye open -- that 's always a good sign . he continue push the gurney toward they -- pryce hey , Doc -- thanks . doc thank she -- if she have not slowed you bleed . Doc roll the gurney behind she -- doc ( cont would ) I be go to hunt I down a bottle of scotch -- carrie turn , look at Doc as he wheel the gurney by . carrie need any help ? doc I be good . she see it 's Weiss ' name on the tag , but something disturbing catch carrie 's eye -- it 's Weiss ' left leg press against the bag . although the plastic be cloud , she would swear he left calf have a long line of stitch run down the side . doc ( cont would ) you okay ? his voice pull she focus . she mask she startle ... ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) carrie ( covering ) just think where it all begin . doc yeah , it 's a damn shame , be not it . Doc continue on out the door . pryce see that she 's bother -- pryce what be it ? carrie nothing -- I will be right back . she head out the door . CUT to : int . connecting tunnel to science build - later carrie slip in . we have be here before -- this be where she chase rubin . darkness creep in , phantom like , as the remain daylight fade out through the row of window that run along the side . carrie 's plunge into inky black . winter have set in . she hear the Science Lab door open before she -- peer through the dark blanket to see Doc walk toward she . carrie slip in between two bookcase , try to stay tight against the wall . Doc walk right by and out the door . she rise to she foot . hurries down to the end . disappear into the science building . int . science lab - continuous carrie enter . turn on the light . illuminate the lab station , and the bust open door of the ready room . head for the freezer . int . walk - in freezer - science lab - continuous carrie open the door . illuminate the interior with she light . ( continued ) 100 . continued : storage rack of freeze science sample line the three wall . lying on the floor be the body of Mooney , rubin , Weiss and keller . carry go to Weiss ' body . kneel next to he . go to unzip the bodybag , but see that it 's be lock with a plastic cinch . pull out she knife . hold the light steady in she mouth as she cut the cinch . unzip the bag . her light travel down he body to he leave leg . she roll it slightly for a better look . the truth hit she like a sledge hammer . there it be , like stand center stage in she light , the row of stitch hold a deep gash tight together . she 's about to stand and walk out , but she stop herself . thinks about that leg , that stitches . the fact that Doc lie to she . pan she light over at the other body on the floor . her light pan back , explore the rest of Weiss ' upper body -- see a dry river of blood that 's run out from under he armpit . carrie ( to herself ) someplace no one would ever think to look . she raise Weiss ' arm . more stitches . she cut through they . skin split to reveal the bottom of a cannister that 's be stuff inside he chest . she reach in and pull it out . even have rust on the bottom . carrie 's confuse -- it's not like any of the cannister pryce showed her photo of . it look more like the ice core container she saw at mcmurdo . she contemplate open it for a moment , then place she hand on the top . begins to twist . it loosen easily . pull the lid off . look at it . whatever it be , it 's freeze . tilt the can slightly , and out slide a foot long ice core sample . can not quite figure it out , until she shine she light on it -- the freezer dance with glistening light . the core sample be packed full of diamond . she look to the other two body . she open Mooney 's bag . see he chest be uneven -- more cylinder inside . repeat the action with rubin . same thing . carrie slowly stand -- the betrayal almost too much . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) doc ( o.c . ) if they have just go along with it . she turn -- Doc be stand right behind her . doc ( cont would ) that fool find a plane -- have no idea what they stumble onto . turn out the Russians have discover a diamond field while drilling for core sample in the sixty . carrie and we think it be nuke the whole time . doc keller say he know someone in the state who could move the diamond for we . it be a hell of a lot of money . carrie how do you get wrap up in thing , Doc ? doc Weiss get hurt on the plane . they be afraid to move he , so Mooney call I . keller and I fly out . but they could not get the safe open -- keller find a way . carrie then Weiss get cold foot . it get ugly , do not it -- and keller kill he at Delta one one . everything go to hell after that , do not it , Doc . doc keller think he could kill he way out of this whole thing . ( angry ) if that idiot have not panicked , none of this would have happen . he turn and walk out of the freezer . 102 . int . science lab - continuous carrie carefully follow . see he 's head for keller' ice axe in the ready room , that someone 's remove from be wedge outside , onto the now upright lab cart pryce use to bust open the door . carrie Doc -- stop . he do . turn back to she . but there have be a subtle shift inside he -- something illogical . doc I will cut you in , carrie . there 's at least 5 million in diamond in there . that can buy both of we a nice life back in the world . how many time have we both talk about have a fresh start . well , this be it . that beaker find that plane be a sign . a sign tell I it be time to go back . now I have something to go back for . she have a realization . carrie there be no granddaughter , be there ? this be about greed , plain and simple . doc no one will ever know . it 's just I and you . we can take care of pryce . his callus disregard for human life rock she . carrie Dead be dead , right ? doc yes , yes , now you be get it . carrie what 's happen to you ? there be four people dead ! four ! people we know . Doc look at she . she 's not sure if it 's register . ( continued ) 103 . continued : carrie ( cont would ) where you go to stuff my body too ? huh ? be I go to be five ? he turn back to the ice axe and start walk towards it . she pull the gun out from inside she liner , she mind a whirl of limited option and grim solution . he near the ice axe on the cart -- carrie cock back the trigger -- carrie ( cont would ) I will not go through it again . do not make I shoot you , please . her knuckle on she trigger finger go white as she wrestle with she emotion . doc it 's either ignore all of this or kill I -- and you and I , we be too good of friend for I to force you to make that choice . with that ... he walk right past the ice axe and into the ready room . she 's confuse . carrie Doc , you not think straight . but he 's not listen . doc ya know , it 's really warm . I be gonna take a walk -- try and cool off . the temperature gauge on the wall read : - 82. he look at she . carrie Doc , please . carrie cross the room as he grab onto the outside door 's latch . he muster a smile -- ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) doc remember , carrie -- freedom 's just a sunrise away . use both hand on the latch , he pull . the door blast OPEN , fill the space between carrie and Doc with violent wind and blow snow . Doc 's throw one last look to carrie , then take two step out the door . disappear into the blanket of white . wind and cold storm into the room against carrie , who remain stand still like a statue . emotionally drain . numb . freeze to death -- tear freeze to she cheek . a shadow pass by she -- it 's pryce . he 's hunkere over in pain , but force himself against the drive force of the wind into the ready room . latch onto the door . it take everything he 's get , but he manage to get it close . instant silence . cold to the bone , he grab a jacket off the racket . approach carrie , who remain stare at the close door . the effect of the chill and Doc 's decision apparent . pryce wrap the coat around she shoulder . gently lead she away . dissolve to : Super : three month later int . carrie' office - asb the sound of lap surf and distant seagull serenade we like a rhythmic lullaby as we -- cu on sand with a shadow of a palm tree casting over top of two pair of foot -- intertwined . slowly widen -- to see carrie and pryce , kick back on lawn chair , side - by-side . two heat lamp pour out bright , warm light . a cut out piece of paper in the shape of a palm leaf be tape to one of the lamp -- throw the shadow . pryce have a small bandage over he shoulder . ( continued ) 105 . continued : carrie lie back , rest , eye close . pryce how 's the weather where you be ? carrie hot . but there 's a gentle breeze . fiji 's beautiful this time of year . pryce yeah , St. bart be not bad either . they lie there quietly , relishing the moment . pryce ( cont would ) six month . six long month . carrie turn over on she stomach -- let the heat warm she back . carrie Nah . freedom 's just a sunrise away . there 's a new calender on the wall , where the day of Winter - over have be mark off -- long way to go . ext . asb base - establishing - night pull away from the building , which fade into the icy darkness and howling wind of the Antarctic winter . the end