" white christmas " by melvin Frank , norman krasna and norman Panama full shot - rear area - ( day ) - ( glass ) this be December 24 , 1944 , in the first safe area directly behind the battle line , in the italian theatre . in the distance occasional artillery light flash be see and artillery rumble be hear . the batter terrain show the effect of battle . in the foreground be a recreation area , cover with camouflage ; entertainment be in progress on a raise stage . Men of the division be seat about on bench , box , and the ground . a camouflage motor pool of jeep and tank be nearby . mo . shot - near recreation area we can hear laughter and applause from the man as a jeep with two star on the front indicate it be the General 's car jounce along a road toward the side of the recreation area . a young sergeant be at the wheel , a adjutant beside he , and in the rear be general waverly and general carlton . jeep - mo . close as it jounce along . General waverly be weather - beat and weary ; he uniform , while neat , show the effect of long wear . General carlton , on the other hand , be stiff , clean and fresh from the Pentagon . he be stare off at the recreation area . general carlton ( to adjutant ) what 's this all about , Colonel ? adjutant ( turn ) a little entertainment for the man , sir . tonight 's Christmas Eve . general carlton this man be move up tonight . they should be line up for full inspection ! the jeep have come to a halt . general waverly ( eyeing he ) you be absolutely right . ( to adjutant ) there 's no Christmas in the Army , Colonel . adjutant yes , sir . waverly and the adjutant alight from the jeep . general waverly ( to carlton ) there 's always a slip - up or two during a change in command . the man get a little loose . but I know I be leave they in good hand . general carlton ( stiffly ) thank you . ( to Driver ) sergeant , take I to headquarters immediately ! we will have that man turn out on the double ! the sergeant look at General waverly . general waverly Goodbye , sergeant . take the short cut . sergeant yes , sir ! the jeep pull off and make a half circle . the adjutant make a gesture , as if to stop it . the General stop he . two shot - general waverly and adjutant the adjutant turn to he . adjutant that 's not the way to headquarters ! general waverly Joe , you know that , and I know that , but the new General do not know it . or he will not for about a hour and a half . adjutant that sergeant will be a private tomorrow ! general waverly yes ... be not he lucky ? he take the adjutant by the arm and lead he toward the recreation area . raised platform - mo . shot captain bob wallace ( bing crosby ) be wear a makeshift beard and Santa Claus hat and private philip davis ( donald o'connor ) be in combat clothes . they be do a number to entertain the soldier , what doe a soldier want for christmas ? during introduction , we CUT to : 5a . two shot - general and adjutant just start to take seat , off to one side where they be not notice by the performer . 5b . group shot - about 6 soldier seat in audience . they look off , see General , start to rise . 5C . two shot - general and adjutant the General notice they - motion for they to sit down again , indicate he do not want attention call to himself . 5d . platform - full shot the number conclude to applause . Bob hold up he hand for silence . he remove he beard . bob thanks , fellow . I guess by now you know the Old man 's be replace by a new command General fresh out of the Pentagon ... this division 's be awfully lucky so far , but tonight they be run a special on St. christopher at the px ... the Old man 's head back to the rear - he 's never move in that direction in he life . all I can say be , we owe so much to General waverly and the way -- waverly voice ( a bellow ) attention ! automatically , Bob stiffen . phil do the same . audience - full shot every man be at attention and every head have turn to where General waverly have take up a position near the front of the platform . general waverly Captain wallace , button you shirt . you be out of uniform ! ( Bob , grin , hastily button he shirt ) this division be now under the command of General harold G. carlton , and I do not want anyone to forget it -- not that he will let you . he 's tough -- just what this sloppy outfit need . you will be stand inspection night and day -- you may even learn how to march . and if you do not give he everything you get , I may come back and fight for the enemy . merry Christmas ! the boy respond with " merry Christmas " . general waverly ( embarrass ) well -- I guess that 's about it - uh - uh -- Bob , cover he embarrassment : bob perhaps I can help you out , sir . he turn to the musician , give the downbeat . they play the old man , which be sung by the entire outfit . the General stand at attention through the first chorus , visibly move . during the second chorus he start up the aisle , revealing for the first time that he leave leg be bandage to the knee . the adjutant put out he arm to help . waverly refuse . toward the finish of the song , he turn , face the man and salute they . the man return the salute . ( this be not a military mistake , the General salute the enlist man as a deliberate gesture . ) there be a Red Cross ambulance stand by . dissolve to : close shot - ( night ) - tiny candle the camera pull back to reveal a hand lighting a candle on a tiny makeshift Christmas tree . we reveal a number of enlist man huddle around the tree in a trench , include Bob and phil . one of the man look at he wristwatch . now another do . close shot - wristwatch the hand be approach midnight . close shot - soldier he be look at he wristwatch . close shot - wristwatch the second hand be point to the hour . full shot of scene this be the prearrange signal for Bob to begin sing white christmas . phil accompany he on a harmonica . toward the end of the song , a enemy barrage drowns out the music . a shell burst in the vicinity . close shot - bob and phil phil pull Bob down in time to save he from the shrapnel burst . this have also push Bob 's face into the mud , which he think be unnecessary . phil , ignore Bob 's hostile look , brightly continue with white christmas from where the song leave off . Bob finish with he , but eyeing he . dissolve to : ext . sky - ( night ) camera shoot up to the sky as brilliant firework explosion light up the screen . over scene superimpose : 12-a . insert - newspaper headline read : " v-e day ! " as camera move fast into headline , we lose the firework display and the headline cover the whole screen . dissolve to : 12 - B . insert - church tower - ( day ) bell be ringing for celebration of v-e Day . camera move into mouth of one bell , black out the screen . dissolve to : ext . bill poster of florida show - ( night ) feature name and picture of Bob and phil . camera move to a close shot of the picture , hold for a second , then suddenly the picture come to life and we be on the stage of the theatre where Bob and phil be do the production number " bell " . mo . shot - int . theatre - audience perhaps twenty people , photograph at a slant . they be warm . one woman have a fan , some use program . they be enjoy the show , however . there be some vacant seat apparent . this theatre be a modern travel tent show , such as have be play in Florida in recent year , and beyond the side we see palm tree , characteristic of Florida . full shot - audience applauding the conclusion of the number . mo . full shot - backstage the curtain be down , the boy come off , the curtain go up on the next number , which be dance . phil and Bob be meet by cooke , the company manager . rita , a luscious Latin type , and some of the remain chorus girl and other player ad lib , " could not be cuter ! " " great . " " very funny ! " cooke ( to Bob and phil ) New York 's on the telephone . Bob and phil , with cooke , go to the backstage telephone . phil ( into phone ) hello . ( he listen . to Bob and cooke ) oscar . mo . close shot - int . manager' office this be the business office of Bob and phil . oscar be they representative and manager , not they employer . he be sixty and look competent . he refer to a telegram in he hand . picture of the boy adorn the desk , and wallace and Davis sheet of previous show be on the wall . it must be evident from they billing that the boy be important star in New York . oscar listen , I just hear what you be do -- give the cast a week off with pay for Christmas . you do not know how touch I be . I be all choke up . between sob , I manage to book you on the Ed Harrison show this week to take up the slack . it will be steal money . 17a . close shot - group phil be hold the receiver up to bob. oscar 's voice can be plainly hear . phil ( into phone ) we will have to go to New York -- four day and four night of rehearsals -- that 's steal money ? 17b . close shot - oscar as he speak into the telephone oscar it be for I -- I get ten percent . ( he listen for a moment ) next time you guy make a charitable gesture , find out if you get with what to make it . see you Wednesday . he hang up . group shot - phil , bob and cooke Bob hang up the phone . bob well ... while the cast take it easy we will be slave over a hot kinnie . cooke what train do you want ? there 's a one - thirty this morning but you have to sit up all night . phil let 's get out tonight . bob okay . the boy walk to they dress room . a group of the chorine come fly by , toward the dress room , with squealing . they make quite a picture from the rear , bounce and all . phil what be we go to do until one - thirty ? bob we will eat dinner . phil ( look at the retreate bounce ) eat , eat all you think of be you stomach ! rita show up in front of phil . rita ( eagerly ) you say you have something to rehearse with I after the show . what be it ? phil evidently be try to hide this from Bob and be self - conscious at be catch . phil it 's a kind of new dance number . rita ( eagerly ) I be ready . bob ( take phil by the arm ) he be not . some business have come up . see you in a week . ( he pull phil away ) come on , Romeo , dinner ! ( tempt he ) Lamb chop , lamb chop ! phil ( pretend that he be let himself be pull while he be still anxious to go in the other direction ) I be look at they ! we be go in the wrong direction . dissolve to : mo . shot - waterfront inn - bob and phil - ( night ) the boy be now finish they dinner . Bob be face the orchestra , phil would have to turn to see it . the music play , the boy eat . the table be close to the bar . on two stool sit judy and betty . Betty be wear she glass and examine some railroad ticket that have just be hand she by the bartender . phil be not pay attention to he eat , he be entrance with Judy 's pretty leg drape over the bar stool . Bob can not see the girl and be not even interested enough to turn around . mo . close shot - betty and judy on she part , Judy be not absorb in the ticket , but be unobtrusively size up phil . betty ( check the ticket ) we will have to rush to get the 1:30 train . close shot - phil and bob Bob notice phil 's absorption . bob have you ever consider lay off the female sex for awhile ? phil what other kind be there ? ( he pick up the card which announce the performer name and read ) ' the Stewart sister . ' sister act ! ( he smack he lip . he do not realize that this two girl be the Stewart sister ) bob down , Rover , down . remember , we have a agreement -- you chase no new tidbit during the season . you be man enough to give I you hand on it . phil you be sneaky enough to take it . mo . close shot - betty and judy Betty look from the ticket and see that Judy be covertly eyeing phil . she lean forward . betty ( quietly ) ahem . ( Judy 's eye be toward phil . a little louder ) ahem ! all right dear , relax . judy he 's awful cute . betty so be the one in Kansas City , and the one in canton , Ohio , and the one in waco , Texas . judy ( mock seriousness ) canton , Ohio be not so much . betty one of this day you be go to meet somebody extra cute and the next performance I will be do a single . judy ( sincerely ) nobody will ever be cute enough to break up this sister act . mo . shot - booth - bob and phil phil be still finger the card . phil I have not much luck with sister act . they be all alike . shall I tell you what this two be like ? bob shoot . phil four foot two inch tall . pudgy . round race . have big bow in they hair . always smile . ( he parody a smile ) lot of tooth . sister act have more tooth than anybody else . two , three hundred tooth at a time . the american Dental Association be investigate it . there be a drum roll from the orchestra . Betty take off she glass and put they in they case , on the bar . the bandleader 's voice announce : bandleader lady and gentleman , the Stewart sister ! the audience applaud politely while the girl start toward the platform , phil react in surprise to the new development . 23-a . platform - full shot Betty and Judy do they number : " sister " . as they take they bow -- mo . shot - bob and phil phil pretend to recognize Judy . phil say , dolore ! that 's dolore ! bob who ? phil remember that girl I tell you about who get sick in St. Paul ? that 's she ! the girl in the oxygen tent ! I tell you about she ! the road company of " Student Prince . " the whole company go to church and pray for she ! it be the most touch thing I have ever see in show business . ( he get up . ) I will bring she over . he go , Bob watch , disgust . novello , the owner of the waterfront Inn , come up . mo . shot - bob and novello novello evidently know Bob . novello do not you get you dessert yet , Mr. wallace ? bob I be not have any , but I think my partner 's lining up some pastry now . novello sure wish I could afford to book you boy here . bob call we agent - we have get half a hour between train . phil enter the shot with Judy and Betty . phil hello , mister novello . novello good evening , mister Davis . mo . shot - group novello pull out the table to permit the girl to be seat . phil ( burlesque formality ) miss Stewart , mister wallace . miss Stewart , mister wallace . judy and betty how do you do . bob ( rising ) how do you do . phil get Betty next to Bob , he sit next to Judy . novello see you later , folk . phil ' bye . ( he leave ) judy we see you show at the matinee , and we like it very much . bob thank you , mar 'am . the orchestra have go into white christmas . phil where be you go to be for Christmas ? judy we be book in vermont . phil vermont ? what 's there ? betty snow . we spend last Christmas in South Carolina , the year before in Hawaii . they do not seem like christmase . there ought to be snow . this one 's go to be real white . bob well , it 's the way you have be raise . if you see a lot of snow when you be a kid you miss it more around Christmas . there 's a lot of snow around St. Paul . judy be that where you come from - St. Paul ? it dawns on he , slowly . he show no emotion . bob no . you come from St. Paul . judy I come from canton , Ohio . bob ( just for the record he know ) I would like to ask you something . be you ever in a oxygen tent ? judy oxygen tent ? oh no ! bob be you ever in a road company of " Student Prince ? " betty no . why ? Bob look at phil . the rule be clear between they . Bob put he hand out . phil take it . they shake . bob very good . phil thank you . bob what I admire be the detail , the invention , the little lie all around the big one . it take talent . phil oh , it 's nothing . bob do not say that . do not belittle yourself . credit where credit be due . you do it fine . betty private conversation ? bob Little game we play . phil ( to Judy ) May I have this dance ? judy I would love to . phil ( helping she up ) I be not go to keep call you miss Stewart . judy the name be Judy . phil ( to Bob ) what a pretty name ! bob ( they be off ) nicer than dolore ! betty I be Betty . bob I be low man . Bob . ( he take she arm , indicate phil and Judy ) follow that couple . betty why ? they move toward the dance floor . bob want to make sure they keep dance . betty stop worry . he will not get any place with she . bob you sure ? betty I be positive . I train she myself . bob she 's in the ring with the champ , though . you have hear of alcoholics anonymous ? ( she nod ; he indicate phil ) woman anonymous . they biggest case . keeps fall off the wagon . betty well , you keep a eye on he , and I will keep a eye on she . bob Fine . we can make out the probation report together . the orchestra blend into a vocal chorus of the song . ( to be decide upon . ) the vocal be share by Bob , Betty , Judy and phil , individually . toward the end of the vocal phil dance Judy out to the terrace overlook the water . this blend into they dance . the staging of the number should reunite the four principal by the end of the number . the audience applaud and they all go back to they booth . mo . close shot - betty and judy they be a half dozen step ahead of the boy . judy they be both very cute , be not they ? betty ( hiding she real interest ) both ? judy uh huh . betty which one do you like best ? judy I like they both . betty you can not have both . there 's a law . judy oh , we will never meet they again , what do it matter ? the man be now up to they and help they into the booth . mo . shot - booth - group Bob do not sit . bob Judy , you make even he look good . judy ( please ) you be very flatter , but he be do all the lead . betty ( Fair ) you dance very well together . if I say it . phil ( sitting ) lightest girl I ever see . float like a bubble . one big bubble . bob all right , bubble lover , stand up ! phil what for ? I just sit down . bob La train . at one - thirty , and we have to pack . phil train ? bob you know , choo choo . go on track . ( train whistle noise ) wo woo . phil oh no ! bob oh yes ! phil can not we go tomorrow ? bob the train go tonight . ( phil look disconsolately at Judy ) say goodbye to the lady bubble , because we be go to have to run for it now . phil Lady bubble , I have a idea we be go to meet up again sometime . judy we might , we be on the same train . phil no . judy yes . bob ( pull phil away ) no. as they start off , novello enter to the girl , agitate . novello the sheriff be here ! he 's in my office ! judy the sheriff ! novello he 's get a warrant to arrest you ! Bob have stop . he look at phil , suspiciously . bob I think we watch you every minute . phil hold up he hand in " scout 's honor . " phil never stop dance . Bob turn back to the table . bob ( to the girl ) can we help ? judy ( fearful ) I have never be arrest ! phil there 's nothing to it ! bob do not get panicky ! novello yes , do not get excited , you still have to give you show ! ( apologetically ) he 's not go to arrest they until after the show ! bob that 's considerate ! how would you arrange that ? novello I be a taxpayer here ! you better go in and change , girl ! you have not much time ! the girl start off , confuse . novello , Bob and phil follow . bob May I enquire what you be be arrest for ? betty the owner of the hotel we be at say we drop a cigarette on he rug and burn it . judy we could not have drop a cigarette because we do not smoke . betty he want two hundred dollar , but it 's just plain steal . judy we leave the money for we bill in a envelope on the bed . betty then we drop the bag out the window and check they at the depot . judy what be we go to do now ? novello you have to give another show . he leave they , as Bob and phil look unpleasantly after he . they have reach the wing . int . wing - mo . shot stagehand be set up a record on a record - play mechanism backstage , as the group pass by head for the dress room . phil the old burn rug routine . bob kind of old fashioned , be not it ? I think that go out with the cherry sister . we will have to do something . phil ( hopefully ) get a flash ? bob a glimmer . have to stir it around a little . the girl have open the door to they dress room . judy we would not want you boy to get into any trouble . int . dressing room - mo . shot as they all enter . phil why not ? maybe we will all wind up in the same cell . as they close the door , dissolve to : int . novello's office - mo . shot novello be with the sheriff and the landlord . the sheriff be a husky fellow . at the moment he 's eat a eclair and coffee , from novello 's desk . the landlord glare at he . landlord that 's the second dessert you have have , sheriff ! sheriff Real good , too . landlord I have not get all night to wait here while you eat free food ! you have get you warrant , arrest that girl ! sheriff ( displease ) now , we agree to let they finish they show first . landlord I do not agree ! ( to novello ) that be he idea ! novello I have get some rights , too . you do not get that girl until after they have do they number ! landlord well , how long be it go to take ? novello put he hand up , listen . novello wait a minute ! that 's they music ! he get up , open the office door , and we hear they entrance music , as before , and the orchestra leader 's voice , " the Stewart sister . " mo . shot - cafe floor Bob and phil stand with they back to the audience . they turn , face front , and we realize they be mouth to a record . close shot - wing - record player we identify that the music be come from this spin record player we have previously establish . 34 - a . mo . shot - cafe floor Bob and phil do the number . mo . shot - audience they applaud at end of number . mo . shot - int . novello's office we faintly hear the applause . landlord they be clap ! it 's over ! arrest they ! the sheriff get up . CUT to : mo . shot - cafe floor the boy bow themselves off , and run toward they dress room . mo . shot - corridor they hurry down the corridor , pass the office door . bob get out of this clothes ! toot sweet ! phil ma , unhook my bra ! the office door open behind they , which they do not see . the sheriff step out , follow by the landlord and novello . sheriff ( calm ) just a second , folk ! I will handle this ! ( he walk to the dress room door ) mo . close shot - dressing room door there be a plaque attach to the key in the lock . the sheriff smilingly turn the key in the lock . he put the key in he pocket . sheriff ( winking ) you stay here . let they try to go through the window . the landlord be delighted . landlord if they make a break for it , shoot them ! wipe to : mo shot - ext . cafe - ( night ) - sheriff the sheriff walk around the corner of the cafe , and a police car await , with cop at the wheel . sheriff just a minute , hank , couple of customer come up . hank okay , boss . the sheriff continue to the window of we dress room . mo close shot - dressing room window it open . the sheriff watch it . out come phil 's leg , meaning to get out backwards . the sheriff apply both hand and push back . sheriff back you go , boy ! he push phil in . nimbly , he raise himself in . mo . shot - int . dressing room the sheriff be in the room . he look coolly at the boy , who be now in they own clothes . he stare at they . they stare at he . recognition come all at once . phil Pete ! sheriff phil ! Bob ! bob Pete ! they all throw they arm around each other , pound violently . ' no ! wow ! you dirty skunk ! you grave robber ! ' phil ( unbelieve ) be you the sheriff here ? sheriff you bet I be ! bob how would you get in this line of work ? sheriff after I get out of the army I sit down and figure it out ! who never get in trouble in the army ? the m.p. 's ! they be the one who arrest you ! so I come back here and run for sheriff ! bob a civilian m.p .! if the fellow ever see you now ! they would skin you alive ! phil you ever see any of they ? sheriff whitey Harris and Jack Ross have a fill station near here ! bob Jack Ross ! will you ever forget the party he throw in naple ? phil in a capture brewery . very sensible , give a party in a brewery . cut out the middleman . bob do you remember when Danny beasly climb up - ( as he say ' Danny beasly ' he recall Danny be dead ) - the tower of the City Hall and ring the bell by swinging on the clapper ? he could not hear anything for two day . sheriff Danny beasly ! too bad he do not make it . bob not everybody be lucky . phil we be lucky in one thing - the old man . sheriff you can say that again . say I be suppose to arrest a couple of dame ! a fellow swore out a warrant ! phil he 's a crook ! burn a hole in a rug and be try to hold up two kid . sheriff you do not say ! bob ( at he watch ) we get to get we bag and be at the station in ten minute ! we will never make it ! sheriff just a moment ! ( he go to the window ) hank ! reverse angle - police car - shoot by sheriff hank look up enquiringly . hank yes , sir . sheriff take my friend where they want to go ! hank yes , sir . sheriff hurry up ! bob ( go out the window ) thanks , Pete . ext . window - police car hank have throw the door open . phil do you think we can make it ? hank this thing go over a hundred a hour ! hold on ! he start with he red light go , he siren scream , and tire grind . mo . shot - int . dressing room the sheriff watch they go , pleased . a pound on the door recall the landlord , and he frown . he stride to the door , take out he key and open it . mo . shot - corridor the landlord and novello be look out the window at the depart police car , the noise have distract they from the door pound . the siren be still hear , retreate . the sheriff snap he cigarette at they foot . they turn to he , face alight . sheriff they escape ! we be pursue them ! landlord escape ! sheriff ( point ) what do you mean smoking on theatrical premise ! landlord that 's not mine ! I be not smoking ! sheriff what 's that burn ? a lollypop ? ( he grab he by the shoulder , not too gently , and start he out ) come on ! he protest , ' what - !' ' but ! ' novello be openmouthed . wipe to : ext . station - ( night ) the train be already move as the police car arrive . the girl be on the observation platform . the police car scream to a stop . the boy fly out , with bag , and just make the train , the girl pull they aboard . judy ( seriously ) you do not steal the police car ? phil no , no . friend of ours . they go toward the lounge car . mo . shot - int . lounge car - group they all take seat in the lounge car , happy to have accomplish they escape . bob well , we will be together as far as New York . betty maybe it will snow in New York for Christmas . if it do not , we will mail you a snowball from vermont . judy I have not be on ice skate in year . phil Ice ? you mean the stuff in a scotch and soda ? ( suddenly ) Bob , how about snow for Christmas ? bob you will only thaw it out . phil come on , Bob , we could have a great week up in vermont . Bob look from he to Judy , whose expression be almost plead . bob I see what you mean . but Wednesday we have get to be back in New York . phil all right -- so it 's just for a couple of day . do not you want I to enjoy the winter sport ? bob you enjoy they all year round . ( he look to Betty ) we will not get in you way , will we ? betty as long as you friend do not try to take my sister for a sleigh ride . bob if he try it , I will smash he flexible flyer . ( to phil ) it 's all set . phil ( really pleased ) the thing I like about you , Bob , be you be not only kind and generous , you be handsome . bob we be go to have to sit up all night . let 's get some shut eye . dissolve to : full shot - ext . train - ( night ) the rhythm of the wheel and the engine funnel , underscore musically . mo . shot - int . train all but phil be half doze . one or two other people be see in the background , asleep . there be a air of peace and quiet in the car , as the music underscore continue . they face be occasionally streak with light flash emanate from the surround countryside . phil turn to the side of the car and see a bill poster show a copy of a winter scene from the grandma mose collection , advertising vermont . camera pull up to scene , the music swell and we dissolve to a similar landscape in stylize concept . this be the winter fantasy production number . at the end of the fantasy we hear the conductor 's voice , " pine Tree . pine Tree , vermont . " mo . shot - our group - ( day ) they be bundle themselves up , coat collar tight , expect to enter the snow country . reverse angle - scene through platform door pine Tree Station , all green , no snow . four hotel buss await , one mark ' Columbia Inn Bus . ' full shot - pine tree station - ( glass shot ) we foursome be just get off the train . they be the only one . they be look about , puzzle . phil be you sure this be the right vermont ? bob this be not a southern vermont ? judy I do not understand it . betty there have to be snow ! this place be advertise as America 's snow playground ! bob well , if you say so . ( gesture to the wait Columbia Inn bus driver ) Driver , you sleigh and reindeer . the other three bus driver be disappointed . dissolve to : full shot - bus en route the bus go by a incongruous skate rink , with water instead of ice . Signs indicate the direction of the sun scorched toboggan slide . wipe to : mo . shot - bus en route the bus wind around another turn in the beautiful green surroundings and we pass a ski lift and a ski jump platform . wipe to : mo . shot - bus en route still another turn of the bus , and in the distance we see a long shot of the Columbia Inn . mo . shot - int . columbia inn martha , a sixty year old spinsterish woman , good of heart , forbid exterior , be occupy at the desk . the door open and a pretty fifteen year old , susan , carry the mail , walk toward she . susan mail , martha . she put the mail on the desk . martha ( as she shuffles through it ) what 's the weather forecast down at the Post Office ? susan awful . Fair and warmer . martha if we do not get snow soon we can turn this hotel into a haunt house . we have not have a guest for three week . susan ( as martha keep search through the mail ) what be you look for ? martha ( not find it ) you grandfather 's write Washington ask if he can get back in active service . I think he want to fly jet . susan I think he could do it . martha he say older man have be call , and besides , he miss the food . I tell you , Susan , he try to make it a casual letter , with little joke , but it come out just begging . through the huge window behind Susan and martha we see the figure of a man in overall , bend over a incinerator , shoveling the ash into a wheelbarrow . his back be to camera . susan ( move ) oh , martha ! what be we go to do ? martha ( blow she nose ) I do not know . do not let on we know he 's write . he will start in I be only he housekeeper and that I find out through some chicanery or something . susan ( sooth she ) how do you find out ? martha like any housekeeper -- I read the carbon paper . ( she hand the mail to Susan ) bring he the mail . Susan start out as camera move up to window . after a moment , Susan appear and cross to the man in overall . he straighten up , dust off he hand , and as he turn to take the letter , we see for the first time that he be General waverly . he look through they , eagerly , then , downcast , shove they in he overall and go back to he work . dissolve to : 58-59 omitted full shot - ext . inn - ( day ) the bus come to a stop and we principal get out , phil stay with the driver for the luggage . the other enter the inn . mo . shot - int . inn martha at the desk , and she eye widen in surprise . martha ( happily ) welcome to Columbia Inn . how do you do ? all how do you do ? martha ( offer pen ) what kind of accommodation would you like ? we can give you a fairly wide choice -- any room in the Inn , include mine . betty we be not here as guest . we be the Stewart sister . martha ( disappointed ) oh. bob my friend and I be guest . we have come down for the snow . where be you keep it ? martha we take it in during the day ! bob ( look around ) what be you rate here ? martha make we a offer . ( to the girl ) I be afraid we will not be able to use you . we will pay you the half salary for cancel . judy oh , no ! be thing that bad ? martha we be use the ski-tow to hang the wash on . ( to Bob ) you be not go to stay either , be you ? bob ( shake he head ) I be afraid not , mar 'am . through the door come waverly , carry a load of wood in one arm , and a bucket of coke in the other hand . Susan follow carry a armful of kindling . Bob turn away . bob I will tell phil to leave the luggage - ( it hit he , he come to a stop , and then to attention ) General waverly ! Sir ! waverly ( easy , simple ) at ease ! how be you , Captain . bob I be fine , sir . ( but he look around questioningly , bewilder ) waverly ( smiling ) we just try to keep the General part quiet . bob why ? ( reminding himself ) begging you pardon , sir . waverly well , to put it in one sentence , people do not expect major general to carry firewood . through the door come phil , fast , talk : phil Bob , I be think we ought to - phil have he arm out indicate the direction of the door , when he see waverly . he freeze . he bring he hand up to a salute , from that position . waverly at ease ! phil oh , sir ! ( horrify ) a janitor ! waverly never think I would make it , he ? ... matter of fact , it 's worse than that . I own this hotel . martha he get it in a shrewd business move . betty ( to Bob ) be everybody in you outfit ? we seem to run into they all over the country . bob the draft board do not know when to stop . waverly if I start the introduction , can I get to meet this young lady ? ( indicating they ) my housekeeper , miss martha Allen , my granddaughter , Susan waverly . bob I be Bob wallace -- this be phil Davis -- betty we be the Stewart sister . judy you floor show . martha ( to waverly ) do not worry -- I have already tell they we would have to cancel . waverly why ? we have a floor , have not we ? martha last time I look . but who be they go to sing to ? waverly even if it 's only to you and I , it will be well worth it . besides , there will be six inch of snow tonight and we will be full up tomorrow . betty ( happily ) be that the weather forecast ? waverly no . but if there be one thing I learn in the army it be to be positive -- especially when you do not know what you be talk about . you will excuse I , gentleman , I be on k.p . phil and Bob stiffen automatically . phil and bob yes , sir ! waverly ( to Betty and Judy ) and you two charming lady , I want you to know I be look forward to you show this evening . whatever you audience lack in number , it will make up for in enthusiasm -- ( he glare at martha ) or I will know the reason why ! he smile at the girl , and exit , dignify . judy ( utterly charme ) gee ... no wonder we win the war ! dissolve to : int . dine room inn - ( night ) - mo . close shot - betty and judy they be do the number , sister , on the floor . the camera pull back to reveal the scene . there be a scant audience distribute at several table , total not more than fourteen in number . not far from the kitchen entrance Bob and phil be sit at one table . martha be see do general oversee , principally act as hostess . Susan double between the cashier 's desk and help out at table . mo . close shot - bob and phil they be admire the performance . phil indicate for Bob to look in this direction . Bob do . reverse angle - mo . snot the General be seating a table . mo . shot - bob and phil Bob shake he head , unhappy at this condition . they look at each other . bob I think well stay a little longer than we plan . mo . full shot - betty and judy they finish the number and be applaud enthusiastically , but the few people in the audience do not make for much clatter . one set of hand seem to be applaud loudest and clearest . mo . shot - general waverly he be the one do the enthusiastic applaud . he walk toward the boy , still applaud . they applaud too . the girl enter the scene , to sit with the boy . martha be only applaud politely , until waverly glare at she . then she enthusiasm be boundless . waverly excellent . I enjoy it very much . judy thank you . martha it be nice , if you like music . a waitress bring food , which martha help distribute . betty ( after a look that the waitress be not in a position to hear ) mister waverly , we would like to make you a proposition . waverly ( smiling ) well , for heaven 's sake ! betty you have be very nice not cancel , we would like to make a gesture . until it snow , and you have guest , we will take half salary . martha ( appreciative ) that 's really nice of you . ( she take out pencil and she order book ) now let 's get that in write . waverly ( push it aside ) never hear of anything so ridiculous . ( get up ) you next performance be tomorrow night , after dinner . be here , or I will sue ! he dignifiedly walk in the direction of some depart guest , and proceed to show they to the door . martha ( annoy ) Light - horse Harry . Advance , advance , never retreat ! he 's advance right into bankruptcy . phil that 's just the way he be in the army . always think of the other fellow . bob we eat and then he eat . we sleep , and then he sleep . phil then he wake up , and nobody sleep for the next forty - eight hour . martha I happen to know he 's sink he life 's savings into this place . I read the carbon paper . judy gee , I wish there be something we could do to help . bob maybe there be . phil you get a flash ? bob a glimmer . have to stir it around a bit . phil ( to the girl ) shhh ! ( indicating Bob , tapping he forehead ) tick away madly . wheel within wheel . this be the brain that , in darkest Italy , devise a formula to make food out of k - ration ! shhhhhh ! as he regards Bob with something akin to awe , we dissolve to : mo . shot - int . lobby - ( night ) the last of the supper audience be leave . we see into a room which adjoin the reservation desk and Bob be on the phone . close shot - int . inn office phil be sit on the desk while Bob talk . bob ( into phone ) relax ... I do not ask you how much it will cost we ... ( we hear a excited high voice on the phone ) easy , easy , remember you blood pressure ... I do not care how much it will cost we ... that 's better ... have everybody on the train first thing in the morning . the whole troupe , and the scenery , and the costume ... you will have to cancel we off the Ed Harrison show ... oscar , remember you blood pressure . incidentally , how much will this cost ? ( he hear some figure . - it obviously be a very large number ) good night , oscar . ( he hang up ) there you be . phil incidentally , how much will this cost ? bob ( clear he throat ) we be come out - even . phil you mean flat ? bob that 's the same as even . phil wheel within wheel . it 's nice how you take care of the money for both of we because you be older and so level head . I wonder where I would be now if have not save you life ? bob do you want I to cancel the troupe come ? phil ( get off the desk ) no , no . let 's go through the gesture . if you have be on the Titanic when it go down , you would not have be satisfied just to sink into the ocean . ( gesture ) you would have do a swan dive into it . with I on you back ! dissolve to : full shot - columbia inn floor - ( day ) the scene be a melee of the excitement accompany preparation for the show . the little stage have be enlarge - the drapery pull back right and leave and a side wall push back a little farther . there be hammer and painting go on in various part of the room . trunks have be unpack and wardrobe hang up in odd place , as more trunk arrive . Girls in abbreviate rehearsal clothes walk around , do cartwheel ; two people sing at the piano ; six girl kick in unison ; altogether , it be quite a contrast to the bareness of the previous scene . the camera truck through all the activity , take in we group at the doorway , which feature Bob and phil , the girl stand nearby . martha and Susan be amaze at the activity . martha I can not believe it ! you mean you bring the whole show up here ? bob when you hire the Stewart sister you also hire a New York show . it be in the small print . phil and you can not get out of it . we have get lawyer . susan I can not thank you enough , but I wonder if gramp will let you do it ? phil why not ? martha his pride . when he decide he 's go into bankruptcy he like to go . bob now just a second . we be not do this for he ! phil oh no ! we be bring the show down here to rehearse ! bob the company 's be get a little rag . we would appreciate the use of the hall . phil of course we do not expect it free ! bob we will pay a little , but not much . - you see , the audience will be guinea - pig -- and for we , that 's quite a improvement . this have not fool Susan . she throw she arm around Bob and then phil . susan I do not know what to say ! she can not refrain from tear of gratitude and turn and run out . there be a moment of silence . bob I hope this be not a indication of advance age , get kiss out of gratitude . phil you do not expect a girl that pretty to kiss you because she want to ? bob a body keep hope . Betty step up to he and give he the biggest smack . Bob be quite surprised . betty ( sincerely ) that be the nicest thing I ever see anybody do . bob it be still gratitude . phil ( to Judy ) I be he partner . I be entitle to half the credit . ( Judy step up to he and just peck he on the cheek , then join she sister in rehearsal ) she 's not as grateful as she sister . they look off through the exit and see a move van unload scenery , as the General arrive in he buggy . he step down and look with amazement at the scenery pass by . dissolve to : ext . inn - ( day ) - mo . close shot - waverly , bob and phil waverly be look interestedly at the going on , but be puzzle . the boy exchange a glance . waverly ( finally ) I be not clear about some of it . explain it again . phil ( not too good a job ) well , sir . we have this show , and we laid off for the holiday . you see , business be bad . waverly I know about business be bad . go on . phil yes sir . well , so we figure as long as we have the opportunity we would do a little rehearse . right here . waverly why here ? ( there be a hint here of the General ) phil look to Bob for help as they move toward the lobby . the troupe be busy transport the costume , etc. , from the move van to the dining room auditorium as the above scene be play . bob well , sir , this nice empty room . the minute we look at it we say it be ideal . do not we ? phil that 's what we say . ideal . bob and then we will have a audience to play to . you see , sir , you need a audience on which to try out you new material . waverly where be you go to get the audience ? phil oh , what guest there be in the other hotel . they be pretty bored here without snow , and a New York show 's kind of a novelty in vermont . waverly I would think so . ( he think ) how will they know you be here ? bob oh , word get around . phil yes sir , and we also take the girl twice around the town for a little run . they be stiff from the train . in they practice clothes . bob make the blood circulate , waverly ( hers no dope ) hmm . whose blood ? bob and phil yes sir . waverly apparently there must be a lot about show business I do not understand . phil it will come to you , sir . bob it just take time . phil we would not be any good as general . waverly you be not any good as private ! phil ( point to Bob ) he be a officer , sir . waverly only to confuse the enemy . he turn away and go to he quarter . dissolve to : mo . shot - int . inn floor - ( day ) the company be rehearse as Bob and phil enter . bob that 's all for today , kid . people break off what they be do and begin to drift out . Bob and phil have go toward Betty and Judy . bob get a little rest before tonight 's performance . phil ( to Judy ) I will walk you over . bob phil ! ( he take a sheet of music out of he inside pocket ) look this over , I want to try something . phil ( to Judy ) see you later . the girl go . phil go toward the piano , Bob go toward martha , who be on the phone , accept reservation . full shot - room Bob take martha by the arm and seat she in the middle of the room as a audience of one . phil look up from the piano , puzzle . the sunset be visible through the window and there be a mood of quiet . martha guinea pig ? bob ( nodding ) that 's the idea . want you to hear a song I just write . martha if it 's a love song , do not get too close . bob it be not . just tell I how you think the Old man would feel about this one . he leave she and go to the piano and they do what can you do with a general , solely for martha . toward the end of the song -- mo . close shot - general waverly unseen by the other he be stand by the door listen to the song . mo . shot - int . room the boy finish the number . martha applaud and Bob bow . martha ( very move ) I think it 's just wonderful -- close shot - susan - at kitchen door she be stand there , drying she eye with she apron . susan I think so , too . close shot - waverly - at the door waverly I be afraid I disagree . the song be funny , but there be one thing wrong with it . phil' voice what 's that , sir ? waverly it 's true . I would rather you do not . full shot - int . inn floor Bob and phil exchange a quick glance . bob and phil yes , sir . the General turn and exit toward the lobby , the camera pan with he , a lonely figure walk through the lobby , the camera stopping on a poster advertising tonight 's performance . dissolve to : full shot - int . inn floor - ( night ) it be fairly - well fill . Bob , phil , Betty , Judy and the ensemble be perform a number which be a minstrel show routine do to lyric and music . Bob and phil be end man , Betty be interlocutor , and Judy be later introduce as Mandy . this take Judy and phil into a dance to the song mandy . this entire number be do in white - face with stylize costume and set . during the applause and bow , we CUT to : mo . shot - waverly table waverly , flanke by Susan and martha , be at a large table . the other occupant be local hotel owner and they wife . first owner great show , waverly . waverly thank you . second owner we need something like this . I have six checkout , and when they hear about this they decide to stay . first owner same here . ( Big smile ) much oblige . waverly glad to help . martha and Susan beam ; all be well . dissolve to : full shot - int . inn floor - ( night ) it be empty and most of the light be out . at a considerable distance from camera martha extinguish the last light , except for a small work light which be service Bob , who be finger the piano key and write music note , hard at work . full shot - girl ' bungalow in the background we see the boy ' bungalow . mo . shot - int . girl ' bungalow Betty and Judy be in twin bed , the light be come in from the moon . the girl be see in profile . judy ( talkative ) the moon ! I can not get over the moon up here . the size of it ! betty ( in a quiet mood ) same one they have all over . judy they will never prove it to I . and everything smell so beautiful . ( she breathes ) what be it - pine or fir ? betty ( small sniff ) we be near the bakery . judy ( friendly , not realize the stab ) you know you trouble , Betty ? you be not romantic . Betty turn and look toward she . since Judy do not see she , Betty 's expression be a true reflection of how she feel . judy everything 's so wonderful here , so pretty , so exciting , I can not understand how you stay freeze up . let yourself go , go , like I ! betty ( afraid to ask ) which one be it ? judy what do you mean ? betty Bob or phil ? judy neither . betty you mean both . judy ( smiling ) it 's the same . no one be go to break up we act . betty be not there one you prefer over the other ? judy the way phil dance , and he 's funny . it 's easy to see yourself marry to he . betty ( a effort ) and Bob ? judy he 's different , deeper , and he 's funny , too . it would be nice to be marry to both of they . betty good thing they be not a quartette . judy ( oblivious ) if I be Catherine the great , that 's what I would do . phil in the daytime , Bob at night . or should it be the other way around ? close shot - judy and betty shoot past Betty . be it possible we Betty have a suspicion of a tear ? judy phil would be more fun in a night club , but eventually a girl want a pipe and slipper fellow . that 's Bob , smoking a pipe and petting a cocker spaniel . still , phil could learn to smoke a pipe . break a fellow in to suit you be something every girl should go through . I hear it 's half the fun . which one do you like better ? Betty ? ( no answer . ) Betty ? ( softer ) be you asleep ? ( no answer . Judy turn over and close she eye ) Music have underscore this scene . Betty be wide awake . she be look toward the window . as the curtain billow outward we see a diffuse figure of Bob , sit on a fence , put out he pipe . this be follow by a equally diffuse figure of Betty , leave she bed , crossing the furniture , and join Bob . Bob take she in he arm . at this point we be bring back to reality by the wind slamm a shutter . this cause the diffusion to vanish , and Betty get out of bed and put on she robe . dissolve to : int . inn kitchen - mo . shot - ( night ) we pan Betty to the refrigerator door , which she open . bob' voice tuna fish , on the lower shelf . Betty whirl around . mo . shot - betty and bob we see Bob be have a snack of he own . betty oh ! bob what be you do ? sleep -walk ? betty I could not sleep . bob Little young for that , be not you ? he get up and go to the refrigerator . his preoccupation with the food will permit Betty 's expression to be more obvious than she line , which be speak to tell the audience of she regard for Bob , since they significance must escape he . bob what shall I make you ? betty anything will do . bob if you tell I what you want to dream about I will know what to make you . betty ( amuse ) how 's that ? bob different food make for different dream . I have get a whole theory about it . it 's call " the wallace Way of wishful wooing . " you will find it in the american Medical Journal under ' W '. Ham and swiss cheese , for instance , you get a cool , thin , blonde girl . Turkey sandwich , you get a dark sort of stumpy girl , sexy though . now a liverwurst sandwich - ( he shake he head ) you get both girl at once . bad night . betty what do you dream on tuna ? bob darndest thing , I dream about I . betty ( evenly ) then I will have a tuna sandwich . Bob do not get the significance of what she have say . bob now that 's very flatter . tuna come up . ( he be occupy at the frigidaire while she watch he yearningly ) let I make you some warm milk . that will help the insomnia . betty ( meaningly ) no it will not . ( look straight at he back ) warm milk will not do it . bob whatever you have get on you mind be not worth stay awake for . betty I think it be . he smile at she , oblivious to the meaning behind she line . bob would you like to know how I handle a situation like that ...? betty tell I , Doctor ... Bob begin to sing count you blessing , as he prepare the warm milk and hand it to she . she drink it down . as he reach the second chorus , he start to dim the lamp on the table , Betty , pretend to be sleepy , lean she head toward Bob . he take a pillow from a nearby chair and put it between she head and she chair . she wait , eye close , expectantly . but Bob get to he foot , and carefully tiptoe to the door and exit , close it softly behind he . after a moment , Betty snap on the light , throw the pillow on the floor , and rest she chin in she hand , disappointed and wide awake . fade out fade in : long shot - int . inn floor - ( day ) various member of the company be in rehearsal clothes and sit around the room . the orchestra be play the introduction to phil 's number , which will employ a line of six girl who be just come on the floor . Bob be on stage supervise the rehearsal . Judy be stand across from the piano . Betty be seat on the sideline with she leg stretch over two chair . she be knitting a loud color argyle sock . phil , stand close by , have just finish roll up a ball of yarn . he look at Betty 's knitting , then at he foot . phil do not make they too tight . I wear size 12 . bob all right kid ! place ! let 's get go ! phil , you be on ! phil react . Bob cross to he stage manager station , which be a desk and high chair , where Albert be seat , not far from he wife , sylvia , who be sip a glass of water . Albert hold a stop watch and evidently help in the administration . bob ( to Albert ) how long be we so far ? albert a hour and ten minute . bob something have to come out . from he position , phil , in a series of leap and turn , reach center floor and begin he solo . close shot - betty she continue knitting while watch phil dance . as phil come to a portion where he speed up he step she unconsciously speed up she knitting , Bob have see she , and he look from she knitting and she look of admiration , which he mistake for affection , and then look from the sock to phil 's foot . at the end of the number , which be applaud by the witness , Judy run to phil and hug and kiss he , the camera staying at this distance . Bob , look at Betty , mistakenly see she disappointment . bob all right , place for the next number ! ( he turn to sylvia ) you be next , sylvia . ( sylvia and Albert exchange peculiar glance , Bob sense it ) what 's the trouble ? albert Mr. wallace - ( he be embarrassed to go on ) bob come on , out with it . albert I do not think sylvia ought to go on , unless you cut out the high kick and let she do some easy waltze . very easy waltze . Bob look from one to the other and they smile shyness indicate pregnancy . bob you be kid ! sylvia we do not want anyone else to know . albert please do not mention it . ( the orchestra start to play rockabye baby . sylvia and Albert be startle ) for heaven 's sake ! sylvia how do they know ? the girl start crowd around . girl ( ad libbing ) you would not tell we , would you ? we have to find out ourselves , etc . ( phil and Judy be among the group ) martha ( formally ) there will be a celebration of the forthcoming event tonight after the show ! ( everyone approve ) mo . shot - bob , phil and albert phil put he arm around Albert . phil obviously you be go to call the boy after I ! bob after you ? I hire sylvia ! the baby will be name after I ! phil I have be dance with she ! that 's more important ! the baby will be name after I ! bob the hire be more important ! after I ! phil the dance be more important ! after I ! albert I be she husband . ( small pause ) the baby will be name after I . bob well , we be go to need another dancer ! phil how about Judy , she know all the routine , she could pick it up in no time . they walk to the table where the coffee be , and the group now include Betty . bob on the other hand , it 's all right if we lose a number , we be run too long now . we have to cut somewhere . betty would not it be better if you cut my solo number ? I have never feel right in it anyway . ( indicating phil ) the show need every bit of he dance . bob ( interpreting this as mere selflessness for love ) well - betty there you be - painless . she turn away rather abruptly , since she be become emotional . Bob shake he head , impressed with what he think be she devotion . mo . close two shot - bob and phil Bob dunk a doughnut into he coffee as he look after Betty . he look at phil and shake he head . bob Greater love hath no woman than to give up a solo number . Old chinese say . phil ( all this be beyond he ) what be you talk about ? bob drink you coffee . dissolve to : full shot - waverly quarter - ( night ) this be the party later that evening . some people be dance . other be group about , and there be a general home party atmosphere . the General , martha and Susan be see help everyone to feel at home . the camera start on a long shot and dolly through the group , pass sylvia , where ad lib comment about the impending baby be sketchily heard . the camera continue toward the piano , where Bob and Betty be examine the music sheet of a man chase a girl . Betty look up and the camera follows she look to phil , who be dance with rita . rita nestle up close to phil . this be see by Bob and Betty . Bob smile . close shot - phil and rita on closer view , we can see that rita be the aggressor . phil ( refer to the grip ) do not you want I to breathe ? rita not especially . phil what 's get into you ? rita you be chase I in Florida . phil and you be run . what make you stop ? rita you be interested in Judy , be not you ? phil that 's it , eh ? unless it belong to someone else , a girl do not - ouch ! ( evidently rita have deliberately step on he instep ) scene from bob' viewpoint Betty be walk over to the dance couple and deliberately cut in on rita , who be displease , but can do nothing but yield . Bob 's reaction still imply that this be understandable since Betty love phil . he turn back toward the piano , and other couple be between he and Betty and phil . still at the same camera distance , we see Betty turn phil over to Judy . close shot - phil and judy Judy be a little cool . phil what 's the matter ? judy nothing be the matter . phil this be not the way you dance . judy some people dance closer than other . phil be delighted that she be jealous . phil yes , that 's true . I be one of the close one . that 's my type . he hold she closely , by force , dance , smile and pleased with himself . mo . full shot - room the dance music stop . the people disperse . mo . close shot - at piano Harry , the piano player , be play the last half of a man chase a girl . Bob and Betty be lean over the piano , Bob hum the melody . Betty pantomime to the other to quiet down . Bob start to sing the lyric . in the second chorus , he be join in the sing by Betty . during this chorus we CUT to show various reaction of the group , and end on phil , sit close to Judy , hold she hand . close two shot - phil and judy we hear Bob and Betty , off scene , continue to the end of the second chorus , on which phil , sotto voce , sing the last four bar . phil ( sing ; look at Judy ) and once you have catch he , do not ever let he go . applause follow the song . phil get up . phil lady and gentleman , I would like to make a announcement . full shot - crowd everyone quiet , wait to hear the announcement . phil it be my pleasure to identify the man who have be do the chase . I be he ! - or he ! - or it ! anyway , Judy have catch I . what I be try to say be , we be engage . he look fondly at Judy , take it for grant she be overwhelm at this method of announce to she that he be go to marry she . he hug she amidst a general reaction of congratulation . mo . shot - bob he be flabbergasted . mo . shot - group phil and Judy be separate by the congratulator . Betty , hide she emotion , grip phil 's arm . betty I hope you realize that you be get he most wonderful girl in the world . Bob see she emotion through the speech . Betty notice Judy upset , shaking off the people around she and run through the doorway to the kitchen . Betty make she way through the crowd to follow she , as the orchestra go into her come the bride . mo . shot - int . kitchen Judy be cry into she hand as Betty enter . betty darling , do not cry . judy ( turn to she ) I do not know he be go to make that announcement , I swear I do not . Betty put one arm around she . betty I know you do not . judy he have no right to do that . betty you do love he , do not you ? judy that do not matter . betty nothing else matter . judy we be not go to break up we act . phil enter the kitchen . phil I have be look for you , Judy . betty Excuse I . she go through the corridor toward the live room . mo . close shot - corridor off butler' pantry in the background we see the General in the butler 's pantry get some drink for the guest . he be not see by Betty who stop at the mirror in the corridor to wipe away a few tear . Bob come into view in the mirror , enter the corridor from the live room . bob do not take this too much to heart . phil be a great kid but constancy be not he long suit . betty I be not the least bit worried . ( phil and Judy enter from the kitchen ) frankly , this could not come at a better time . they want I to come back to the carousel again - I use to sing there before Judy and I team up - and I have to turn it down because they can only use a single . ( not too well ) so - this could not be more convenient . you stay with the show and I will go back to the carousel . judy when do you get this offer ? betty just today , as a matter of fact . I get a telegram . judy why do not you mention it before ? betty I do not want to hurt you feeling . judy where be the telegram ? betty I throw it away . what be this , a third degree ? you do not think I make it up ? judy yes , I do . there be a pause , and waverly , who have be watch each one , speak . waverly well now , I would not bet any large sum of money on that , since I take the message over the telephone , and I have to deliver the telegram . ( to take the tension off ) and she do not tip I , either . Betty look at he gratefully . judy oh , Betty ! ( she throw she arm around she ) I be sorry ! I misunderstand ! betty now , baby ! it 's all right ! phil well , everything 's fine now ! happy , he beam at Judy . mo . close shot - bob and waverly something bother Bob about this story . he look searchingly at Betty , puzzle . he do not notice waverly , who watch he watch Betty . slow dissolve to : long shot - railroad station - day train about to leave . the General be in the foreground sit in the buggy . Betty be say goodbye to he . Bob and the porter be take care of she luggage . general ( shout over noise of train ) where be you go to be ? betty the carousel . the General look at she , questioningly . betty ( whisper , during a lull in the noise ) I send they a telegram this morning . the General smile ; Betty wave a farewell to he and cross to the train , start up the step . the notion behind this scene be to be able to hear only intermittent dialogue due to the whistle , bell , and escape steam . the manner of play , though , indicate the sentiment . to emphasize it : Bob be fonder of Betty than he realize , and Betty fully realize how fond she be of he but that he do not return , consciously , she affection . we hear Betty : betty take care of my little sister . bob she can take care of herself . worry about the menfolk . now do not forget to write . betty I will send you picture postcard . not all of this be hear , since the sound effect pick they spot , but the attention be on the General , who be watch the scene with a whimsical look . he , as do the audience , realize Bob 's true feeling . as the train start to leave , Betty and Bob shake hand . she hold he handshake a little longer than necessary , and Bob be force to move along with the train . finally she release he , and Bob look after the train , puzzle . reverse angle the camera be now on the train platform , Bob out of sight . Betty wipe away a tear . in the background we see the General in the buggy notice this . mo . long shot - train in distance Bob be in the foreground , the General in the background . Bob join the General at the buggy . from waverly 's expression we can see that he have decide on a plan of action . waverly must be interesting to be a woman . bob the idea 's never occur to I , sir . waverly well , think about it . ( Bob be think about it ) well ? bob not interested ! waverly a man like you must be a expert on woman . bob it 's a little immodest to say so , but I consider myself a authority on the fair sex , I have make a study of the subject . they be simple creature . waverly they could not fool you ? bob I be single . waverly ' pride goeth before a fall . ' bob ' who know he own strength be twice armed . ' waverly it 's always a pleasure to meet a expert in any field . tell I , why do you think Betty go to New York ? bob ( not willing to admit it ) she have a job in the carousel . waverly expert , you be wrong ! she go to New York because she 's so in love with someone here she just could not stand it . bob phil . ( a mixture of resentment and frustration ) I be darn if I can figure out why . waverly I think you be a expert on woman . ( to the horse ) come on , delilah ! dissolve to : close shot - christmas tree angel - day the camera pan down from the ceiling and we see that the inn be be decorate for Christmas Eve . everybody be so engage , except that actively help phil and Judy rehearse . the attitude be slightly cool on Judy 's part , but it be lover 's coolness . phil ( fitting the action ) good , Judy . ( during the dance ) now the same as the middle part . they make a nice couple , with he arm around she waist , dance as one . reverse angle - bob he enter the room , and watch . he look intently at phil . phil and Judy dance closer to Bob . they see he . they continue dance , talk as they do . phil Betty get off all right ? bob ( slightly belligerent ) certainly . judy Betty leave something for you . she say to give it to you after she leave . it 's on the piano . Bob hear , nod , but keep stare at phil . phil become conscious of the stare . phil what 's the matter ? bob I do not get it . phil do not get what ? bob I just do not see it . you ' be skinny , you get a big nose , and you squint . phil who ? I ? bob yes , you ! nothing personal though . phil no , of course not . bob I be just try to figure out what anyone see in you . phil well , stop worry about it . when I ask you for a date just turn I down . come on , Judy . they dance away . Bob cross to the piano and pick up the package Betty leave for he . he open it up and it be a single knitted sock , the one she knitted on previously . he look through the box for its mate . there be none . the camera move closer to Bob , puzzle . dissolve to : close shot - blackboard - ( day ) paint at the top be the legend : weather forecast at the moment a hand be complete , in chalk : " no snow " after a moment , the hand return and draw two line through the " S " so that it now read , " no $ now " . camera pull back to reveal we be on : ext . pine tree post office - full shot Bob come out of the Post Office and mount a bicycle . he cycle down the street , whistling a man chase a girl . dissolve to : section of village - horseshoe pitching ground - mo . shot - ( day ) there be a group of elderly man , among they the hotel owner , pitching horseshoe . waverly be sit on a bench , ruefully look at the sign . first HOTEL owner ( start a new game ) how about it , waverly , want to play ? waverly ( look at he a moment ) I be too young for that sort of thing . first owner laugh goodnaturedly and continue play . Bob ride into the scene and dismount . mo . shot - bob and waverly Bob sit into the shot . waverly kind of warm for that kind of exercise , be not it ? bob ( try to help ) it be not very warm . ( he look to the sky ) I think the weatherman 's wrong about he forecast . that look like snow cloud to I . waverly ( without look up ) they be cumulus cloud , at a elevation of seven thousand foot . bob yes , sir . ( still try ) still , weather 's a funny thing . it could snow - overnight . waverly ( he think a moment ) I will tell you something I have not tell my family . I be go back in the Army . bob really , sir ? that 's great news ! waverly yes . I miss the Army . bob where be you go to be send , sir ? waverly well , I be not sure yet . I have always be a combat officer , but I get a idea they be go to try and palm off one of the training command on I . they would better not . they just better not . ( he 's work up now ) I be not ready for pitching horseshoe yet . ( he smile ) now nothing to the woman folk about this ! bob no , sir . waverly let 's mosey over to the post office , I be expect a letter any day . bob ( remember ) oh , I beg you pardon , sir . ( he pull the letter out of he pocket ) that 's what I come over to give you , it slip my mind . the General take the letter , he look at it front and back . waverly ( solemn ) this be the one . ( he open it , he squint . he look to Bob ) my glass be in my room . I would like to read it by myself , but I be a little anxious . ( he smile at he own predicament ) read it , son . slowly . bob ( reading ) dear Tom : why , you dirty , old - ( he stop ) waverly ( please ) skip that word . bob yes , sir . ( continue ) it certainly be a surprise hearing from you . you amusing letter be appreciate more than you imagine . of course you have get plenty of time to be amusing , sit on that porch , rock away , while we put in a full day 's work . you always be a lucky stiff , and I envy you . a few year more , I be say to Emmy the other evening , and I be go to be able to take it easy like old Tom . waverly ( just repeat ) Old Tom . bob oh , well , some people have all the luck . everyone in the family be fine here . Carol have the mump , which be no joke at eleven year of age - waverly the rest of the letter be about the family . ( Bob look at he , and then glance at the rest to see if it be so ) he 's tell I they have nothing for I , we be not fool each other . ( he hold have hand out ) thank you . ( Bob give he he letter . there be a pause . a attempt at be light ) say , it could not be hard to learn to pitch horseshoe . now could it ? bob ( trapped , unhappy for he ) no sir . ( his nerve up ) begging you pardon , sir , there 's a lot to be say for leisure . you be not use to it , you have always be active , but in time - he stop , see waverly 's expression . waverly wink at he . waverly ( quietly ) never kid a kidder . go on back to the hotel . bob yes sir . waverly get up to join the horseshoe player after all . Bob watch this reflectively as we fade out fade in : mo . shot - ( day ) - int . HOTEL room - bob and phil Bob be pack he valise , phil help he . phil Judy think my eye be soulful . do you think my eye be soulful ? bob one of they be . phil you have no poetry in you . it 's about time you go in for girl , too . after all , you have not many year leave for that sort of thing . Bob , he back turn to phil , come across the sock Betty knitted for he ; he hastily shove it into the bottom of have bag . bob ( over above ) I be the quiet type . Little do you know what 's age I . phil wheel within wheel , eh ? well , live it up , pop . eat , drink and be merry -- be that why you be leave for New York ? bob I tell you what I be seein ' Ed Harrison about . that 's all . phil Business , business . glad to be rid of you . you be not in the girly mood . bob ( easily annoyed at the moment ) what do you know about girl ? you would not know what to do with a girl if she fall on you ! phil well , I would know enough not to get up . there be a knock at the door and martha stick she head in . martha Mr. wallace -- gonna miss you train ! phil ( to Bob ) for she I would get up . as Bob slam he suitcase shut , dissolve to : 114a . ext . carousel club - mo . close - ( day ) a poster outside advertise the appearance of Betty Stewart . music be hear emanate from the club . dissolve through to : int . carousel club - mo . shot - ( day ) a rehearsal be in progress in the desert club . the chair be up on the table , musician in they shirt sleeve , as Betty sing a chorus of love , you didn't do right by I . as she finish , the orchestra leader turn to she . leader Betty - you really live that number . betty the story of my life . leader shall we try it over again ? betty ( meaningly ) I wish I could . dissolve to : int . carousel club - mo . shot - ( night ) it be alive with customer ; couple be dance on the floor , as a number end . Bob enter , and be conduct to a ringside table by a maitre d' . bob I be expect Ed Harrison . maitre d' very well , Mr. wallace . 116a . stage - mo . close Betty be stand at the microphone ready to sing . she see Bob . the leader raise he baton . betty ( stop he , sotto ) let 's not do the new number . leader what ? betty play " Blue Skies " -- anything . leader relax . just do it the way you sing it this afternoon -- you will be great . he give the downbeat , and Betty have no choice but to sing love , you didn't do right by I . she be assist in the second chorus by a vocal group . club - mo . shot as Bob watch she . when she finish the number , Betty step down from the platform and join Bob . betty ( as Bob hold the chair ) well , surprise . what bring you to the big city ? and do not say 'a train . ' ( forced gaiety , hide she tension ) bob I never hear you sing that well . that 's a good number for you . betty ( her own significance ) some number suit you better than other . what be you do here ? bob Business , business . meeting a fellow here . betty Judy all right ? bob she 's fine . could not be better . ( carefully ) play footsie with phil . betty that 's nice . bob I think they like each other . betty I do , too . bob ( eyeing she ) they be kind of suite , in a lot of way . betty some people be . bob thanks for the knitted sock . betty do not mention it . bob I think it be for phil . betty ( evenly ) if the sock fit , wear it . bob ( unsure of she meaning ) it start out for phil . betty it just start out as a sock . every line of the sock exchange should have the meaning of the love implication . bob you be a very odd girl . betty you be a very odd fellow . Bob be close to declare himself , if he be only sure of he ground . bob two foot , one sock . I must be . betty I will get around to the other one , eventually . bob you mean to do any knitting in the near future ? betty the feel come and go . bob think if the model hang around for a while ... the feel might be more permanent ? betty maybe . Bob lean over and take she hand . bob what 's this maybe , shmaybe , come and go ? Friends tell I I do not have many year leave for this sort of thing ... I ought to know right now if -- he be interrupt by ed harrison , who have be bring to the table by the maitre d' . ed Bob ! how be you ? bob hiya , Ed . ed ( he know Betty ) Betty . she nod , as Ed sit down . ed ( to Bob ) now what 's this big deal you want to discuss ? I should not even talk to you after cancel out on my show . bob ( carefully ) Ed , I see the old man . ed waverly ? where , in the Pentagon ? bob Pentagon , nothing . he own a little hotel in a winter resort in vermont . ed we old man ? bob nobody even know who he be . betty he 's too proud to let they know he 's General waverly . Ed look at she , surprised . ed ( to Bob , indicate Betty ) be she in we outfit , too ? bob vermont branch . ed what be we go to do about it ? you get a flash ? bob a glimmer . ed get to stir it around a little ? bob all stir . remember how Old flintbottom always use to find a way to keep we morale up ... without tell we ? it 's about time we return the favor . let 's surprise he with a real big bang - up reunion . ed now you be talk ! how do we spread the word ? Bob take a piece of paper out of he inside pocket and hand it to Ed . bob you be gonna read this little speech on you television show . people look at it , do not they ? ed ( scan the paper ) now 's as good a time as any to find out . as he continue to read the piece of paper , we dissolve to : mo . close shot - int . columbia inn lobby - phil in phone booth - ( night ) phil be excited . phil Bob , just leave it to I ! he will not get near a set if I have to break a leg ... Goodbye , Bob ! he open the door of the booth and hurry across the lobby toward Susan , who be at the desk , and bang on the bell , which be on the counter . martha come run from the kitchen . phil ( excitedly ) now everybody pay close attention . dissolve to : mo . close shot - int . television station - ( night ) Ed be about to go on the air . Bob be opposite he , out of camera range , the technical crew be watch the hand of the dial approach 60 . ed I hope phil have be able to keep the old man away from a television set . bob he have . in anything involve something crooked he 's dependable . mo . close shot - int . lobby columbia inn seat around the television set be waverly , martha and Susan . martha and Susan look at they watch and each other , nervously . waverly also look at he watch . waverly Ed Harrison will be on in a half minute . I like he . I never miss he . the woman be become very nervous . suddenly we hear off scene the most tremendous clatter dorm the stairway and phil 's shouting . phil ow ! ow ! ow ! waverly ( jumping up ) what 's that ? he run toward the stair . martha and Susan breathe a sigh of relief and follow waverly . mo . close shot - stair waverly run to the tangle phil . phil my leg be break ! ow , ow ! waverly take it easy , boy . ( he start feel he leg ) phil ow ! ow ! it 's break ! waverly no it be not ! you may have a bad sprain , but no bone be bust ! phil it 's break , sir . I can feel it . waverly let I help you . mo . close shot - int . television station the technician indicate for Ed Harrison to start as the second hand hit straight up . ed I would like to address all former officer , enlist man , wacs and nurse who be under the command of General Tom waverly -- mo . shot - int . columbia inn outside waverly office waverly and martha be help phil through the door . phil ow ! ow ! it 's break in two or three place ! waverly that 's just the impression you have ! I tell you it 's only shock ! the camera follows they into the office as they lay he out on the couch . waverly ( laying he out ) take it easy , boy ! phil do not leave I ! everything be go round and round ! waverly nobody 's leave you ! martha , get I a cold towel ! mo . close shot - int . television station ed the objective be pine Tree , vermont --- synchronize watch for operation waverly ... mo . shot - int . office phil have he eye close . waverly thing still go around ? phil now they be go sideways ! waverly take the wet towel from martha . phil now they be go in and out ! waverly slap the towel on he face . waverly this will bring he out of it . phil ( sitting up ) where be I ? waverly he 's all right . Judy burst into the room . judy phil , what 's happen to you ? phil assume a pain-stricken face again and Judy throw she arm around he . phil smile over she shoulder at waverly . dissolve to : full shot - night - country road silhouette of buss , Station in background , if desirable . mo . full shot - fork in road two man , with m.p. armband , slow up the buss . one be reveal to be phil . first m.p . all quiet , folk ! enter the town ! phil the Old man 's asleep ! let 's keep he that way ! the buss move on . dissolve to : mo . shot - night - int . lobby Bob and Betty tiptoe through the entrance to the inn . in the semidarkness of the lobby we hear a " sst - " , and Susan and martha be reveal have be wait for they . martha we have be wait for you . bob how be everything go ? susan just fine . betty they be bedd down in all the hotel . martha blow she nose . martha his old outfit ... if I be not such a mean old biddy , I would probably break right down and cry . ( she cry ) bob there 's nothing to cry about , be there ? he look to Susan and she begin to bawl . susan ( through the cry ) thank you so much . Bob look to Betty for support . bob can not you do something ? betty they be just affect by the gesture . she can not hold it back either , and now the three woman be cry . bob that 's fine . betty ( through she tear ) where be Judy and phil ? bob probably in they room , cry . they start out . dissolve to : mo . shot - ext . bungalow - night as Bob and Betty turn around the corner , they see phil and Judy , lock in a embrace . Bob have be in front , but he step back quickly , not want to embarrass the lover . betty who be it ? General waverly ? bob the lover . betty ( to Bob ) we can not just stand here . we have to get some sleep . she walk into sight , Bob follow . phil and Judy break , embarrassed . judy we be rehearse for the show tomorrow night . betty be it go to be that kind of a show ? we will be raid ! judy what be you do here ? what happen at the carousel ? betty I be help out here tomorrow . phil hi , bob. everything 's under control . ( fluster ) I mean with the show . we have get a lot of new material . you both be go to have to do a lot of rehearse . ( fluster again ) I mean the other kind of rehearse - I mean - rehearse well , good night , Judy . and he hold he hand out , and they shake hand , still flustered . judy good night , phil. good night , Bob . betty ( to both ) good night . fluster , the boy open the door to the girl ' bungalow , think it be they own . phil let 's get out of here before the gossip start . they all laugh . the girl enter they bungalow and put on the light . the boy head toward they bungalow . phil enter in a gay mood . Bob stop at the door , turn around and look toward the window of the girl ' bungalow . dissolve to : mo . shot - int . girl ' bungalow - night Judy be get into bed . Betty , in she dress gown , be look out of the window toward the boy ' bungalow . betty Bob be still pace up and down on the porch ... I think I will go out and see what 's bother he . judy that 's how I start in canton , Ohio . betty this be vermont . nothing can happen here . judy keep you guard up ... that be not coolidge out on that porch . Betty throw she a look , and exit . ext . boy ' bungalow - mo shot Bob stand on the porch , in robe and slipper , thoughtfully puffing at he pipe . Betty come into scene . betty what be you do ? sleep walk ? bob ( turn ) could not sleep . Betty come up on the porch . betty whatever you have get on you mind be not worth stay awake for . bob where have I hear that ? betty tell you how I handle a situation like this , Doctor . she start to sing , count you blessing . at the conclusion , she walk away , leave he stand there . fade out fade in : close shot - arched sign in front of inn - ( night ) this sign announce the show open . people be stream into the inn . mo . shot - int . waverly quarter the General be in he dress gown , furious . martha and Susan be play a part . waverly how could you send all my suit to the cleaner ? martha you have only get two . susan why can not you wear you uniform ? waverly I will not appear in uniform ! susan please , gramp . waverly absolutely not ! martha very well . I will explain to Bob and phil that you do not care to come to the show tonight . waverly I will have you court- martial ! martha you do not mind be ungrateful , you just do not like be tell you be ! susan ( follow it up ) if you think you do not owe they anything , you be not oblige to go . martha they have not do much for you . hardly anything . you do what you think be right ! waverly ( angrily ) martha , I will make my own decision ! I get along very well in the army without you ! martha it take 15,000 man to take my place ! she stalk out . dissolve to : full shot - inn floor - ( night ) it be slowly fill up . one of the guide official turn out to be the sheriff we have previously see . pete ( seating a party ) right this way . mo . shot - int . makeshift dressing room - bob and phil they be get into they old uniform , which be slightly misfit . bob ( at the trousers ) this thing 's shrink . phil ( look at the bulge ) pant always shrink in closet . bob I can not breathe in this . what be I go to do ? phil I know what I be go to do . ( show he ) I be go to take one big deep breath , and that 's go to be it for the next three hour . Bob take a deep breath and get the top button buttone . mo . shot - lobby stairway - ( night ) General waverly come down the stair , cut quite a figure in he uniform and decoration . martha and Susan , wait for he at the bottom , look he over , admiringly . waverly ( gruffly ) well , I could not come down in my bathrobe . full shot - inn floor the spotlight prepare , pinpoint the General as he enter the room , and the music start . the audience rise and applaud . he can not believe it . he reach he table , decorate with flower , and recognize he be the guest of honor . from the lobby we hear the outfit singing the open strain of the old man . all eye turn to the lobby entrance , through which the old outfit march , and continue to the stage , and then back to they respective table as the song finish . mo . shot - waverly he be profoundly move and walk to the stage . the audience be seat . waverly look at the assemble crowd with great affection . the people begin to shout , " speech ! speech ! " martha and Susan sit . the crowd quiet , wait for the speech . waverly ( he must have have a blood transfusion from a sergeant at some time ) I be not satisfied with the conduct of this division ! some of you man be under the impression that have be at anzio entitle you not to wear neckty ! you be wrong ! neckties will be wear in this area ! I have also notice a deterioration in the quality of salute ! this be to be improve ! I have also have complaint from the commanding officer of the rest area in naple ! he inform I that the non-fraternization rule be constantly be break by man of this division ! in fact , this division be outstanding in its violation of non-fraternization ! you all know the rule ! the non - fraternization ban expressly declare you be not to talk to woman ! ( a slightly different tone ) do not talk to they ! that be all ! they howl and cheer . he make have way toward he own table , greeting old friend on the way . mo . close shot - bob and phil as they step to the front of the stage . bob ( to the audience ) do not that bring back memory ? remember that terrible , try day in Italy ... when we have to beat the woman off with chocolate bar ? phil and be not it awful the way they keep bother we for american cigarettes ? why , I must have teach fifty girl how to smoke ... bob for a month 's pay all we get be 950 million lira ... phil nine hundred and fifty two ... bob I be force to hire a caddy for my loose change . phil fore ...! bob I be glad I be well out of it . phil look at he . phil who be we kid ? this be the cue for the orchestra to start the production number , I wish I be back in the army . at end of number - audience - full shot as they applaud and cheer . the old outfit be happy . in the exultation , General waverly place two finger to he lip and blow a whistle of sheer pleasure and approval . we underscore with music indicate another number be take place on stage , although we do not see it . section of audience - mo . close Ed Harrison cross to General waverly and whisper to he . ed harrison Long distance call for you , sir . waverly look surprised , but rise and start out . Bob , visible in b.g. , have be watch . he and Harrison exchange know glance . at HOTEL desk - mo . shot the lobby be empty ; in b.g. be the door to the dining room , where the show be in progress . the telephone lie on the counter . waverly enter and cross to it . he be a little annoyed at be force to leave the entertainment . waverly ( into phone , gruffly ) hurry up , hurry up , I be busy . yes , this be General waverly . he suddenly snap to attention , the old soldier . waverly ( quietly ) and a merry Christmas to you , Mr. President ... yes , practically the whole outfit be here . a little paunchy , but they be here . it certainly be a surprise -- more like a frameup . as usual , my Intelligence be not function efficiently ... yes ? ( Long pause ) that 's very nice of you , Mr. President ... any time you want I , just say the word ... but may I add this ? it be not always necessary to take a job ... sometimes it 's enough just to know it 's there . through the window behind the General we have see it begin to snow . the General notice it for the first time , and he face brighten . waverly if you ever take it into you mind to grab a little rest from all that work I wish you would drop in on we here -- I can not promise you any golf but -- ( as he look at the fall snow ) -- we can certainly give you plenty of snow , Mr , President ... yes , Mr. President ... what ? ( smile ) thanks , ike . he hang up the phone , and proudly , head erect , he walk through the lobby , smile , eye wet . he lift the bell on the desk with a loud bang . martha hurry in , startle . martha you frighten I to death ! that bell have not be use for three month ! general get this area police up . no tell who might be drop in . martha salute . martha yes , sir ! she and the General gaze at the snow fall beyond the lobby door which be blow open by the wind . underneath all this we have be hearing the introductory music to white christmas , which be the number now in progress on the stage . waverly now turn and walk into the dining room . int . dine room - moving camera camera follows waverly on he entrance . as he pass Susan , we see she be reacting to something on the stage . camera pass waverly and move to : stage - full shot - moving camera Center stage , there be a large cutout of a decorate Christmas tree . also , there be considerable Christmas holly , mistletoe , etc . Bob and Betty be see sing . throughout action of this number phil and Judy dance . in addition there be stage movement by the ensemble . Bob and Betty be on each side of the cutout Christmas tree , but it be obvious that Betty be preoccupy with some stage business which she be manipulate with one hand behind the cutout tree . camera follows Bob and Betty as they movement take they behind the tree . it be now that we see very clearly that the rear wall of the stage ( two immense barn door ) have open ; in b.g. we see the vermont countryside be cover by the fall snow . also , we see pine tree in the snow that be decorate . Betty steer Bob to a point directly beneath a sprig of mistletoe from which be also hang the mate to the sock she give he in scene 110 . Bob look up , see the mistletoe and the sock , and smile at Betty . she lift one of he trouser leg and we see that he be wear the other sock . they laugh and embrace . reverse shot - from dine room the cutout tree onstage rise to the fly and now the real tree and fall snow in b.g. be completely visible . one by one , the tree be light . audience - mo . close martha and Susan be stand happily beside the General , each hold one of he arm . ext . vermont town - extreme high shot - ( miniature ) a church bell be frame in the foreground , and , far in the distance , we see the town and the Inn and the snow as we fade out the end