white squall by Todd Robinson revise first draft October 31 , 1994 fade in : super : a true story - mystic harbor connecticut 1994 credit over wind on the water . soaring gull and sand piper glide over the piling and sagging bulkhead . older chuck ( v.o. ) though I have not see or speak to sheldrake in over thirty year , it seem impossible that he heart be the thing that have finally fail he ... int . late model car - same chuck gieg , 49 , thin , windswept and handsome , be behind the wheel . he pull down a narrow cobble stone street that lead to the wharf . older chuck ( v.o. ) I never get close to he , nobody do . but by the time we make Tampa , I be sure I know who he be , that I understand what he see , what nourish he soul and test he faith ... ext . wharf - day Chuck stare out across the harbor . in the distance , the echoe of sing mast . shroud and canvas softly ping . the small boat of mystic tug restlessly at they mooring . older chuck ( v.o. ) he have take we to worship , where , what be for he , the holy of holy . and , for we too by the end ... ext . doctor office - later Chuck stand silently on the periphery of a gather of people . they surround a small building , a neighborhood clinic . a wear gray stone , long in the earth , dedicate the structure . in memory of natalie " alice " sheldrake M.D. , captain wife and ship' surgeon of the brigantine albatross - may 2 , 1961 next to the stone a funeral urn . a young minister grope for meaning . minister I do not know Richard sheldrake personally , but he many friend who know and work with he , want to make sure that he be return home , here , to be remember with he beloved wife ... Chuck gaze out at the sleepy harbor , the minister 's voice fade away . the afternoon wind be come up with the tide . he quietly head towards the water . drifting , draw , lose . older chuck ( v.o. ) though he have move on with he life , now even for the year , to hear he eulogize by stranger , seem strange . he have be a hewner of stone , a pilot by the silent star . like I , alone among many . but most of all for we , the crew of the brigantine Albatross , he be always and would forever be ... we skipper . a ship' bell turn he around . ding ding . ding ding . a beautiful three masted schooner steady on the water slip into port . a picture out of another time , another place . it take he away ... dissolve to : ext . forest - water tower - day a tower monolith , surround by tall oak and sycamore . the tower be immense . a single ladder run up to the top . at the top just above the tree top , the view be spectacular . chuck gieg , 16 , sit thin and unsteady . Chuck 's gaze be draw upward -- to the building spring cumulus cloud . Chuck 's older brother will , 18 , stout , self assure , pull himself to the top . will you gonna jump ? or be you just have a last look ? chuck I be just think that I never have a new pair of shoe till I be twelve . will it 's no my fault I be bear first . besides , nobody ever send I on a eight month vacation , so ease up on the sad sack stuff . chuck it 's not a vacation , it 's private school . will I think this be you dream come true . chuck that 's not why he 's send I . will why then . chuck because it look good . Chuck look out , yearn . will consider he , troubled . chuck I be just not like you . ya know ? I be never go to go to Yale . I be never go to be " William " . will nobody say you have to be like I . chuck he do . will you do not give he enough credit chas . Chuck take a last look at the building cloud . the sky rumble . distant thunder . will we better go . ext . gieg house - day maple street , USA , tree line and quaint . the gieg home be a modest two story house with a cover porch . the family station wagon be poise for departure . charle , 45 , a generally serious man brood as middy , they mother , 40 , soft and thoughtful , exit the house . Chuck and will appear from the wood . charle ( tick ) you plan on make this plane or not ? will do not take any wooden nickel kemosabe . chuck I will not . will shove out a hand at Chuck . will and lighten up will ya . Chuck hug he anyway and walk to the passenger side . Charles toss he the key , like he 's do he a big favor . int . car - day Chuck sit in the driver seat . middy be in the back . Charles slam the trunk and get in . before Chuck turn the ignition ... charle now just take it easy . we be not go to a fire . Chuck react . outside will watch as the car pull away . car - moving the gieg drive in silence . middy read from a brochure . middy honey , do you know that the Albatross be capture by the Germans during World War ii ? chuck no , I do not . middy it say she be originally schooner rig , but Captain sheldrake turn she into a brigantine . I think square rig look so much more romantic . chuck I too . charle appearance be not everything . keep you mind on the road . Chuck pull over to the side of the road . charle what be you do ? Chuck hand he the key . chuck I do not feel like drive . okay ? Charles regards he oddly . ext . airport gate - day the National Airlines boe 707 be bigger than anything Chuck have ever see . passenger begin board . Charles stand away , detach . middy do you have you ticket ? chuck yes . middy passport ? chuck look , I just better go . middy hug she son . chuck Goodbye Mom . I will be okay . middy I know you will . Chuck face he dad . charle make we proud . chuck yes sir . Charles extend he hand . they shake . then Chuck hurry away into the crowd . Charles and middy watch until he be out of sight . int . plane - day Chuck settles into he seat next to the window . he watch as the world slip away beneath the wing of the 707 . ext . airport custom - bermuda - day another world . Chuck stand in line at the custom booth . he crane he neck to see the brilliant blue water and coral reef beyond the runway . Three other boy be ahead of he in line . the custom agent go through every piece of luggage . tod johnstone , 16 , thin and blonde , be in a heat argument with one of the agent about he spear gun . rick MARCH , 17 , wise - crack and confident , shake he head , smile . he spot Chuck , move through the line and shove out a hand . rick Albatross ? chuck yeah . rick Rick March . who the hell be you ? chuck gieg , Chuck . rick look , meet we out front when you be through . if they try to take anything away from you like johnny quest up there , just make a list and we will have them send it down to the boat . chuck whatever . one of the agent start pull thing out of Rick 's duffel bag . he find a dive knife . rick hey , hey !! that 's my stuff !! ext . austin cab - moving - day the car whizze through the narrow street of bermuda . calypso music sing from the radio . the street be line with small coral house and exotic palm . int . car - same the boy be jamme inside with they thing . in addition to Chuck , Rick and tod , be charlie stratton , also sixteen . tod well ricky boy , spear gun or no , it 's sweet to be back in the world of rum and honey . rick I gotta admit I never think you would be back after the great " bowsprit affair " . tod I and skipper have a meeting of the mind . charlie how 's that ? tod I begge . chuck ( warming a little ) what the " bowsprit affair " ? rick well , Romeo here be on harbor watch and manage to sweet talk one of the local girl to have a go in the bowsprit . tod not just any ' local ' girl . rick the ' local ' mayor 's ' local ' daughter . tod smile , reminisc . charlie thing be , the net in the basket be not very comfortable , so tod -o wrap they up in the jib . after the deed be do ... rick he say they do the deed ... tod trust I , we do the deed . charlie after the " alleged " deed be do , they fall asleep . Big daddy lawford come on deck at four bell and hear casanova saw log . tod believe I , I need the rest ... charlie he get the whole crew on deck , get we on the halyard , and order the old " heave ho ... " . rick up go the jib and out roll tod -o and the mayor 's daughter , naked as pilot whale ... charlie ( to tod ) I do not know who be more surprised , you or Big daddy . tod to tell you the truth , I think it be she father . at the top of a hill , the harbor come into view . rick well gentleman , there she be . the cab stop . besides many colorful fishing boat , be the albatross . at ninety - two foot , she dwarf everything in the harbor . her white hull glow like ivory and she twin mast and yard arm tower above she deck . breathtake . charlie Home sweet hell on the water . ext . dock - day the boy pile out of the taxi . what seem like a pristine ship from the hill look like a rust bucket up close . the white paint be streak and barnacle cover the hull . look of disappointment . chuck what happen to it ? a voice from behind turn Chuck . bill she clean up . we will have she ship shape before we shove off . this be bill butler , 15 , remove , the youngest of the crew and ... first mate . Bill give Chuck a friendly slap on the back and climb aboard . he be greet by a Viking giant of a man , lawford , 37 , and bearded , the ship 's English professor . puff on a huge Havana cigar , he stare coolly down at tod and the other . he speak with the voice of mose . lawford " that this same child of honor and renown , this gallant hotspur , this all praise knight , and you unthought - of Harry chance to meet . for every honor sit on he helm , would they be multitude , and on my head . my shame redouble ! for the time will come ... Chuck feel something and look up where he meet the intense stare of a man stand between the deck cabin . they eye lock . lawford ... that I shall make this northern youth exchange , he glorious deed for my indignity . " then , the man be go . haunting . only Chuck have see he . tod smile back at lawford impishly . tod would you be address I , sir ? lawford I would . rick what 's that suppose to mean ? lawford ( beat ) Henry the iv part I Act I scene ii . I suggest you read it . lawford sneer and walk away . it 's all a show . charlie it mean Shakespeare . b-o-r-i-n-g. bill it mean if he catch anybody basket - napping on watch this passage , he 's gonna use they lizard for ' cuda ' bait . rick ( lightly ) well that 's a hell of a how - do - you - do . bill Drop you gear , go below and pick yourself some bunk . Chuck and the other climb aboard . int . MAIN cabin - day Chuck make he way down the companionway into the main cabin . other crew member be already unpack . the sleep arrangement be pullman - style with two row of bunk on each side of the cabin . in the middle of the room be a gimbale table . this be where the crew will eat and study . rick listen up . this be Chuck gieg . among the crew -- feature robin weather , 16 , a cherub with soft puffy cheek and terry lapchick , 17 , skinny and rodent-like . Robin approach with a hand extend . he carry a 8x10 photo of a young man in a football uniform . robin I be Robin . Chuck regards the photo . robin ( flat ) that 's my brother . he 's dead . apprehensively Chuck shake and retreat to a lower bunk . Robin tack up the picture above he bunk . Terry unpack in front of one of the lower berth . a loud " thud ! " turn everyone around . a duffel bag lie at the bottom of the companionway . a large impose figure climb into the cabin . this be JOHN goodall , 17 , over six foot , big and broad . his hair be slicked back " Dean " style and wear a full day 's growth of bread on he face . compare to the other , he look all man . everybody clear from he path . he stop in front of the lower , center bunk ( Terry 's bunk ) and drop he bag . JOHN I will take this one . terry you probably do not notice , but this bunk have be take . John just glare at he , then dump all of Terry 's thing onto the blanket on the bunk , gather it up and toss it into the remain upper berth . Terry watch , intimidate . JOHN anybody gotta problem with that ? rick ( beat ) absolutely not . John climb into he bunk and close he eye . Bill enter , follow by several adult . dr . alice sheldrake , 30 , smart , attractive and tough , be ship 's surgeon and skipper 's wife . lawford appear with GEORGE pascal , 30' from Brazil , dark , and fit . bill alright , listen up . this be Dr. Alice sheldrake . the guy stumble over only half listen . alice I be ship 's surgeon . I be in charge of aches , pain , biology , math and science . bill George pascal here be ship 's cook . GEORGE if you want to keep all you finger , stay the hell out of my galley unless you be invite . bill some of you already know Mr. lawford . lawford I have be charge with the dubious task of insure you literary education . lawford put a hand on Bill 's shoulder . lawford Bill butler be you first mate . but do not let he size fool you . Bill give a half reluctant wave . mike so when the hell do we get to meet El capitan ? snicker . terry ( aside ) maybe he 's get he wooden leg wax . laughter . a sound stop the laughter . almost on cue , the sound of slow methodical footstep , pace the deck above they . then a shadow fall across the skylight , block the light . ominous . they all notice and look up . lawford ( mysterious ) you will meet he . soon enough . int . MAIN cabin - sunrise Dawn glow orange in the skylight above the cabin . the only sound be the heavy , even breathe of slumber . suddenly , a booming voice rumble down the companionway . lawford ( o.s. ) arise , arise , arise ... Chuck wake , disorient . Terry bolt upright and hit he head on the low ceiling . ouch . tod , Rick and Charlie be up instantly . lawford 's voice echoe through the ship . lawford ( o.s. ) exultation be the go / of a inland soul to sea / past the house / past the headland / into deep eternity / bred as we , among the mountain / can the sailor understand / the divine intoxication / of the first league out from land ? ( pause ) but I suppose we will answer that question soon enough gentleman . soon enough . terry what question ? Chuck try to assimilate lawford 's word . Robin swing he foot over the side of he bunk with a torture look . John roll over and pull he pillow over he head . robin ( foggy ) what the hell be go on ? chuck maybe it 's a air raid . in crisply press short and shirt , Bill butler step through the aft bulkhead . he raise a bowswain 's whistle and blow . ooowwweeeeooo !!!! Chuck and Robin grab they ear . it 's a nightmare . Terry jump and hit he head again . bill Roll out sailor ! all hand on deck ! sixty second . sixty second . he blow the whistle again . this time it bring even John to he foot , stare down at Bill in a blind rage . Bill look up and casually notice he . bill you gotta problem goodall ? JOHN you blow that thing again I will shove it so far up you ass , you be gonna need dental floss to get it out . bill just get on deck . Bill turn and disappear topside . ext . deck - dawn the sun have barely crack the horizon as the crew stagger onto the deck , shirtless and shiver . bill line up ! single file . single file . the crew line up . John be the last one through the hatch and he let we know he boundary be be press . bill everybody swim . the boy be aghast . lawford do not think people , just go ! go , go , go , go , go !!! swim you win , stay you pay !! Rick be the first one through the gunnel door , follow by tod and Charlie . they howl and scream as they hit the water . the rest follow like lemming . but John stand defiantly with he arm fold . bill now what 's the problem , goodall ? everybody swim . the crew be pile back on deck . George stand in the open galley door . the smell of fresh bacon be intoxicating . JOHN I do not . lawford you will if you wanna eat . right George ? George nod , wield a butcher knife . the crew stand shiver , wait on John . JOHN ( to Bill ) you gonna swim for you breakfast ? Bill give John a long look then strip to he short , swing into the rigging and climb up to the first yard arm . he look down at the water some twenty - five foot below . it 's a long way . Robin turn away . lawford boom in a voice that echoe across the harbor . lawford " down , down beneath the deep , that oft in triumph bore he , he sleep a sound and peaceful sleep , with the salt wave dash over he . " -- Lord Byron gentleman . with that Bill leap and hit the water with a huge kersplash ! he swim to the board ladder , pull himself up and get in John 's face . bill everybody swim . now , I have be in twice . so I guess I will be eat you breakfast too . John consider he , then strip off he shirt . but instead of walk over to the gunnel door , he jump into the ratline , climb to the foretop and look down . he manage a thin smile then climb to the second set of ratline past the third yard and continue to the top yard arm -- the topgallant . it 's a pissing contest and everybody know it . mike I get five buck say he do not . CHRIS I get five that say he do not live . tod I will take a dollar of that . robin this be crazy ! Robin refuse to watch . the other share a look . John make he way along the foot rope and stand at the end of the yard . he toss a look towards Bill but with no way to back down , he launch into the air . everyone gasp as he thunder through the air in a broad swan dive . falling , fall , fall ... chuck Jesus . robin I can not watch this . John hit the water like a bullet . the crew run to the side wait for he to come up . nothing . finally , he break the surface . easy . he climb up wait , somehow , to claim victory . suddenly , they all feel it . a presence . he have appear silently on top of the chart House , like a phantom gaze down at they , back light by the sun the boy must squint to see he . richard sheldrake , ( skipper ) , ageless and windswept , casually reach up to a block and tackle with one arm and glide to the deck . he be powerfully build and bronze from the sea and sun . he carrier the burden of command like a cross . Soft -spoken and remote , he be a man to be reckone with . the crew know they be in the presence of someone larger than life . bill skipper on deck ! the crew line up clumsily . skipper have a gaze that blaze right through they . he look out to sea . search , ominous . he wait until the silence be fill with everyone 's attention . skipper you know what 's out there ? wind and wave and rain . Endless glassy pool that will hold a sailing ship for week and then spit she out into the eye of the kind of hurricane . a blow that could knock the bridge off a battleship . reefs and rock and sandbar that will tear the belly from she and enough fog and night to hide it all . he spit into the water . the crew sheepishly throw glance to the horizon . skipper so look out there ... and explain to I why any man in possession of any sense at all , would take on the sea with sail ? skipper turn he gaze back to the boy . there be a fire in he eye . nobody dare answer . skipper because there 's something else out there . it beckon in the wind and sing in the shroud . voice . whisper ... his ear to the wind . skipper they be voice of man . Calling . Men you do not even know . Men you can not even imagine . it 's a seed , a wish , that part of you and I that aches to be alive , that be banish by everything we have ever be teach or tell . it 's a part of we that can only be find on mountain top and desert , in the deep cavern , smoking battle field and ... across ocean . he turn back to the sea , dark . skipper out there , be where it all wait . older chuck ( v.o. ) he be everything I have expect , part ahab part queeg and even bligh . he speak in whisper and answer all query with efficiency and directness . he have go to sea for the first time at fifteen , the same age as Bill butler . and as he look upon we that first day it must have be as though he be stare into a mirror . skipper manage a sober look and climb on top of the chart house . he pat a small brass sign that be weld to the main mast and read the inscription . skipper ( read ) " where we go one , we go all . " with that , he disappear below . nobody move . this be exactly the kind of man you want around when the shit hit the fan . terry this -- be gonna be a long eight month . int . MAIN cabin - day the boy devour a hearty breakfast . tod be the ' galley slave ' and fill glass with orange juice . tod Chow down boy . the milk and egg be the first thing to go once we put out . John enter balance two plate heape with food . rick you know we gotta dumbwaiter for that . John look over to the dumbwaiter mount in the wall . rick not that one . tod -o here . the guy groan . tod har , har , har ... John approach the full table , glaring down at Terry who do not notice he . finally he look up , startle . terry I be do . I be finish ... he scramble to get up and clear he plate . John sit down without a word . the other notice the two plate of food . rick hungry , goodall ? he just grunt and start eat . Robin watch he . JOHN what 's you problem ? robin why would you jump ? JOHN because I feel like it . ( sharp ) what do you care ? robin ( aside ) I could not do it . JOHN well , as soon as you grow some ball , let I know . Robin bristle . robin screw you ! charlie he 's right . it be a stupid stunt . JOHN Excuse I ? charlie you hear I . John grab Charlie by he private part and hoist he into the air . Charlie gasp , the air suck from he lung . JOHN do not ever call I stupid . robin come on , he do not mean anything . John shove Robin to the floor with he free arm . JOHN let I tell you girl something . I do what I wanna do . when I wanna do it . and I do not give a shit what old ahab up there think either . any question ? John release Charlie who crumple to the floor . John resume eat . Bill enter and read the duty roster . bill okay , here 's the duty . gieg , weather , lapchick , schucart : scrape and paint . corry and stricklin have the brass . Robinson , you be the galley slave . March you be on chain gang with barne . johnston , solo on bilge detail . tod butler , what would I ever do to you ? bill you come back , tod . you come back . John continue to eat . when he realize he name have not be call , he look up to meet Bill 's eye . int . head piss , John try to figure out the head . pump go in , pump go out . older chuck ( v.o. ) we be all thirteen individual . we would arrive the sum total of we limited experience and the result of we parent ' best , if not narrow , expectation ... John pull back on the lever , belching " water de le toilet " all over he . ext . ship - day Chuck sit in a bowswain 's chair over the side , with a paint roller in he hand . the rust -streak hull be be transformed . older chuck ( v.o. ) ... some of we be there for discipline , some for escape . but I could see a small piece of myself in all of they and though I fight the notion , for I , I know now , this would be home . a radio crackle in the b.g. announcer " President eisenhower today acknowledge that a secret american spy plane be in fact shot down over the Soviet Union . the pilot have be confirm as Francis Gary power ... " Robin , Terry and Mike , be on the deck within earshot of Chuck with chisel and wire brushes chipping away at the rust . terry why could not it have be a wooden boat ? mike steel boat do not leak . Mike light up a cigarette . Robin notice . marlboro 's . robin hey , can I have one ? Mike size up Robin for a moment then toss he the pack . robin thanks daddy -o . Robin light up , grimace with the first drag . terry well , do not brush too hard . look to I like the only thing hold this bucket together be the rust . a voice boom up from the dock . francis ( o.s. ) ahoy there . they turn . stand on the dock be francis boutillier , self important and overbearing , with he son , philip , who look as if this whole ordeal be some kind of punishment . skipper appear . skipper good afternoon . Francis board without be invite . Philip follow in he shadow . he scrutinize the condition of the boat . francis Albatross ? do not inspire a lot of confidence . skipper oh , on the contrary , the Albatross be consider a very good omen . it be say they embody the spirit of sailor pass on . it 's very bad luck if you kill one . and dolphin too . the boy chuckle . francis I be Francis boutillier . this be my son , Philip . skipper I know . Francis look the skipper over , read he , smile . skipper you be a day late . we keep a schedule aboard ship . live depend on it . ( to Philip ) hello , Philip . phil sir. skipper 's directness bug Francis . francis you cable say you would not be put out until mid-october . skipper as you can see , there 's a lot to do . francis indenture servitude be not what my son have in mind . skipper this be a work ship . promptness be not a luxury , it 's a necessity , as be the work to maintain she . have we be ready , I can assure you we would have sail . something in this exchange turn the tone of conversation . francis and I would have expect compensation for my time and expense come all the way down here . skipper happily , it all work out ... this time . ( to Bill ) Bill , take Philip below and help he find a bunk . phil follow Bill down the companionway . francis I will be frank with you . this be he mother 's idea . a romp through the Caribbean on a sailboat sound more like a vacation than a education if you ask I . skipper it will be more than that , I can promise you . francis ( cool ) take good care of my son . there be threat in he tone . skipper we will do we best . you be welcome to say goodbye . francis he 's a big boy . Francis leave the boat . skipper and the crew watch as he climb into he wait embassy limousine and drive off . lawford well , that be neighborly . skipper he do not get to be under Secretary of the Air Force by be neighborly . lawford shake he head . Bill come up through the companionway . skipper everyone aboard young Bill ? bill yes , sir. skipper good. ( beat ) let 's go sailing . ext . albatross - OPEN water - day the Albatross be under full power . there be a sense of excitement and anticipation . Charlie , Rick , Robin , and lawford be on the halyard for the mainsail . skipper be at the helm with Alice and Bill nearby . skipper call over to Chuck who stand alone at the rail . skipper come over here and take the wheel . Chuck 's eye light up as he walk over and take the wheel . skipper hold she steady into the wind . Southwest by west . chuck yes sir . skipper ( to all ) gentleman , when you hear a order , sing out . I want to know that you have hear and understand . ( quietly to Bill ) raise the mainsail . bill ( call out ) raise the main ! lawford and he group bellow out . together raise the main !! lawford coaches the boy , send two scurrying on top the chart house to loosen the stop which hold the heavy furle canvas to the main boom . he guide another to the midship pinrail where the main halyard , which raise the huge sail , be make fast to a belay pin . he loosen the halyard and hand it to Robin . skipper take a turn under the pin and lead it out to the other . you guy in the rear take up the slack . heave together now ... in a beautiful tenor voice , Bill begin to croon a sea chanty , a old whaling song with a irish lilt . bill ( sing ) " when the sun come up there be whisky in the cup ... " the more experience boy echo the line and pull to the beat . boy " when the sun come up there be whisky in the cup ... " lawford come on the rest of you , sing ! belt it out like man !! the new guy like Chuck , John , Robin and Terry look at each other like this be the queerest thing they have ever hear of . bill ( sing ) " not one of we be a sober ... " the boy return the verse half heartedly . lawford tie off he line and stare they down . skipper notice that the work have stop . skipper what 's wrong Mr. lawford . lawford it seem we be short on singer . skipper walk amid ship and address the crew . skipper everyone sing aboard a wind jammer gentleman . it let everyone know you be in sync . it show unity , that all thought be one . a crew that sing together stay together . besides , I like it . so , pipe up and be sailor . JOHN ( in a whisper ) everybody swim , everybody sing ... what 's next ? tap dance ? lawford and Rick leap up onto the line pull it down with they body weight . they sing out the chorus . the crew return the song , somewhat reluctantly as the great mainsail start to rise . lawford tie it off !! skipper ( to Bill ) Outer . bill Outer jib ! charlie ( confuse ) outta what ? coached by tod , another group in the bow , awkwardly hoist the jib . skipper ( to Bill ) we will bear off to port and run down wind . bill Mr. lawford , stand by to ease the mainsheet . Rick , get on the jib sheet . George , John , Philip , Tim and Dick go aloft to unstop the forecourse . George will show you what to do . tod , show you man the forward pinrail and stand ready on the buntline and clewline . forecourse first ... work upward . the newcomer watch Bill with new-found respect . George , John and the other climb to the forecourse , and out onto the footrope . it 's unsteady work and there 's confusion everywhere . but through it all , they continue to sing . lawford move to the mainsheet on the port side while the other move into they position . when Bill see the yardarm crew be in place ... bill unstop the square ! yardarm crew unstop the square !! skipper ( to Chuck ) fall off to port . ease she around to a head of northeast . sing out when you be there . as the top be release , the giant forecourse drape into a scallop pattern . as the bow fall off the wind the snap main and jib billow . stiffen to the wind , the ship heel and surge forward . before she awaken power , everyone change they stance and grab for a handhold . lawford slowly pay out the mainsheet while the forecourse crew move up the ratline release the stop on the other squaresail . chuck ( in a whisper ) ah ... Northeast ... sir . skipper ( bark ) speak up boy ! Chuck jump , startle . he self - consciously call out . chuck Northeast sir ! skipper unfurl the square ! tod 's group first uncleat the clewline and buntline and the great squaresail drop and billow to fullness send a shudder through the rig . the bow 's wake sizzle with the add surge . as each of the square fall , Alice and lawford move to they sheet , set each sail 's position . Chuck look up , amaze at the sheer magnitude and beauty of the canvas that the Albatross carry . bill raise the inner jib ! raise the forestaysail ! skipper watch the tell - tale Chuck . if we jibe now we will have a lot of people in the water . chuck yes , sir . skipper all stop on the engine . bill all stop on the engine ! Bill rotate the telegraph handle back and forth and move it to the stop position . skipper behold gentleman . the power of the wind ! as the sail billow the Albatross seem transformed . everyone stop and look up . the vessel heel and with a powerful surge , launch into the wave . White foam splashes over the bowsprit as the hull thunder through the water . Chuck 's face be full of wonder . it be a magical moment . then the crew begin to cheer . skipper do we lose anybody ? alice not yet . long shot the Albatross under full sail be the handsome , powerful image of another time . and yet , here she be . on deck each of the boy be awed by the majesty of this moment . Music build . skipper chart we a course for the windward side . Alice consider he request . alice that low pass through last night . May be a little bumpy out there . skipper it 's time this boy see some real blue water . ext . the OPEN sea - later the bow of the Albatross explode through the top of a fifteen foot swell . the sky be clear but the wind be fierce . in spite of the seas the ship be trim and sailing well . the crew have never see mountain of water like this . disaster seem imminent . Bill have assemble they in front of the wheel house . they be all hold on for dear life . even John seem shake . skipper magically stand effortlessly before they on the roll deck . he remain perfectly dry . skipper well ... now that I have you undivide attention ... I would like to take this opportunity to make a few point ... terry ( aside ) this guy be certifiable ... phil suicidal ... skipper the first thing be I do not like people talk when I be talk so the two of you , shut up . caught , Terry and phil button up . skipper second , the next one of you who do not jump like a bunny when Mr. butler give a order be gonna spend the rest of this trip scrubbing bilge . he 's a better sailor today than any ten of you will be when this be all over . skipper direct the next comment directly at John . skipper and if I catch anybody , ever , jump off a yard arm again I will personally break what bone be leave and send you home in a wheel chair . a wave explode over the bow . a wall of water crash over the deck knock down several of the boy . Terry can not take it anymore and explode . terry we be gonna die !!! we be all gonna die ! he lunge at skipper but lawford one arm he . skipper excellent point . as you might have notice , be out here pretty much put you in the moment . if you panic , if you lose you head , you die . maybe you take you mate with you . how would you like to have to bet on Terry here get we home today ? each one of you be responsible for the rest . " where we go one , we go all " . if you buddy be asleep at the switch we be all fish food . he 's make he point which be lose on no one . skipper the ship beneath you be not a toy and sailing be not a game . the Albatross will take we far gentleman , but she demand constant attention . respect she , and we will do fine . oh , and one more thing . there be nothing that go on , on this boat that I do not know about . she speak to I in the night . so do not test I . not even a little . skipper walk over and put a arm around Terry who be fight sob . skipper nothing like experience to put thing in perspective . huh son ? ( to Bill ) alright . let 's go home . int . chart house - day lawford address some of the crew . Chuck , Robin and John be among they . John glare at lawford . the guy giggle . lawford that 's not a satisfactory answer . JOHN look , save it for somebody else will ya . this ancient shit do not have anything to do with I . lawford pause for a moment and then explode theatrically . lawford shit ?!!! he slam a text book into John 's hand . lawford read for I please the word of Mr. keat at the bottom of the page . John stare back , simmer . Robin interrupt the potential confrontation and reach for the book . robin I will read it . I mean I do not mind . JOHN shut up donut . John push Robin 's hand away and study the page for a moment . he begin read but struggle with the cadence . JOHN ( read ) much have I travel in realm of gold / and many goodly state and kingdom see / round many western island have I be / which bard in fealty to Apollo hold / oft of one wide expanse have I be tell / that deep - brow Homer rule as he demesne . lawford you know what he be talk about here ? blank face . lawford ( ranting ) awe. humility . he 's tell you that he have travel the seas as Homer do . as Ulysses have before he as he try to find he way home to ithaca after the trojan Wars . " that deep brow Homer " ... he point to he head . lawford brilliant , seasoned , wise , of the mind ; " ... rule as he demesne . " he command the voyage of the imagination , like a god . ( pause ) that be what one of the great literary mind of modern time , Mr. boutillier , have to say about Homer . he snatch the book back . lawford you think the odyssey be dull ? I will tell you something , it 's about each one of you -- right now . doubt and expectation . friendship , community , self sacrifice and accountability . he hold up the text . lawford this be not just a story !! it 's history make allegory . it be a philosophical handbook for life ! it hold the secret of this very voyage . JOHN what be it ... the secret ? lawford break into a huge belly laugh . JOHN ( confuse ) what ? lawford if it be only that simple , my young friend . read on , gentleman . read on . ext . albatross - establishing - day aerial shot . the Albatross be under full sail leave bermuda for the last time . older chuck ( v.o. ) and so it be the Albatross that take to the open sea with the wind in she snap canvas and a bone of white foam in she tooth ... in each of we be feeling of anticipation and hesitation for the man at the wheel and of the unfamiliar world he be lead we into . she crash through the surf -- drive , majestic music , building . deck - day the crew haul in the line , raise the mainsail . Chuck struggle to coil the rope as fast as it be come in . aloft the crew take turn racing up the ratline into the rigging . bowsprit net the crew pull down the jib try to furl it . most of the sail end up drag in the water . above the squaresail be drop simultaneously . wide White foam boil from the bow of the Albatross as she crash through the wave . at the wheel Alice smile and put she arm around skipper 's waist . it 's come together . foretop - same skipper stand at the rail , look out . the seas be up and the mast be pitching widely from side to side . Chuck be high above the deck in the footrope , wrestle with one of the squaresail . the pitching mast catch he by surprise and he slip . he tumble down , tangle in the line . a rope wrap around he neck , choke he . Robin look up and see he hang helplessly . robin Bill !! skipper !! Robin freeze . skipper leap into the rigging like a spider and , in a few second , wrestle Chuck free and carry he down to the deck . Chuck cough , catch he breath . the color be go from skipper 's face . this be a close call . skipper you all right ? chuck it be my fault . I slip . Alice examine Chuck , make sure he 's okay . skipper turn to Robin , who be shake . he never raise he voice . skipper why do not you go up there ? Robin stand silently . skipper speak up . still nothing from Robin . charlie he 's afraid to climb . skipper what ? ( to Robin ) be that true ? Robin look away . skipper why be not I make aware of this Bill ? bill I do not know sir . skipper it 's you job to know . if something go wrong up there , the other eighteen people aboard can not be wonder if he 's gonna do he job or not . skipper return he gaze to Robin , measure he . finally . skipper swing up , son . robin ( tremble ) what ? skipper up you go . right now . Robin reluctantly pull himself up onto the first rung , then the second . he stop and steal a peek up . the mast be sway . he freeze , he lip start to tremble . all eye be on he . phil chuckle . skipper do you have something to say ? phil ( smug ) no . skipper then keep you mouth shut . phil back off , stunne . Robin can not move . skipper ( to Robin ) what 's it go to be ? robin I be sorry ... skipper sorry will not cut it . Robin hold on freeze . skipper turn to the crew . skipper survival mean discipline and assimilation . there be no special case here . ( to Robin ) now , get go . get up there . humiliate , a tear slip down he face . excruciate . skipper what be you blubber about ? robin I do not know ... skipper jump onto the backside of the ratline . his face be but inch from robin' . skipper one hand in front of the other son . we will do it together . Robin reach for the next rung . he look down . skipper growl at he . skipper do not look down . look in my eye ! climb ! we will do it together . robin ( sobbing ) I can not . skipper you climb damn it , or so help I I will haul you to the foretop by you diaper and leave you there ! robin aaauuuhhh !!! skipper get right in he face and snarl . skipper be you hat this ?! be you ! robin I hate you , you son of a bitch !!! skipper no . hate the fear inside of you ! climb like a man mister ! hate it ! hate it away . hate you way up one more rung !! do it right now !! with every ounce of strength , Robin reach for one more rung scream as he reach . skipper climb and scream with he . together auuuggghhh !!!! Robin clutches the rung with a death grip . then , he look down . his bladder release . hot urine run down he leg and splashes , steaming , onto the deck . the crew be horrify . Robin weep . robin oh , god ... skipper back off . skipper do not hate yourself . hate you weakness . all right . get down . Robin climb to the deck and fall in with the other , mortify . skipper I be only gonna say this one time . I be not here to wipe nose and ass . I be not you mother . trust fund and blue blazer do not get you a thing out here . you wanna act like baby , then get off my boat . stun , the crew be speechless . Chuck instinctively go to help Robin . skipper snap like a turtle . skipper ( to Chuck ) he can take care of himself . ( to other ) any other ' phobias ' I need to know about ? skipper fire a look towards phil . phil no , sir . skipper excellent . Bill , find Mr. weather a position to suit he condition . skipper turn and then stop . skipper remember something , sooner or later ... we all have to face it . chuck ( aside ) face what ? the question hang in the air like a cloud . int . chart house - dusk the chart house be the communication and navigation center for the boat . it also serve as the officer dining room . skipper , Alice , lawford , George , and Bill butler sit around the small table sip coffee . skipper we be awfully quiet tonight . the group remain silent . lawford and George exchange a glance . skipper catch it . skipper something on you mind , George ? George look up and wipe he mouth with a napkin . GEORGE I think you be too hard on weather . skipper you do ? GEORGE yes . I do . skipper nod . skipper I need to know what I be work with ; what they boundary be . they life depend on it , and for that matter so do yours . we have get to bring they together . make they a crew . we be as strong as we weakest link and I do not want to find that out the hard way . so , I will challenge they and they will come together . GEORGE ( sarcastic ) yes sir . skipper you know the best thing about be a skipper be the worst thing . it 's all my responsibility . so I will tell you what George , you stay off of my bridge , and I will stay out of you galley . we will get along that way . everyone 's quiet , but clear . skipper and Alice exit . GEORGE Fucking bastard . lawford let out a belly laugh . lawford I have see he snatch the tail of the tempest and stuff it , scream , into a bottle . the bilge be full of they . GEORGE what do you mean ? lawford he 's be beyond the reach . to the edge of the abyss and back . he will do well by we all George . he 's a real salt . there 's no malice in he and there 's nothing more dear to he than he boy . so sleep well my friend . lawford seductively produce a pair of Havana cigar , pass one to George and wink . int . galley - dusk Robin lean over the sink elbow deep in dishwater watch through the cabin window , as the sun slip below the horizon . Chuck stand in the doorway with a plate of food . chuck how ya do ? robin ( without turn ) Fine . chuck good . robin look , I appreciate , you know , the concern and all , but like he say , I can take care of myself . chuck I just bring you something to eat . Robin turn and notice the plate of food and nod . they stand silently . it 's awkward . chuck I feel like I get you into this . robin forget it . chuck I be use to spend a lot of time alone . I guess that 's what I think it would be out here . but , it 's not be it ? robin ( beat ) I be sorry I leave you hang up there . chuck it do not matter . really . I be just sorry you get chew out . Robin nod . they both stare out at the rise moon . robin my brother and I use to climb to the top of this old beech tree in the back yard and watch the moon come up just like this . my parent would fight all the time so we would sneak out there where we could not hear them and recite scene from we favorite movie . Robin grow quiet . robin would you believe I miss it ? the middle of paradise and I be homesick . Chuck smile and put a hand on he back . chuck ( ironic ) well , I would not worry . it will all be there when we get back . ext . deck - day the sky be dark and a storm be building and the boat roll and pitch . Chuck see Terry heaving over the side . John and tod hear the sound and turn . JOHN ( disgust ) come on man . show a little backbone ! ( to tod ) you believe that ?! tod be fixate on Terry . suddenly , without warning , he break for the rail and let fly . phil and Charlie be next . Chris climb through the companionway but do not make it to the side . spontaneous regurgitation . Bill and lawford jump up onto the wheel housing to avoid be spray . suddenly everyone be heaving . CHRIS sorry . lawford ( to Bill ) we be gonna have nobody leave up here to crew . better let skipper know . Bill nod and disappear . John join Chuck watch the event around he . JOHN well gieg , I be glad to see I be not the only guy on this boat that can take a little rock and roll . bunch of wuss , I swear ...! Chuck watch each of he shipmate . then , suddenly , out of nowhere -- projectile vomit all over John . he look at Chuck , horrify , then he too , cut loose over the rail . JOHN Son of a bitch !! Chuck look at John , furious with himself , and begin to laugh . but after a moment he start to laugh too . it 's infectious , they crack each other up . then , in the middle of belly laugh , they simultaneously retch again over the side . int . skipper be cabin - day skipper sit at he desk with some chart spread out in front of he . there 's a knock on the door . skipper come in . bill skipper , uh , the crew be pretty much do group boot over the side . skipper well , that 's all part of it . bill we have get weather move in from the west . skipper look up . skipper that 's part of it , too . ext . deck - dusk skipper stand at the wheelhouse with lawford , George and Bill , study the horizon through binocular . Dark cloud . Chuck watch skipper . everyone , look for a cue . chuck that a... storm , skipper ? skipper stay glue to the binocular . skipper uh , huh . chuck would you , um , say it 's a big storm ? skipper sometimes it get exciting out here . lawford what do you think ? skipper barometer 's drop . the first blow will come from the south . might get interesting . chuck should not we turn away ? skipper you can not run from the wind son . you trim you sail , face the music and let the chip fall . Bill , let 's close she up , dog , tight . Close on hatches and skylight slamm close and cinched tight . below deck bulkhead door be close and cranke down tightly . in the galley pot and pan crash around . in the MAIN cabin the cabin door on the bookcase swing open and dump book on top of Alice . she turn and look at the mess , annoyed . ext . deck - same skipper furl the square , reef the main , and bend on the storm jib , but keep it furle . Drop everything but the inner jib . I want everybody down before we get any lightning . Bill bolt forward with lawford bark order . most of the crew be still ill , but climb into the rigging and begin drop sail . GEORGE why 's it always happen at night ? skipper regards George , annoyed . skipper George ... I want hot food in everybody . get to it . George return to the galley . Alice join skipper at the wheelhouse hand he foul - weather gear . alice look like weather . skipper yep . he slip on a yellow slicker . skipper do I a favor and tell Bill once she 's dogge down I want everyone to break out they slicker and make sure they gear be stow or we will spend the next week sorting underwear . ( to the other ) lawford , Bill , Mike , John , and phil will stand the watch . everyone else hit the rack . phil ( impulsively ) I be not stay out here . skipper fire off a look that frighten even phil . skipper no . that 's for sure . Charlie , take he place . phil go below , a little ashamed . the crew scatter . Chuck , still at the wheel , pipe up . chuck if it 's all the same , I would like to stay on deck . skipper regards Chuck , who look back with both fear and eagerness . suddenly he see something in this kid . maybe himself . he almost smile . almost . skipper take the wheel . ext . foretop - same Dark cloud blot out the sky and star . Thunder rumble far away . the seas have build but there 's no wind ... yet . with no steerage , the ship be toss . tod hang high above the heaving deck continue to furl . the mast swing from side to side , but the air have go dead calm . skipper look up , anticipate . skipper everyone out of the rigging now ! bill everybody down ! on the double !! tod ( shouting ) here it come !! on the deck the crew in the rigging scamper down to the safety of the deck . skipper Bill , on the wheel with Chuck . Bill join Chuck and take hold of the wheel . then it hit . a wall of torrential rain drum the deck amid a tympany of thunder and flash lightning . the bow explode through twelve foot swell . this be what the Albatross be bear to do . int . MAIN cabin - same it 's all the crew can do to stay in they bunk . pot crash , book and personal go fly . the guy be scared . on deck the main and jib sheet tighten . skipper look at Chuck and Bill . it all come down to moment like this and he love it . suddenly , there be a loud crack ! a violent flap noise . skipper leap to the port and look forward . tod come run back . tod we blow the inner ! alice I will go . skipper bring it down and run up the storm jib . we will fix it later . stay out of reach of the block ! tod and Alice disappear . skipper ( with a twinkle ) well , we be in it now . Chuck study he , frighten , but reassure . ext . bow - same the shred jib and rigging whip violently in the wind . the block smashes into the gunnel rail , shatter it . no one dare go near it . for a moment , it seem to hang there seductively . John , naive of its power , leap for the rail and grab it . alice nooo !!! suddenly , the wind crack the sail instantly hurl John high off the deck and over the side . he hold on for dear life , scream . at the wheel skipper ( to Chuck ) hold she steady . skipper bolt forward . at the bow Alice uncleat the jib halyard , leave one turn on the pin and shove it into tod 's hand . alice release this when I tell you !! skipper join tod as Alice scramble along the deck and pull herself into the bowsprit netting . when the block and jib swing inboard , she grab for the leach of the sail yell ... alice now !!! as John be snap inboard Alice leap up , grab the sail , lean out over the open water . wave explode through the netting . as tod release the halyard , John fall to the deck , bruise , humble , but alive . lawford and skipper pull Alice from the bowsprit . skipper look she over . relieved . no break bone . good work . but then this be what he expect . he respects she and now , everyone can see why . he look at John sprawle on the deck . skipper be careful will ya ? JOHN what ever you say cap ... skipper let 's get that storm jib up . skipper give Alice a private look , then return to the stern where Chuck hold tightly onto the wheel . older chuck ( v.o. ) the storm last sixteen hour and it set we all on equal foot . it be the first time that we share a episode on a even plane . as we stand we watch we be equally out of control of we situation , regardless of we physical ability or social background . and though we real feeling lay hide beneath bravado and defiance , we be no longer stranger . ext . deck - day the crew be clean up . Alice supervise repair to the jib while other stow line , scrub the deck and chip paint . lawford pace . lawford you know what they say in the navy do not you ? rick what 's that , Big daddy ? the more experience crew member have hear this all before . lawford " if it move , salute it . if it do not move , pick it up . if it 's too big to pick up , paint it ! " the boy mockingly salute lawford as he walk by . John stand before a porthole comb he brylcreem hair into a " d.a . " Mike and Chris climb on deck with several large box . mike lady , gentleman and hermaphrodite , Mr. corry and I be happy to announce the grand open of tran - border enterprise . they start open the box . one be a case of coca cola , another be full of cigarettes and candy . CHRIS all of the creature comfort and vice you could possibly want , at home or abroad , available twenty - four hour a day . mike for a price , of course . robin if you have get " a broad " available I will take she . JOHN like you would know what to do with one . the crew shake they head , mutter and check out the goods . terry you get marlboro 's ? CHRIS absa-fuckin-lutely . chuck toss I a cola . CHRIS fifty cent . chuck what ?!! mike contraband 's hard to come by out here son . John be still groom at the window . phil hey goodall , you get a date or something ? John continue to comb . JOHN yeah . with you mom . everybody oooooooo . phil slink away . CHRIS we also have a few rental item ... Chris display a playboy magazine . everybody clamor to get a look . mike there 's a penalty for any material return to the tran - border Library with sticky page . John walk by , snatch the magazine and head for he bunk flipping through the page . mike hey , you can not do that !! ( to Chris ) he can not do that !! John flop in a deck chair . Chris shake he head and start close up the box . CHRIS sure he can . ext . stern - later Chuck sit alone , away from the other , read . on cue , half of the crew descend , drag he kick and scream into the bowswain 's chair , and over the side . the guy cheer . chuck come on you guy , this be not funny ! the seat spin , twist and swing from behind the boat . charlie come on chucky . show we a little grit . they lower the chair so it glide just above the surface . when the boat nose into a swell Chuck get quite a ride . once he have the hang of it , fear turn to elation . chuck yeee haaaa !!!!! charlie okay , who 's next ? phil you gotta be kid ? he 's a human chum line ! rick no self respect shark be gonna take a bite out of you . Chuck 's haul back in and Terry push he way to the front of the line . terry I be next ! Terry go over the side . once he get the hang of it , he get into it . he maneuver the chair like a plane , force himself deep into the wave and then blast back to the surface . off the port side Robin be trolling . the line take a tremendous hit and Robin 's reel scream . tod be at the wheel and turn . tod there she blow !! two hundred foot out something large and piss have take the bait . the crew turn and look . skipper look out at Terry still in the bowswain 's chair . skipper get he in . Bill wave at Terry to come on in . bill come on in !!! Terry wave he off and disappear back under the wave . they can not pull he up while he 's go under the water . skipper do it now Bill . Terry pop up , piss that they be reeling he back in . suddenly the animal on the other end of Robin 's line explode out of the sea . it 's a six foot thresher shark . Terry see it too and freak , suddenly thrashing and scream . terry get I out !!! get I out !!! mike oh my god !! it 's a ... skipper ( calmly ) shark. ( to Robin ) do not lose it son . George grab a gaff hook while Robin fight the rod , try to bring in the big fish . GEORGE keep it come . Robin battle the fish . George clumsily try to help . the crew make they way to the rear to watch . charlie whoops . Charlie and Rick and the other heave to get Terry up . finally he make it . sprawl onto the deck . terry oh Jesus ! oh Jesus Christ !! the crew turn and cheer Robin on as he bring the shark alongside . GEORGE he must be two hundred pound ! bring he in close and try to hold he steady . George lean out over the rail , try to get the hook into a gill . several of the boy hold onto he as the fish flop around violently . GEORGE get he ! skipper come down to inspect the catch . the shark be longer than Terry be tall and thrashes in the the water , snap and twist . Terry stand shaking , freak . all of they be . rick damn terr , you be whiter than sister Mary Anne 's butt . the guy laugh nervously . Terry just stare at the man eater , but it 's infectious . after a moment he 's laugh too . skipper slap he on the back with a wry smile . skipper well , now you have something to write home about . more laughter . suddenly , Tom , who be lookout on the foretop , cry out . tom land ho !!! land ho !!! everyone turn around to look . the guy at the stern let go of George and he nearly tumble overboard . in that instant , the shark slip off of the gaff , and disappear back into the sea . Robin and George share a stunne look . GEORGE shit . robin there 's more where that come from . skipper return to the wheelhouse with Alice . together they scan the horizon . Cloud build over the land ahead . alice cheated death again . he slip a arm around she . skipper yep . ext . antigua - harbor - day a group of islander have assemble to watch the crew approach in the long boat . int . long boat - same Chuck gaze across the strange landscape . as the boat dock , the crew pile out and scatter . local child follow they wherever they go . Chuck , Robin and John find themselves alone . most of the building be primitive . they wander over to a shop . robin what do you say ? coke ? I be buy . chuck &amp ; JOHN sure . ext . shop Chuck and Robin reappear , sip cold coke . Mike and Chris walk by across the street . Robin speak up loud enough for they to hear . robin you be right Chuck . there 's nothing quite as refresh as a cold ten cent Coke that only cost ten cent ! the three clink they bottle . Mike and Chris slink away . ext . colonial fort - day a crumble fort overlook the harbor . below , the Albatross float like a pearl on the azure blue water . large bronze muzzle - load cannon still lie in they gunport , aim at the sea , wait for pirate ship that will never come . each of the guy be sprawle on a cannon , take in the Caribbean view . robin you think skipper and Alice do it ? chuck do what ? robin ya know ... " it " . chuck that 's like wonder if you mom and dad do it . who want to know ? JOHN she be not that old . chuck what do you mean ? JOHN I mean she look pretty damn good in she all - together for be thirty . robin how would you know ? JOHN trust I donut . I know . robin what ? come on ... JOHN on the dog watch , night after the storm , I look down into the skylight above skipper 's cabin and there she be , peelin ' down . chuck no way ! robin come on man , what would they look like ? JOHN damn , porkchop , you sound just like a guy who be not never see a pair . robin I have see them . I have see them . they crack up . chuck I walk in on my parent one time . it be only like eight o'clock and they be in bed and I think that be kinda weird so I just walk in . JOHN that 's what they get for not lock the door . chuck so I be stand there and you could hear a pin drop . no breathe or snore ... suddenly it hit I that something ' be goin ' on that just stop , really fast , like people be hold they breath . robin so ... what happen ? chuck my mother say in this really low , but very awake kind of voice " what ? " John and Robin crack up . robin what would you do ? chuck I say " sorry , wrong room " and walk away . JOHN do you shut the door at least ? they bust up again . Chuck glare back . chuck I do not remember . Robin sit up on he cannon and look out , suddenly melancholy . robin my parent do not do it anymore . chuck how do you know ? they might . robin ' Cause they be get a divorce . ( beat ) that 's why they send I here . my sister 's at tabor . they just want we out of the house so they could get down to business . JOHN they tell you that ? robin I figure it out . chuck yeah . JOHN my old man split along time ago . it do not mean anything . you just take care of number one that 's all that matter . robin it matter to I . JOHN ( kindly ) okay donut . whatever you say . chuck we better get back . Robin look up to John . robin do you really see them . ext . albatross - harbor - night the boat move off leave the light of Antigua behind . Chuck watch as the island disappear below the horizon . ext . deck - day the wind be up and the seas be high . the ship be under full sail drive at top speed . foam spray from the bow as it slice through the water -- what she be bear to do . the crew line the starboard rail , thrilled to be part of the performance . tod be at the wheel with Chris nearby . the sail tower above he like a mountain of silk . he wrestle the wheel , careful to hold he course against the powerful trade wind . skipper , make he round inspect the head on the compass and nod . skipper it 's a good sail boy . tod and Chris beam . compliment be rare from this man . tod thank you , sir . shall we trim the main skipper ? I think we could get another knot or two . skipper turn and look at tod , a twinkle in he eye . skipper as you like . gravy . the two gloat as they lighten the mainsheet tackle . phil join they . phil what do you say I have a crack at the wheel ? tod I would say , fuck off junior . they laugh . phil slink behind the chart house , hurt , and angry . he spot a spear gun stow against the chart house . as tod and Chris pull in the main , it strain and stretch against the powerful wind . phil aim the spear gun at the mainsail from behind the chart house and silently fire . there be a wick pop as the spear puncture the sail , pass through it , follow by a loud shredd as the huge sail split . tod Jesus Christ !! let it out . let it out !! the sound bring skipper onto the deck like a shot . skipper hard to port ! hard to port !! calamity , as tod crank the ship into the wind . the canvas go limp as the ship haul to a dead stop . people dive everywhere to drop sail . skipper start the engine . all ahead full !! scallop the Square and drop the rest !! he shoot a glare at tod and Chris . tod ( bewilder ) I do not know what happen skipper . it just blow out . skipper turn to the task at hand without a word . what have be praise be now reduce to embarrassment and confusion . phil , still hide behind the chart house return the spear gun and smile to himself at tod 's arrogance turn humility . ext . deck - tobago cay - day the Albatross have drop anchor along a remote group of flat , lush atoll . tall palm tree grow almost to the water edge . the crew have the mainsail down and Alice supervise the repair of the sail . phil sit above it all sun himself in the bowswain 's chair . robin where be you from any way ? chuck depth of hell ... Ohio . how ' bout you ? robin kennet Square , PA . ' mushroom capital of the world ' . tod sorry to here it . chuck well , and it 's pretty cool too , ya know ? bein ' here together a all ... phil reel himself down . phil Christ , I be gonna choke on ' feel good ' ... Robin look up , take back . tod why be you such a penis phil . do you do it on purpose or can not you help it . phil tug my chain johnstone . skipper come on deck . Robin and Chuck flip phil and Terry the finger . skipper after midterm we will finish we run down to curacao . the crew react , grumble . skipper I have arrange to host a good will cruise for the dutch student of the local school there . phil ( to Terry ) Joy , rapture ... skipper each one of you will be responsible for one student . I will expect you to be courteous . you represent this school and you country . we will sail in the morning . George appear from the galley and ring the ship bell . GEORGE that 's chow . the crew drop what they be do and stampede down into the cabin . int . cabin - night Robin thrashes in he bunk call out . sweat glisten on he face . Chuck stumble out to he bunk with Rick and some of the other . rick hey man , wake up . wake up ! they shake he . Robin wake , disorient , eye fill with tear . robin I be fall ... phil grumble from he bunk . phil hey , shut up will ya ? chuck it be a bad dream ... robin it be so real ... chuck here 's the thing ; whenever you be have a nightmare , all you have to do be say 1 - 2 - 3 wake up ! you will be out of it . you will wake up . phil roll over in he bunk try to go back to sleep . robin who tell you that ? chuck my dad . robin it work ? chuck swear to God . only good advice he ever give I . now , go back to sleep . he pat Robin on the leg . the guy return to they bunk . favor phil , listen . chuck ( linger ) you okay now ? Robin stare at the photo of he brother . robin that 's how he die you know . chuck who ? robin my brother . he fall out of the old beech tree . break he neck . I be on a camp out . they start go at it , throwin ' thing , a real knock down ... ( beat ) they do not find he ' till the next morning . they do not even know why he be up there . chuck Jesus , you never tell they ? robin I could not . phil stare at the ceiling , affect by what he have overhear . someone creep down the companionway and whisper . mike ( hushed ) hey you guy , come on ! shuffle in the darkness . phil suddenly realize , he 's alone . ext . deck - night the dory hang from she gallow . some of the guy slowly lower she to the water . int . galley - same George be asleep with a book in he lap . Mike and Chris slip inside . the door squeak , George stir . Mike open a cabinet and remove a fifth of rum . silently , Mike pass the bottle to Chris who pass it to tod who pass it to Charlie who drop it down to Robin who stand in the lower dory with Chuck . phil ( o.s. ) what do you think you be do ? startle , Mike and Rick share a look . busted . phil turn and run into John , wear a broad smile , who shake he head . no way . phil forget it . Count I out ! the crew descend and drag phil , struggle , into the dory . they raise a crude sailing rig and silently move off . a figure stand on top of the chart house , back light by the moon . it 's skipper . watch it all . letting it unfold . int . galley - night skipper hover over George , saw log . he toss a pot on the floor . GEORGE ( bolt up ) what ?! what 's happen ?!! skipper you be officer of the watch , George . GEORGE I be sorry , skip . it 's this damned book . lawford give it to I . the book be " kafka " . skipper motion to the empty cabinet . GEORGE son-of-a-bitch . skipper we be short one long boat too . come on . ext . campfire - night the boy sit in a circle around a small fire pass the bottle . Rick strum he guitar and sing while the rest join in . rick oh I be walkin ' down lime street one day ... all hey ! weigh ! blow the man down ... rick a pretty young maiden she happen my way ... all give I some time to blow the man down ... skipper and George crawl to the top of a sand dune and watch the boy . George start to stand but skipper put a hand on he shoulder . skipper I guess we know what the next acquisition for the galley be go to be ... GEORGE what 's that ? skipper a padlock . on the boy . phil be drunkest of they all and do a wild jig as the rest of they sing . rick so to all you sailor who have fight wind and whale ... all Weight ! hey ! blow the man down ... rick she say " none the better , you all go to hell ... " all give I some time to blow the man down ! they all crack up . CHRIS I only have one question . JOHN what 's that , canuck ? CHRIS if we be not on the boat , how come the ground be move ? chuck you think George will miss the bottle ? terry we will blame it on Big daddy . he 's a lush . mike all I know be if that Viking son of a bitch put I on smegma duty one more time I be gonna have to run he through . terry ( mimick ) the " Old man " like a tight ship ! charlie " if it move , shoot it ... " the rest join in . chuck " if it do not move , throw it overboard . if it 's too big to throw overboard , screw it ! " more laugh . rick you think Old Thunder nut will figure out that we be a.w.o.l. Bill drunkenly imitate the skipper . phil " there be nothing that go on , on this boat that I do not know about . she speak to I in the night . so do not test I . not even a little ... " the boy laugh . on the dune , George shake he head . GEORGE immortality . skipper spirit have a way of bring that out . GEORGE and be sixteen . skipper they be in a hurry to grow up . they do not know about consequence or responsibility . that 's be sixteen too . ( beat ) I promise you one thing ... GEORGE what 's that ? skipper they will know about it in the morning . skipper smile . ext . beach - night the drunken crew stumble out of the wood onto the beach . as they ready the boat for the trip back Robin look out to sea ... robin ( alarmed ) Jesus H. Christ . tod look up . terry what now pork chop ? robin look ! the guy turn they gaze to the ocean . the Albatross ... be go ! terry Holy shit ! where would she go ? the crew be suddenly stone sober . stun . charlie what the hell be go on ? mike she 's go ! the boat 's go !! phil break into sort of a blind panic . phil oh Jesus , oh Jesus . man I know we should not have go . I try to tell you . I try to tell you . you guy make I come ! you make I come !! JOHN will you shut up ? you sound like my fuck sister . chuck alright . everybody just stay cool . we will figure this out . mike who the hell check the moor ? robin I do . why ? charlie maybe she pull free ... mike what if they do not know . if she 's adrift , if they be asleep , she could run aground . she could break up on the reef . phil ( to Robin ) maybe you do not check it good enough . robin ( defensive , frighten ) I do . I swear . oddly , it 's phil who stand up for Robin . phil yeah , well you be really gonna have some bad dream if we find out you do not . JOHN that 's enough . phil how the hell be we gonna get outta here ? JOHN we will think of something . phil oh , praise the lord . ( announce ) relax everybody . everything be under control . the jug head 's go to think of something . without warning . John lunge at phil . phil scream , try to defend himself . the guy all dive in . suddenly it 's a all out brawl . John out of control pound phil 's head against the seat of the boat . suddenly , from behind , come a blister " thwack !! " as Chuck break a oar over the back of John 's head . stun , John let go of phil and turn , blood drip from the back of he head . JOHN nobody call I a idiot . he weave , then pass out , fall face down in the sand . the guy stagger to they foot , try to recover . phil God damn it man . I think he break my nose ! chuck shut up , phil . Chuck toss the break oar handle , kneel over and vomit . terry well that 's just great . now what be we suppose to do ? Chuck and Robin hoist John up and drag he under a palm tree , prop he up . the other huddle to stay warm . ext . beach - morning the crew 's asleep in the tropical heat of day . bloodie and sun burn . a fly buzze around Rick 's face , waking he . he sit up sunburn and sore try to focus . he gaze across the water , stupefy . rick oh-my-god ... the other stir and follow he gaze . the Albatross sit in exactly the spot where they leave she . robin I be not sure if this be really good or really bad . ext . albatross - day the sound of a rod and reel spin wildly . George try to maintain control as the rod nearly jump out of he hand . GEORGE I get a live one ! skipper , Alice and Bill watch the shoreline as the boy launch the long boat into the surf . George be struggle . a beautiful tarpon leap out of the water , but skipper never take he eye off of he boy . skipper the thing about fishing George , be you need to let them run some . give them just enough slack so they do not break the line . but at the same time you have gotta keep enough tension to wear them down , bring them in slowly so they do not really know they be hook . suddenly George 's line go slack . he nearly fall over backwards . GEORGE I will try and remember that . ext . deck - day hound dog and hang over , bloody and burn , the boy stand before skipper and the other . skipper look dark and angry . skipper you know what a loose cannon be ? ' Bout the worst thing that could happen to a wooden ship . all it take be one , crash around the deck in a storm ... it would smash everything in its way , maybe take out a mast or punch a hole right through the hull . think about it , just one cannon not tie down , not anchore , could take a whole ' man of War ' straight to the bottom . mike ( aside ) but we do not have any cannon ? Chris jab he in the rib . CHRIS ( hushed ) shut up ! skipper turn and face they . skipper now , if the skipper be smart , if he could see a storm building , why he would cut loose every gun on he boat . even though it would leave he at a disadvantage in battle , he would push them into the sea . better chance run for port than risk the entire ship , he crew . he take a pause make sure he have they attention for this part . skipper people be like that sometimes . they cut loose and before you know it , they be knock hole in everything . so you gotta ask yourself if it might not be better to just put them off before they sink the whole thing . I mean after all , you can always get new cannon . he walk back to he place at the rail . skipper ( beat ) I want a tight ship , everybody shave and in clean clothes when we make curacao . if it go well , if you mid term be acceptable , I may reconsider my decision about the rest of the trip . that 's all . dejected , the crew go below . ext . deck - day under sail . skipper stand at the wheel oversee the crew take exam . each write furiously as Alice scribbles problem on the blackboard which hang from the chart house door . as the boy scratch out the problem , John seem paralyze . he look over at phil and copy down he answer . he check crib note hide in he short . Chuck and Robin both see this and exchange look . int . aft cabin - day John make he way down the narrow corridor towards the head . Robin follow . Chuck drop down the aft companionway , intercept John . chuck where you go ? JOHN to take a piss . robin really ? John turn around , surprised , sandwich . JOHN yeah , that 's right . you wanna come in and shake it for I ? chuck if you be gonna cheat , you might as well copy off somebody who 's gonna get the answer right . JOHN you have gotta be kid . get the fuck outta my way ! Chuck throw open the engine room door and they shove John inside . JOHN what the hell !!! Chuck manage to pin John . Robin check he pocket and come up with the crib note . Chuck let go . John snatch they , ashamed . chuck takin ' a piss ? John turn away . robin why , man ? JOHN I do not have to listen to this . chuck yes you do , stupid . because if you do not , I be gonna go right up there and have a heart to heart with skipper and you will be on the first plane back to idiotville . John lunge at Chuck , send they both sprawling . Robin leap on top of John . robin cut it out man !! stop it !!! what 's the matter with you ? if phil have catch you he would have ratted you out in a second . you get catch cheating , you will get kick off the boat . John explode , tear flow . JOHN I cheat to get on the boat !!! all right ?! chuck what ? he let go of Chuck and stand up try to hide he emotion . JOHN I doctore my grade so I would make the cut . I be a moron , okay ? you satisfied ?! chuck you be not a moron . JOHN wanna bet ? take I half a day to get through one chapter of lawford and I still do not have any idea what the hell he 's talkin ' about . you know why it take I so long to write papers ? because I can not spell . while everybody else be sleep , I be in the rack with a flashlight and a dictionary . John choke back a sob . JOHN Hell , they even kick I outa vo - tech ' cause I could not read a slide rule . phil I can show you how to use a slide rule . the three turn around , startle . robin how long you be stand there ? phil Long enough . John look down , resign . JOHN they be gonna put I into special - ed this year . I steal a copy of my transcript , change all the grade . shit , who be I kid . I will never pass the board . chuck listen , you do not cheat , and we will make sure you get the grade . we will start a private study group . nobody know . you will ace that test . robin I be in . they turn and look to phil , who still show the tell - tail sign of they fight . phil I , too . JOHN why would you do that ? chuck because we believe in you . ( beat ) because we be you friend . ext . curacao - harbor - dusk as a blaze sun sizzle into the western sea , the Albatross round a point and head towards the dock several hundred yard away . on the dock , the student of the school wait . as soon as the ship be in view , they start to cheer . Chuck squint . chuck what be they do ? robin I can not make it out ? Robin call up to phil , who be at the wheelhouse . robin hey , phil ... swing up the ' binoc ' and tell we what you see . phil pick up the binocular and focus . phil ( puzzle ) they be wave ... handkerchief or something . rick what ? charlie maybe they be surrender . phil wait a second ... phil lower the binocular and turn to skipper . phil they be girl ! they be all girl ! skipper share a know look with Alice . tod gimme that . tod snatch the binocular . tod whhooooaaaaa !!!!!! women !!! everyone on board rush to the port side . every single person on the dock be a young girl wave a white handkerchief . spontaneous cheer from the boy . as the ' Big a ' pull to the dock , John and tod run for the gunnel door and swing it open . the girl flood the deck . bill good morning , lady . they chatter in dutch and hurry aboard . like wall flower , Robin , phil and Chuck stand on top of the chart house watch utopia unfold before they . robin what be we suppose to talk about ? phil you have gotta be kid ? robin but , they do not speak English . phil there be some thing that everybody do in the same language . chuck yeah , but how be you suppose to make the first move ? phil like this ! phil reach up for a free line . with a run start he swing out over the water ... phil yeeee haaaaa !! he careen back onto the deck and land in front of two startle , but impressed girl . Robin and Chuck applaud . phil take a bow . all hell be break loose . skipper and Alice welcome aboard the headmaster , ms . boyde , 50' , dumpy but tough . skipper a very enthusiastic welcome . ms. boyde we do not often have guest . we girl have be look forward to you visit for some time . welcome to curacao . skipper thank you . you be all ready to sail then ? ms. boyde I should think so . alice I be sure they will not be disappointed . a man 's voice bellow up from the dock . francis ( o.s. ) ahoy there !! everyone stop and freeze . phil turn , disbely . it 's he parent , Francis and peggy boutillier , stand next to a limousine dress in brightly color tourist garb . peggy surprise ! francis well , well . what do we have here ? a float brothel ? alice ( cool ) hardly . Francis come aboard uninvite as usual . francis well , we think we would drop in and see if you be all still in one piece . skipper ( point ) and , of course , we be . francis well , you never can tell this day , can you ? skipper shoot a look over at phil who be stare a hole in the deck . skipper what be it we can do for you today ? francis well , we have come to give we boy a little break from the monotony . phil it 's not monotonous . Francis flush red . francis never the less ... he turn and join Peggy on the dock . phil be suddenly full of rage . this be a invasion of he privacy . everyone feel it . francis hop to boy . we have not get all day . phil 's anger turn to resign humiliation . he stop , stare down at he parent . skipper put a hand on he shoulder . skipper I do not know , phil . phil nod , head down and walk down the ramp . all watch he go , feel for he . ext . OPEN water - day the sail begin to rise but unlike earlier , the guy sing out like the Vienna boy choir and it 's have the desire impressive effect on the woman . crew together when the sun come up there be whisky in the cup / and not one of we be sober / Kerry think she see a picture , but it really be the sun / then we know the party be over ... the weather be perfect , brisk and steady under the trade wind swell . the voice trail away as the ship move off . older chuck ( v.o. ) curacao seem out of a dream , somehow make - believe . but , as Ohio draw further and further away , it be home that begin to seem unreal , drift somewhere in the foggy reach of we memory . and I know that each of we be fall in love . but not only with this wonderful woman or the sway palm and porcelain beach ... we be fall in love with the experience we be share , and with who we be become . int . MAIN cabin - night the crew be get ready for a farewell party . each member be primp . chuck bregitta . do you believe it ? JOHN believe what ? chuck her name . ( savore the sound ) bregitta . it 's poetry . terry soon as we ship it will be " forgetta " . tod do not mind he , chucky . you be talk to a guy whose idea of big romance be a palm full of vaseline . terry screw you , valentino . I have not see you swapping spit with anybody . tod smile as he slowly pull something from he pocket . it 's a pair of girl ' cotton underwear . tod that 's because I be discrete , moron . the guy try to wrestle the underwear away from he . just then skipper descend the companionway . skipper alright , gentleman , we sail with the tide . twenty - three hundred . sharp . I be not wait . have a good time tonight but be back on time . the crew cheer . this mean the trip go on . ext . school - garden - night decorate with color paper lantern and streamer , a steel drum band softly play in the b.g . the crew slow - dance with they girl , dress in cotton that seem to glow against they dark skin . Ms. boyde be scrutinize the body contact between Chuck and bregitta . they lip appear paste together and she do not like it . lawford see what be about to happen and hand he slimy cigar to George who react . lawford hold this , will ya ? lawford intercept Ms. boyde . lawford madam , I would consider it a privilege if you would allow I to take you on a tour of the dance floor . Ms. boyde be so flatter , it be all she can do to extend she hand . lawford lead she away and glare at Rick . lawford you be very light on you foot Ms. boyde . be it you who teach all of this young lady the art of the dance ? Ms. boyde giggle like a school girl . ext . restaurant - night phil and he parent sit outside at a ritzy restaurant . phil stare towards the harbor . francis what 's wrong , you do not like steak ? phil I should be eat with the crew . francis humor I . eat it anyway . phil why be you here ? peggy we miss you . we want to check on you . phil I do not need you spying on I . francis spy ?! phil I can take care of myself . francis ( sarcastic ) oh , really ? phil look , you put I on this boat in the first place . I do not want to come but I do . why do you have to embarrass I . why can not you just leave I alone ? Francis slap phil across the face nearly knock he out of he chair . everyone and everything . it 's humiliate . peggy Francis !! she cradle phil 's red face . he fight the tear . francis listen to I , you thankless little prick . we be you parent , so do not you dare talk to I disrespectfully . what the hell be it , this captain ? because I will see he in a rowboat ... phil it have nothing to do with he . francis well , what do it have to do with ? we ? phil no. look , it 's I okay ? can not it just be about I ? for once ? phil pull free and exit . he can feel eye all over he . ext . school - garden - night Alice watch , sweep up in the nostalgic romance of it all . skipper join she . skipper he would have love this . alice you father ? skipper all he year at sea , he never stop talk about this island . alice you miss he . skipper manage a sad smile . skipper every hour . every minute . ( pause ) I wish he be here . I wish he could have sail we girl . see this boy ... she smile warmly . skipper I would have like to have say goodbye . alice he know . skipper you sound so sure . alice I be about this . skipper turn and stare at she deeply . alice what ? skipper he never would have believe a woman like you exist . Alice smile and turn back to the dancer . alice do you remember the last time you and I dance under the star ? skipper guilty . alice on the deck of the yankee , the night you ask I to marry you . we be not much older than they be . the music change to a calypso waltz . skipper take Alice by the hand . skipper would you allow I ? she 's sixteen again . there 's something about he that still make she blush . skipper lead she to the dance floor . he hesitates , look deeply into she eye . as they begin to dance , the boy notice and exchange look . lawford and George sit across the quad , sip punch and smoking cigar . GEORGE if I do not know better I would say the old man be act almost halfway human . lawford he be halfway human . one by one the couple clear for the skipper and he bride . they glide , lose in each other arm . they dance a dance for the age . as if it might be for the last time . the music swell . ext . pier - night Chuck and bregitta , be at the end of the pier , a full moon hang above the horizon . bregitta do not understand what Chuck be say , but it 's clear she 's enjoy he . chuck I can not remember feel like this about myself , a place , someone like you . we have come such a long way , see so much . but nothing like this . bregitta smile and take Chuck 's hand . he 's nervous . chuck I be not the best at express myself . maybe the only reason I can now be because I know you do not understand I . ( beat ) I like you so much . too much . but how could I ? I mean , if we can not even communicate , how could I know you ? it 's confusing . we sail in a hour and I will never see you again . bregitta take Chuck 's face gently and kiss he tenderly . then , in perfect English ... bregitta I like you , too . Chuck 's eye widen , astonished . bregitta smile , take Chuck by the hand , and lead he to a small cover boat moor to the pier . bregitta come on . we do not have much time . blush deeply , Chuck follow she into the boat . ext . STREET - same Robin walk down the street hand in hand with one of the girl . a long string of color light illuminate the length of the street . Robin clumsily try to kiss the girl . she laugh . robin ( defensive ) what ? suddenly there 's a flash and the sound of break glass . Robin look up to see phil staggering , down the street , smash each of the color light bulb with a stick . he shower himself with break glass and spark . robin ( to girl ) wait for I okay . I will be right back . I swear . she smile sadly and nod . Robin sprint down the pier and catch up with phil . his foot be bleed . he be completely smashed . robin phil . what be you do ? phil fandango , junior . ( he hold up he stick ) I be gonna do some limbo baby !! robin no way phil . not like this . phil Roger meris , step up , it 's a corker down the pipe ... thwack ! he score another bulb . Robin jump out of the way . phil it 's outta here ! robin come on man . let 's just talk about it . the music drift from the garden ahead . phil bolt . Robin chase after he . robin phil ! wait man ... come on ... ext . school - garden - night John share a joke with lawford and George . the calypso be cranking , but only John hear phil and Robin crash into the refreshment table . Robin struggle to stop phil . JOHN ( to lawford ) be right back . lawford nod , oblivious . on the guy John try to help Robin with phil . JOHN Jesus ! what the hell happen to he . phil lemme go ! lemme go !! robin I do not know . we gotta get ' im outta here before skipper see he like this . phil Son of a bitch !! phil kick and struggle . JOHN phil , if you do not calm down , I be gonna hurt you . get it ? they drag he into the darkness . from near the bandstand however , skipper have see it all . ext . albatross - night the crew lean along the rail wave goodbye to the girl who wave back with they white handkerchief . int . MAIN cabin - same Chuck and John hold phil still as Robin pick shard of glass out of he foot . phil clenches he jaw , but he eye be dry . ext . albatross - day the ship be under full - sail drive before a brisk follow wind . it take two on the helm to keep she safely on course . that not on watch be sprawle about the boat , scraping and ' red - lead ' or read . Chuck and Robin sit forward with John , study . lawford pace the deck , chide the crew . lawford the rust will not wait for you to read conrad , goodall . JOHN then he should not have write such a long poem , Mr. lawford . lawford read on , young John . read on . College board be come . John look down , deject . suddenly tod cry from the foretop . tod there they blow !! there they blow !! dolphin off the bow !!! everyone rush to see . dolphin leaping out of the water . it 's a magnificent game they play with ship . the crew cheer as each one explode out of the sea , close enough to touch . isolate , phil watch . angry , cut off . Chuck eye he , worried . Bill and Charlie rig the bowswain 's chair and lower Rick into the water . suddenly , the dolphin be everywhere . Rick pet they as they swim back and forth . shear joy . phil reach for the spear gun . nobody notice as he load and take aim . suddenly ... with a crack , everyone spin around . a large female dolphin leap out of the water , bloody foam spraying from she blow hole . she let out a agonizing scream . phil hold she fast . CHRIS Jesus Christ ! the crew can only watch , stunne . phil be suddenly , defensive as if waking from a dream . phil fuck off man . it 's just a fish . rick no , phil . it 's a mammal . skipper step on deck , see the dolphin and phil with the spear gun . skipper ( quietly ) Bill , lower a long boat . we will bring she up with the davit . a dory be lower with John and Bill inside . once near the water they maneuver the struggle dolphin into a canvas harness . the crew hoist she with the davit tackle , swing she inboard , and gently lower she to the deck . they gather around the gasp animal . Alice check the wound . skipper kneel beside she . skipper what do you think ? Alice shake she head and gently stroke the dolphin . alice it 's through she lung . skipper turn to phil . skipper ( to phil ) Nice shot . phil look up at the crew but one by one they look away . Chuck find this confusing and inexcusable but be the last to look away . skipper grimly walk over to one of the deck locker and pull out a large wooden mallet and hold it out to phil . skipper finish it . phil look at the mallet , horrify . phil ( stammer ) I be not gonna kill it . skipper you already have . now go on . do it . phil back away . skipper stare at he for a moment , then walk over to the dolphin . Robin look away . the sicken sound of the mallet crush the skull of the animal seem to silence the world . there be one of two thump of she tail and , it 's over . skipper toss the bloody mallet into the locker and approach phil , he face flushed with anger . he grab the spear gun , and snap it across he knee and throw the piece into the sea . skipper what the hell be wrong with you ?! phil begin to shake with rage . skipper come on . you get so much fight in you ; you wanna kill something ? take you best shot . the first one 's free . Robin hold he ear as if he can make it all go away . for a brief moment phil look as if he might take skipper up on the challenge . then the impulse pass . skipper that 's what I think . ( beat ) you be do . you be go home . skipper turn . the humiliation be more than phil can take . he lunge after skipper . lawford grab he . phil swing wildly . phil you mean -ass bastard !! you son of a bitch !! you can not do this !!! you can not do this !!! God damn you !! God damn you !! lawford lead phil , struggle , below . the crew surround the dead dolphin , stunne . ext . aruba - establishing - day the Albatross be at anchor in the center of the harbor . ext . deck - same phil come on deck from below with he duffel bag . everyone feel bad but no one know what to say . phil turn to get a second load . chuck why would you do it ? phil ( regret it ) what 's the difference ? chuck you only hurt yourself you know ? phil like you really care . like any of you give a shit what happen to I . rick you be the one who do not care , phil . phil it hurt too much to care . rick about yourself ? phil about anything . phil turn and disappear down the companionway . robin we should not be put he off the boat . CHRIS the guy 's out of control . robin everybody 's be outta control on this trip . ( beat ) be we a crew or not ? I mean , be not that what this be suppose to be all about ? mike you be the last person who should be whining about be a " crew " . robin how do you figure that ? mike well , I would sure like to go into the subject of vertigo and all , but I would not want you to piss yourself . Robin flush bright red . John fire a look at Mike . JOHN you be a regular prick you know that ? mike tell it to the dolphin , goodall . JOHN everybody deserve a second chance , ya know ? we would do the same for you Mike . robin it 's about family be not it ? I mean be we together on this or not ? there be a long pause . Mike and Chris cave . mike Hell , do what ever you want . it will not change anything anyway . Robin exchange a glance with Chuck and together , they climb up the companionway . ext . chart house - same Chuck and Robin stand before the door . robin I can not go in there . chuck what be you talk about . Robin turn away , ashamed . robin the guy be right . it will mean nothing come from I . he will listen to you Chuck . everybody do . int . chart house - same skipper and Alice have paperwork spread out in front of they . a knock . skipper come . Chuck enter , awkward . skipper what 's on you mind ? chuck I be here on behalf of the crew , sir . skipper look up . skipper well , spit it out . chuck the fact be ... we would like you to give phil another chance . Alice raise she eyebrow , surprised . skipper can not do it . chuck Sir ...? skipper Close the door . sit down . Chuck do as he be tell . skipper why do you think I be send he home ? chuck he kill the dolphin . skipper look at Chuck for a moment . skipper the dolphin be a symptom . chuck of what ? skipper of a fight he can not win out here . chuck it 's he father sir . he 's suffocating he . we have all see it ... suddenly it 's as if Chuck be talk about he own life . chuck I mean he have all this expectation and he do not even know who he own kid be . what right do then have to show up here ? skipper they have every right Chuck . chuck they send we because they want we to change , or grow up or something and then they try to keep we the same . skipper sit up and study Chuck for a moment . skipper let I tell you something about phil 's father , and you 's too . how do you think you get here ? you think this be all free , that they owe you something ? you think they enjoy riding subways and commuter train , drive bus or pull lobster trap ? work fifty week a year to keep you in tennis shoe and private school ? look around at how the rest of the world life Chuck . we be the luckiest people alive , every one of we . they give it up for you and phil , and I too my friend . Chuck chew on it . skipper there be ground rule in family just like on this boat . if you and phil do not like it , I be sorry . someday you will understand that , and if you be lucky , you will come home and find you best friend have be there all along wait for you to forgive he for be a father . it will be the way it use to be , when you be ten and you dad be a giant . now it 's skipper who be talk about himself . skipper do phil know how you guy feel ? chuck I do not know . skipper you should tell he . that 's something he can take with he . Chuck nod and leave . ext . chart house - same as Chuck exit he meet Robin 's eye . he shake he head . int . chart house - same skipper return to he paperwork but can feel Alice watch he . he sense it . skipper I be all ear . Alice smile . alice you may not like what you hear . skipper I can take it . alice they have become what you want . they be a crew . that 's why he come . skipper put a loving hand on Alice 's shoulder . skipper why do we begin this ? alice we be idealist . skipper because we believe we could make a impact out here . self reliance and community through the discipline of sailing . alice I have not forget . skipper phil , he 's not look inside . he 's just strike out at the world . alice he have a lot of hurt inside he . skipper well , he better learn to own it . action have consequence . ( beat ) it 's not what happen here Alice , it 's what they take away with they . Alice run she hand across he face . alice you be still a idealist . skipper turn and slip into she arm . skipper oh hell ... ext . deck - day phil be in the long boat with skipper , ready to shove off . tension be high . it 's as though they be all wait for skipper to give phil a reprieve . but , it 's not come . they mumble goodby . Terry and Rick pass down phil 's bag . rick good luck . phil nod and turn to skipper . phil I be ready . skipper start to pull the oar to make the crossing to the dock as the crew watch they go . Robin turn , stare at the ship bell . ext . dock - same skipper tie off the boat and phil hand up he bag . a black limousine wait , brood . phil climb up with skipper and stand , stare at it . the back door open , but nobody get out . ext . albatross - same the crew stand , watch . charlie his ol ' man 's gonna eat he for lunch . JOHN I know what that 's like . rick yeah . then , suddenly ... chuck my god ... all stare aloft . in the rigging , climb up the mast , be Robin . with the ship bell in he tooth , he be sweat every rung . perspiration glisten on he brow . the crew watch , transfix as he fight he way towards the foretop . ext . dock - same phil turn to skipper . work up some courage to say something , anything . but all that come out be ... phil I be sorry . a pause between they . skipper I know , phil . skipper extend a hand and they shake . phil be about to turn , when a familiar sound draw they attention . ext . foretop - same Robin , hold on for dear life at the top of the mast , ring the ship bell triumphantly over he head , wave to phil. victorious . ding ding ! ding ding ! ding ding ! the crew begin to cheer . ext . dock - same phil stare back , fight he emotion . slowly he raise he hand in a single wave of acknowledgement . the ringing stop as he eye meet robin' . wave back . skipper turn . skipper they never give up on you , you know . phil chew on it . then ... phil tell them I say ... thanks . ( beat ) Goodbye skipper . robin' Pov Robin watch as the limo pull away . he ring the bell wildly . the crew below wave in a show of silent protest . older chuck ( v.o. ) as Robin ring he out , we wave in silent protest against skipper 's decision . and in the day that follow the low morale be match only by a sense of arrogance that perhaps the master should step down and let he student take over . aerial shot Robin , the Albatross and the drama unfold below spin slowly away as we climb , turn , higher and higher . ext . albatross - establishing - day foam spray from she bow as the Albatross slice through the swell . int . cabin - same tod exit the head with a worried look on he face . he grab Chuck by the arm and pull he aside . morale be extremely low . tod listen man , I think I have a problem . chuck we all have problem . tod I be pissin ' fire man . Chuck react . int . skipper be cabin - day tight on Alice . pull back to reveal tod stand in front of she with he short down around he ankle . mortify . alice have a nice time in curacao , do you tod ? Alice get up and move to she medicine chest . tod start to pull up he short . alice not so fast . she pull out a menacingly large look hypodermic needle . tod 's embarrassment turn to alarm . ext . deck - later the crew stand in line , piss . lawford and George man the deck with skipper and exchange amused look . the door open and Chris exit , red face , rub he backside . he glare at tod who sit on the paint locker . CHRIS way-ta - go valentino . I never even cop a feel in curacao . tod yeah well , you sexual orientation be not my problem . rick man , be there a social disease you have not have ? charlie so much for vestal virgin . lawford swing up a pair of binocular . a vessel under power be come up fast behind they . he hold the binoc out to skipper . lawford what do you make of that ? skipper turn and look . skipper I do not know . the ship pull along the port side , keep a couple hundred yard between they . the boy move to the rail . George see they first . GEORGE Jesus . she 's get gun . skipper she 's Cuban . everyone become alarmed . even Alice look concerned . suddenly a puff of smoke discharge from the gun boat . skipper ( shouting ) get down ! everybody down !! the entire crew hit the deck as a shell rocket across the bow explode in the water . skipper Jesus , we be Americans !!! we be Americans !!! skipper grab the american flag and start wave it . terry Jesus , they be gonna sink we !! skipper Bill drop everything . do it now ! the crew scramble for the rigging , frantically drop sail . skipper ( hit each word ) who the hell do they think they be ? as the sail come down , the Albatross slow to a stop . the cuban inch closer and begin speak over a loud speaker in Spanish . the seas be high and the two ship rise and fall with the large swell between they . GEORGE they want we to identify ourselves . Chuck return with a bull horn . skipper tell they we be the american School ship , Albatross . George reply in Spanish over the bull horn . the cuban answer . GEORGE they think we be carry Cuban refugee . ( beat ) skipper , they mean to board we . skipper not a chance . remind they that accord to the geneva Convention , fire on a civilian vessel on the high sea be a act of war . another exchange between George and the cuban . the crew lay flat on the deck , terrify . GEORGE they say they be act on the direct authority of fidel castro . skipper defiantly swing up onto the gunnel rail . the Cuban Captain give a order and one of he sailor jump into the turret of the anti aircraft gun and swivel around point both barrel at the Albatross . skipper stand firm , between the shroud . silence . a standoff . skipper tell them to come aboard . George send the return message . there be a pause , then the murmur of the relieved crew . skipper swing down but never take he eye off the gunboat . skipper ( to crew ) we have come a long way gentleman . but this be no time for heroes . I know you be much more , but I need you to be boy right now . that 's a order . now scatter and find you passport . int . cabin - day Laundry , book and memento go fly as each boy scramble to dig up he passport . Terry sit among he thing , daze . Bill notice . bill what 's wrong ? ext . deck - day a small launch fill with Cuban soldier approach the Albatross . the crew climb on deck and line up along the chart House with they passport . lawford walk up to skipper . lawford we have get a problem . skipper what 's that ? lawford Terry leave he passport in curacao . we could hide he ... skipper no. bring he on deck with the other . the cuban cast they line up and climb aboard carry side arm . Terry reluctantly join he crew mate . the commanding officer face skipper as he man go down the line check the passport . other search the ship . commander Chicken be a fool 's game captain . skipper so be violate international law . commander but you invite be aboard . skipper you cannon make a compelling argument . one of the cuban pull Terry out of line and bring he forward . he alert the Commander in Spanish . commander Stow away ? skipper he leave he passport in curacao . it 's be mail to Panama . commander that be unfortunate . we will have to take he with we . Terry be petrify . lawford if he 's a Cuban , castro wear a dress . skipper nobody aboard my ship be go anywhere . skipper stare he down . the Commander signal to one of he man who disappear into the chart House . commander perhaps in appreciation for we country 's pursuit of peace , you might offer we some , token of gratitude . skipper do not really have a choice . skipper what do you want ? the Cuban return from the chart House with the ship sextant and hand it to the Commander . commander this. and ... point to the ship compass . commander ... and that . GEORGE you have get to be kid !! skipper ( cold ) take it . without hesitation the cuban pull the large brass compass from its base . skipper now , get the hell off my ship . as they leave the ship , they pause . the Commander look back at the skipper , then deliberately drop both sextant and compass into the sea . commander you will really have something to teach you student now . skipper stand tower above they . the Cuban captain smile up at he . amazingly , skipper address he in perfect Spanish . skipper Las estrella es lo unico , que un marinero verdadero se mesesita para encontrarse . verdade patron ? the cuban stare back , frown , amaze as they motor away . the crew be stunne by what they have just witness . skipper turn and meet the eye of admiration , humility and complete respect . he join Alice at the helm . they linger for a moment . chuck what would he say ? George smile , impressed as well . GEORGE he tell they real sailor need only the star . with a new attitude , they turn to skipper . skipper alright then , let 's get outta here . the crew bolt to there position . older chuck ( v.o. ) with staff and string he show we how to build a sextant . as we ride the trade , he share the ancient secret of how to read the wave and follow star . and some morning later , bath in the orange glow of a sunrise , Panama rise from the sea like a phoenix . ext . albatross - panama canal - day Panama appear on the horizon . the Albatross be dwarf by the huge freighter moor around she , as she move through the lock . the crew stand on deck in quiet reverence . int . MAIN cabin - night the sound of slumber fill the cabin . all seem well with the world . suddenly , silhouettes in the darkness . a huge bearded figure stand in the center of the cabin with a trident in he hand . Chuck wake with a start . he bolt upright to see the horrible figure of neptune himself ( lawford ) tower before he . he try to scream , but hand cover he mouth . he be drag , struggle , up the companionway . ext . deck - night the Albatross have be transformed into a ghost ship . where the sail once be , only shred fabric . all of the crew have be bring on deck . powder face glow , surreal . John 's head have be shave into a mohawk . Robin , Rick and Chris have be reduce to crew cut . the shear start over Chuck 's head . Neptune and he sidekick , davey jone ( George ) and two mermaid ( Bill and Alice ) emerge with the rest of the crew . neptune hold fast that polliwog and make he presentable . Chuck struggle as he hair be shave away and face powder . neptune let it be know that on this day in the year nineteen hundred and sixty - one there appear within the limit of my royal kingdom , the sailing ship brigantine Albatross , bound for galapagos . all vessel that sail my domain shall be subject to the scrutiny of the underworld ... Terry be bring topside kick and scream . neptune silence !!! Terry shut up and succumb to the same fate as the rest . neptune tonight you shall all enter the order of the shellback . only when you have be duly initiate shall you enjoy the mystery and protection of the trident . so , let the festivity begin ... ext . helm - night Neptune and he court sit smoking Havana cigar as each member of the crew present themselves . Robin dress like a pig and crawl around snort . John 's a indian brave , whooping and holler as he do a rain dance . Chuck , with flipper on he hand and foot , hop around like a frog . Rick be in ' drag ' as Neptune 's girlfriend and must sing everything he say . Charlie be dress like a sloth and slither along the deck . frenetic chaos . ext . deck - later Neptune and he court lead a procession around the perimeter of the deck . the crew follow . they stamp they foot and chant . all Hell be to drift , heaven to steer ! Hell be to drift , heaven to steer !! Hell be to drift , heaven to steer !! they move faster and faster around the boat . they shout louder and louder , faster and faster until they have all work themselves into a frenzy . ext . bow - dawn davey Jones , hold a large turtle shell over the crew head . as each one pass before he he pour blood from the turtle shell onto they head . it run down , streaking they flour face and neck . as the ritual progress , Neptune speak . neptune by virtue of the power inherite by I , I do hereby command all of my subject , such as mermaid , sea serpent , dolphin , whale , shark and turtles , from eat , play with , or otherwise molest this vessel or she crew . let it be remember that on this , my equatorial domain on longitude 88 ' 20 ' 13 " on this 532nd in the year of the dolphin , you enter the order of the shellback !! the crew cheer and embrace . skipper call from the wheel . skipper land ho ! ext . galapagos island - day the crew stop they celebrate and gather at the port bow . ahead , glow orange with the dawn , the island of galapagos . it 's desolate landscape of silent volcanoe and ancient lava flow that spill into the sea . the face of the boy , still streak with the indignity of the night 's ordeal , stand silently before they final destination . older chuck ( v.o. ) we have journey over six thousand mile to the very edge of the earth . like darwin before we , we would witness the bliss of nature in the absence of man . and it be as if the Albatross have ford time , leave it behind . in the heat of that equatorial day , on the virgin onyx beach and shifting coral dune , one could expect to find sun iguanas , nest frigate and perchance ... the footprint of God . ext . beach - shipwreck BAY - day the Albatross rest at anchor . on the beach , the crew watch a huge group of penguin dive and frolic from the ancient guano cliff . so unaccustom be this creature to man , that they have no fear . ext . lagoon - day Chuck , John and Rick snorkel among the playful sea lions . they dart and swim like otter among they new human friend . ext . lava outcropping - day Terry , Chris , Chuck and Mike stand take note on exotic bird . frigates , hawk , flamingos , pelican , booby , and of course ... albatross . ext . albatross - day the crew be sprawle across the deck take final exam . Alice walk among they . Chuck throw a anxious look towards John who be bury in he test . ext . grassy lowland - day boobies nest in the grass . thousands of they and amazingly , the crew can walk among they without they bat a eye . Chuck and Robin watch as the iguanas sneak into unattend nest and steal egg . ext . dune - day Chuck be alone gaze over the shoreline . a huge flock of finch darken the sky , circle the black sand beach . pure magic . ext . beach - day Beyond , the anchore Albatross rock and bounce in a blue-sky gale . Chuck , John , Robin , Rick , Chris and tod stand by a dory watch the sea build . they wear only tatter short , they hair sun bleach and they skin dark . rick we be here for the night . tod yeah . ext . rock - same tight . the eye of predator . sharp , cun , hungry . ext . black sand beach - day a lone wild goat graze on the beach . it look up , sense something , unfamiliar , then , return to it 's graze . tight . thunder bare foot on the black sand . the goat look up again , this time it see five homosapien bear down on he . they come naked , swinging they shred clothing above they head like lassos . shout , whooping , primal . the goat bolt for its life . pound through the waterline like the wild horse of sable , the hunter charge after the hunt , close . the goat 's eye be full of a terror it have never know . the beach be broad and long with no cover . the hunter be gain on the goat . splash foot pound closer ... suddenly they be upon the goat . but , instead of attack it , they just run through it , pass it . the goat pull up and stop , breathless , watch the naked human run . Close on the face of brother , match each other , step for step . the music build as we ... freeze frame ext . beach - night Wild eye behind the charcoal paint mask of primal man . the rhythmic beat of stick clack and voice chant . the heaping of driftwood into pile . taught and powerful , the glisten body of young man . Blue spark leap from strike flint against stone . a flame be bear . voice howl in guttural triumph . as the flame leap and singe the darkness , silhouettes of man pound the sand and cry out in a ritualistic dance . the goat watch from the shadow , bemuse , as the dance build to a frenzy . the night sky be fill with the building sound of raging fire , pound surf and chant voice . ext . albatross - same the wind carry the sound of ceremony across the water . the flame from the beach reflect off of the water turn the white hull of the ship , a deep flicker orange . the word a-l-b-a-t-r-o-s-s have be spell in huge flame letter . Alice join skipper at he place by the rail watch . alice what be they do ? skipper claim they place in the world . ext . shoreline - dawn the white surf hiss as it wash among the cinder of the evening ritual . the galapagos have be return , for now , to the frigate and the iguanas . across the water against the rise sun , the Albatross , under full sail , be bound for home . ext . deck - same the crew stand at they post . the yard and foretop be trim with sailor , they face teach and they body hard . no one look back . ext . deck - panama canal - day Alice step onto the deck from the chart house with papers in she hand . alice well gentleman , I have the result of you college board score . I think most of you will be pleased . the crew member collect they exam . Chuck notice John at the bow , alone , lose . chuck you okay ? JOHN yeah . how would you do . Chuck look down at he exam apprehensively . chuck ninety -six . JOHN congratulation . chuck what about you ? John slowly pass he test to Chuck . chuck it 's a ninety - one ! it 's a ' a ' ! JOHN I know . chuck ( excited ) you know ? then why be you up here look like you be about to jump overboard ?! JOHN I just can not believe it . chuck this be you moment , do not you see ? the instant when you know that you life be never go to be the same again . when you stand up and be count . John try to choke back he emotion . JOHN I could not have do it without you . chuck yes you could . you do . ( hold up the exam ) this be all you . nobody else . John look out . JOHN thank you . Chuck smile and join John 's gaze over the water . chuck feel different do not it ? JOHN what ? chuck that we be go back . I do not want it to end . I do not want to be what I be when I leave . JOHN what be that ? chuck anonymous . Chuck look at he test grimace . chuck I have be get ninety - six my whole life . it 's what they expect . after all this , I still have not figure it out . JOHN figure what out ? chuck who I be , outside of this boat . what the hell I be do here . JOHN I will tell you who you be . you be the glue . you be the thing that hold everybody around you together . you be strong , you listen and you see thing in people the rest of we can not . it 's a gift . it 's Chuck 's turn to fight emotion . chuck you know , I never have friend like this . JOHN I either . chuck I feel like ... we can do anything . John smile , clutching he exam . JOHN we can . older chuck ( v.o. ) in the fade hour of that Pacific dusk , with nothing leave to confess , for the first time we feel safe , capable , sure of who we be and where we be go . int . MAIN cabin - dawn the crew sleep in they bunk . lawford 's voice rumble down the companionway . lawford a wet sheet and a flow sea / a wind that follow fast , and fill the white and rush sail , and bend the gallant mast / arise , arise you salty dog . the watch be on . Chuck , Tom , John , Terry and tod roll out . the dumb waiter clatter down from the galley with the morning 's breakfast . skipper and some of the crew be already eat . ext . deck - day the Albatross be under full sail try to take advantage of what little wind there be . the sky be gray and dank . tod and Terry be at the helm . Chuck and John be amid ship . John relieve Bill on the forward watch . chuck look like we be gonna get wet . bill well , we need it . I want to take a nice long bath and catch some water for my laundry . JOHN save some for I will you ? bill you get it . I be go below . suddenly , a huge lightning bolt explode out of the sky and strike the water a hundred foot off of the starboard beam . everyone jump . tod Jesus !! skipper bolt onto the deck . skipper everybody okay ? the crew nod sheepishly . a very close call . skipper all hand keep out of the rigging and stay clear of the mast . the cloud grow dark but no more lighting . tod laugh nervously . everybody join in . it 's contagious . even skipper manage a smile . skipper all right gentleman . thor 's have he fun . let 's keep a keen eye . skipper start back into the chart house when suddenly , a powerful gust of wind drive the ship hard to a 45 degree list to the starboard . skipper stop and turn . instinctively , John and Chuck spring for the rigging to drop sail . skipper ( sharply ) no ! stay down !! skipper stare at the sky with the intensity of a cobra . wait . the wind ease . it become eerily still . the ship slow and the sail go slack . silence . skipper maintain he vigil . close on water foam and spray appear off of the top of the swell like the invisible footprint of a locomotive . John see it first . JOHN ( shouting ) here it come !!! everybody turn and look . skipper 's eye suddenly widen as he realize ... skipper ( in a whisper ) White squall ! the charge wall of wind slam into the topsail so hard it send a shudder throughout the ship . the wheel be nearly rip out of tod 's hand . instinctively , he try to turn the ship into the wind . skipper hard to starboard !!! hard to starboard !!! confused , panicked , tod keep turn to the leave , into the wind . skipper struggle to get to the wheel but when the ship heal so badly he slide sideways across the deck . tod no , hard to port ! skipper turn the GOD damned wheel to the right !!! finally , tod do as he be tell . but as soon as the ship start to come about , the vicious wind drive she further onto she side . as the deck become vertical Chuck half slip , half tumble down to the starboard gunnel . int . MAIN cabin - same Robin , Chris , Bill , Mike and Rick be seat at the table finish breakfast as the ship start to go . they all share grow alarm as they watch the table reach it 's maximum angle . dish start slide off . bill get out !! everybody out !! ext . deck - same skipper manage to grab the ax mount on the chart house and cut the mainsheet with a single blow . but it 's too late . the tall mast plunge into the ocean and the sail scoop ton of sea water , pin the Albatross on she side . int . skipper be cabin - same Alice struggle towards the door . the book case tear out of the wall and strike she . she drop to she knee . the door swing open in front of she . she reel for a moment and then lose consciousness . int . forward compartment - same lawford , Charlie and George be all hurl out of they bunk . the world be suddenly sideways . lawford leap up , push the other towards the companionway ladder . lawford go , go , go !!! topside !!! come on Charlie ! George , get they out !! George disappear into the main cabin . lawford manage to get Charlie out . as lawford reach the top of the ladder sea water explode through the hatch and drive he back into the bowel of the ship . int . MAIN cabin - same Robin be through the companionway in the chart house with Mike right behind he . but instead of exite , he hold the door open against the sea so that Mike can escape . Mike get through the door before the rush sea slam it close , pin Robin 's arm . he struggle to push through . ext . deck - same John slashes at the line secure the starboard lifeboat with he knife and manage to free it before it be drag to the bottom . he scramble through the collapse rigging tangle above he for the port lifeboat . at the stern the Albatross be go down . fast. Chuck and tod stand on the after skylight . Chuck catch glimpsis of the struggle go on below . chuck my God , they be drown ! skipper catch a glimpse of Alice through the skylight . Water wash over she but she do not move . skipper oh please , no . not this woman . int . skipper be cabin - same skipper 's face be press hard against the skylight . his muffle voice penetrate the cabin . Alice stir . she look around , delirious . skipper Alice , get up !! come on girl !! he pound uselessly on the teak deck then tear at the plank , finger bleed . Alice look up confuse but calm and find skipper 's eye . on the deck panicked for the first time in he life slipper swing the ax wildly at the perpendicular deck send a shower of splinter into the water . skipper get out !! get out !! Jesus Christ , please God , Alice get out !!! but after only two swing , the Albatross and Alice , slip beneath the sea . int . MAIN cabin - same Water thunder in from every possible exit . Chris and Rick push Bill towards the dumbwaiter . rick Bill , you go . we will be right behind you . before he can say no , Rick and Chris jam Bill into the tiny shaft . suddenly , from below , a tremendous geyser smashes he to the top , knock he unconscious . but the pressure be so great that the water sweep he through the galley and out onto the deck . ext . deck - same skipper struggle to reach John and the second life boat but see that it be tangle in the rigging . skipper johnny , it 's not good . John defy he and keep cut . the ship be almost completely submerge . JOHN I can get it ! suddenly one of the deck locker break free and plunge into the water take line and rope with it . John become tangle and be drag into the water . only he superior strength allow he to hold onto the lifeboat and keep cut . the Albatross slip beneath the surface . instead of try to free himself John keep slashing at the lifeboat line as he disappear , swallow by the sea . int . forward compartment - same eerie silence . lawford be trap in a tiny air pocket . debris float around . he begin to panic as the water around he rise . lawford my God !! oh God I be die !!! he take a deep breath and the water consume he . then suddenly , the ceiling above he explode from the pressure within . on the surface lawford be catapult from the grip of death , to the surface . ext . surface - same Chuck continue to frantically dive on the chart house door as the ship take the ' deep six ' . suddenly the ship roll 180 degree , she screw expose and keel jutting up like a huge dorsal fin . ext . underwater - same Chuck feel the ship come down on top of he but still find Robin 's arm . they clasp tightly , but Chuck just can not budge the door . then , strangely , Robin release Chuck 's arm and pull it back through the door . Chuck look up , startle . the small round window in the door be illuminate from the cabin light on the inside . through the glass , Chuck meet Robin 's frighten eye . he fight to stay in a shrink air pocket . Robin take a last gulp of air then , a calm come over he . he meet Chuck 's eye again but this time with a strange acceptance . they both know what 's happen . but Robin have refuse to take he friend to the bottom with he . he press he hand to the glass . Chuck do the same . then with a smile , Robin push himself away from the door , disappear into the darkness and eternity . ext . surface - same Chuck break the surface , gasp for air . he look around , frantic . he see nothing but the sea swell and debris . all that remain be the sound of the wind and rain on the water . suddenly , beneath he , a massive rumbling and explosion of foam . then , the top of twin mast rise out of the water like shattered lance as the ship rights herself underwater . she hold herself steady for a moment as if in a final attempt at resurrection , the Albatross begin to rise . faster and faster , until she entire length explode out of the water in a mountain of foam and wave . on the deck like ahab before he , John appear , lash in a web of tangle line still slashing to free the remain long boat . and for a moment , it look as if she might stay there , as if this be just a final surreal lesson of the sea . some of the boy begin to cheer prematurely . but skipper know better . she 's fill to the gill with sea water . she shutter . then , like a stone , she just drop , suck to the center of the earth , John 's hand still slashing , as she finally go . pull back to reveal Survivors hang onto the debris that float in the watery tempest . strangely , the wind subside . the sea become calm and a stunne silence fall over that in the water . chuck oh GOD !!!!! his scream echoe , for the grief of all . on the surface there be a explosion of bubbles , and then she slip beneath the wave like a stone . the stunne crew can only watch . then , as if by magic , the second life boat erupt to the surface . skipper fight off he emotion . he know what it mean . John die cut it free . Terry and Bill hang onto a life ring . blood run from Bill 's head . Charlie , Mike and several other hold onto the side of the other freed life boat which have be swamp . lawford float on he back , unconscious , but alive . several of the boy help pull he towards the boat . skipper swim to the second boat , desperately look for that not account for . but , they be go . among the wreckage , the roof of the chart house . the only sound leave be the ominous toll of the ship 's bell , Robin 's bell , still secure in it 's fitting . ext . life boat - day the boat have be float and tie together . skipper be in one , lawford in the other . one of the two boat have be rig with sail . skipper stand in the bow stare into the ink blue water . skipper raise you sail , Bill . North , north - east . keep a sharp look out for Florida . Bill study he for a moment , then ... bill maybe we could wait around a little longer , sir ... there be a long pause before skipper answer . skipper ( quietly ) she 's go ... she 's go . there be something remarkably touch about this young man try to take care of he . he put a hand on skipper 's shoulder . it almost make he crack . he pat Bill 's hand gently . skipper carry on . bill yes sir . skipper North , north -east . ( beat ) and Dick , please make a note of we final position . lawford nod sullenly . Chuck look out at the float wreckage around they , silent , lose . suddenly , there be a ' thump ' on the hull of the boat . the survivor share a confuse look . then it come again . Chuck look out at the surface of the water . it 's suddenly alive ... with shark . lawford hand and foot inside the boat . they come by the dozen . ramming the boat and rummage through the debris . they swarm around the boat until it seem as if the water be boil . Chuck pick up a oar and start beat wildly at the shark . chuck aaaahhhh !!!! the other take up the cause and in a moment they be all scream and cursing the shark . it 's a frenzy of grief and anger . older chuck ( v.o. ) we slashed at the shark as if strike out at the finger of God . and we all begge silently for the ability to understand what have happen . but , if there be a God that day , he answer come only in the moan wind and we question be leave to drift unanswer , in the titanic ocean of we deep grief . exhausted , Chuck stop slashing and stare out . lose . chuck ( hushed ) wake up . wake up . 1 - 2 -3 wake up . like Robin 's nightmare of he brother , this be all too real . ext . ocean - day the tramp freighter gran rio steam toward the life boat . the crew stand silently , watch as the ship approach . ext . ship - day Chuck stand on the deck of the gran Rio as the last of the crew scramble up cargo netting hang over the side . Chuck stare out numbly watch as the two desert long boat drift away . ext . deck - gran rio - day Chuck , now dress , stand in the same spot at the rail , stare out . a muffle sound pull Chuck into the present . he walk slowly down the after deck to a cabin door where sobbing escape from the other side . Chuck turn the handle and crack the door . int . cabin - same curle up on the floor next to he bunk be skipper . a look of shock come over Chuck 's face . skipper have come completely unglue , sobbing deeply . chuck ( tentative ) skipper ? skipper turn slowly , look up . his eye be red and he face streak with tear . he look at Chuck almost as if he do not know who he be . lose . skipper I be sorry . I be so sorry . Chuck reel . it sound more like a confession than a outpour of sadness . Chuck close the door . ext . harbor - tampa florida - day skipper , back in control , and the crew , stand along the port rail of the gran Rio . a small flotilla of pleasure boat surround the ship and hundred of people line the pier . it 's a intimidating sight . on the pier pensive , worried , angry face of parent and family . chaos. Coast Guard official try to hold back the mob . man what about the manifest !! what about my son !!! woman how many make it ? nobody will tell we anything !! officer we do not have a list of survivor yet . please stand back . do not push ! angry shout drow he out . on the deck the captain of the gran Rio come down from the bridge with some of he officer and stand with skipper and the other . several coast guard officer join they on the deck . skipper turn to the Captain and extend he hand . skipper thank you . the Captain nod . skipper turn to he crew , look over they . a smile of deep pride pass he lip . they all see it . then , between the Coast Guard officer , he walk down the ramp . lawford and the crew fall in behind . ext . pier - same a shouting mob wait for they . Reporters and spectator shout and call out question . it reach a fever pitch as the crew descend . skipper reach the bottom of the ramp , he eye meet a cool , familiar face . Francis boutillier . phil stand next to he , stare at the ground . francis ( above the shouting ) welcome home . skipper be shove forward by the crowd push and shove . the crew follow but be sweep away . Charlie stop in front of phil . charlie phil ? flash bulb explode . Charlie and the other be descend upon as reporter bark out question . reporter # 1 ( shouting ) what the hell happen out there captain ? reporter # 2 how many boy do you lose ...? and how come you do not go down with you ship ? Parents begin to realize who have be lose . agonize cry mix with jubilation . it 's emotional chaos . the crew member be drive apart , they call to each other , suddenly aware of what 's happen . tod ( panicked ) Charlie !! Bill !! Terry suddenly find himself smother in the arm of he mother . he strain to see what be happen to he shipmate . terry's mother oh , sweetheart ! look at you ... terry skipper !! Reporters corner they block he view . more reporter clamor after skipper , who do not reply . reporter # 3 Captain , be it true that the ship be hit by a " White squall " ? reporter # 2 be it true the first mate be only fifteen ? Bill step in between they . bill it be not he fault mister ... reporter # 4 the National weather service say " White squall " be a meteorological phenomenon of the imagination . would you care to comment of that ? do not you have anything to say to this parent ?!! the reporter pop a flash picture in skipper 's face . skipper fly around and knock the camera to the ground . the reporter jump back , startle . skipper yes I do . and it 's private . very private . skipper be sweep away towards the custom booth by coast guard officer . skipper surrender the manifest and it be staple to the outside of the door . int . custom hut - same skipper be whisk inside . the Coast Guard officer lock the door behind they . officer sit down Captain . we will have a car here in a few minute . can I get you a cup of coffee ? skipper no , thank you . skipper sit . the wail of family member can be hear as they see the list outside . flash bulb and face press against the window shouting question . he just stare at the floor . outside from above we can see the group swarm around the the booth like angry hornet . the crew be fracture and pull apart from each other . Charles , fight he way through the crowd . charle Chuck ! Chuck !!! Chuck try to get to he . chuck dad ! they embrace . flash bulb explode all around they . chuck where 's Mom ? charle I could not bring she down here until I know you be safe . a woman stands , stare at the empty ramp . lose . a man come up behind she and lead she away . a reporter shove a microphone in Chuck 's face . reporter # 5 be it the skipper 's fault ? and be it true drink be permit on board ? why do the ship really go down ? Charles grab the guy and shove he back into the crowd . Chuck strain to see he crew mate but they have be sweep away . charle come on . Charles put he arm around Chuck , still barefoot , and together , they walk away . photographer trail after they , pop off a few last photo . Chuck turn and look back . int . car moving - downtown - day a ride reminiscent of the one Chuck and he father take before the journey begin . there be a gulf of silence between they . Charles break it . charle I think we would find a store , get you fix up and then get you some lunch . that sound good ? chuck yeah , sure . Chuck stare out the window at the traffic and congestion . a car in front of they run a red light . Charles slam on the brake . Chuck be shake up . Charles notice . charle I be sorry , son . be you okay ? Chuck manage a nod . int . department store - day lavish and conspicuous by Chuck 's recent standard , the store be crowded and jamme with merchandise . claustrophobic . Cash register ring and muzak drift in from above . Chuck follow as Charles pull thing off of hanger and pile they into Chuck 's arm . charle why do not you go and try some of that on ? chuck okay . ext . dressing room - day Charles peruse the rack . he call to Chuck . charle how're you do in there ? Chuck call from a dress room . chuck ( o.s. ) Fine . charle all right . I be gonna wander over and look at some shoe ... int . dressing room - same Chuck be curl up in the floor of the tiny booth . still dress in the clothes from the gran Rio , perspiration bead on he skin . chuck ( call out ) okay . tear stream down he face . he look up and see himself in the mirror . the eye that look back be eye of the age . involuntary sob . he begin to shake . the tiny booth suddenly like a crypt . tight , with no air . Chuck let out a gasp . chuck oh God ... someone pull open the curtain . a man , from the next booth , fat and middle age stand before Chuck in a pair of pants still sport the price tag . he look down . man you okay , kid ? Chuck be suddenly in the throw of a full - on anxiety attack . he leap up and push past the man . ext . dressing room - same Chuck explode out of the dress room . running , almost blind , he crash into a rack of clothes . Charles look up as he scramble to he foot and bolt for the door . charle Chuck !! ext . STREET - same Charles burst through the door , look up and down the street , but Chuck be ... go . ext . beach - same the set sun paint Chuck 's face with golden light . he stare out across the water . Charles walk up behind he . chuck when we be grow up I always feel like you would take care of thing , that everything would be okay . ( beat ) but you can not make this okay , can you ? charle no , I can not . Charles put he arm around he son . together they turn and walk back towards the boardwalk , and the world . int . coast guard headquarters - night skipper sit across from a Coast Guard Officer , tyler , 60 . Tyler pull out a file and lay it on the table . tyler there be allegation question you competence with regard to the command of the Albatross . I have be instruct to convene a formal tribunal to determine whether or not negligence play a part in the sink . skipper I understand . tyler May I ask you something ? skipper nod . tyler how would you manage to piss off a guy as powerful as Francis boutillier ? skipper it be not hard . tyler I use to helm a school ship . a long time ago . skipper the Coast Guard ' Eagle ' . she never lose a race while you be skipper . Tyler be take aback by skipper 's knowledge . tyler that 's right , we do not . I miss it sometimes . but , there be other thing a skipper can do . Tyler remove he glass and study skipper . tyler the family ... want you ticket . turn it in , we forget the whole thing . everybody go home . skipper ... absolutely not . tyler the papers be go to eat you alive . even if you beat it , you will never get another commission . ( beat ) they want someone to be accountable . skipper I be accountable . int . HOTEL room - night Standard fare . two bed and a t.v. Chuck 's lace a new pair of sneaker . Charles be in the shower . there be a knock at the door . Chuck crack the door . it 's Charlie . charlie we gotta talk . int . boathouse - night the crew stand by the bulkhead . Bill toss down a newspaper . the headline read : investigation to probe school ship tragedy . bill we be all go to have to testify . they be go to try to take he license . tom why ? chuck they need it to be simple . they need a reason . tom who ? chuck all of they . everybody wait on that dock . tim so what be we suppose to do ? tod just tell them what we know and be do with it . that 's what he would want . terry easy for you to say . tod what 's that suppose to mean ?! terry everybody know why she go over tod . you jibe the boat . tod I be try to get she up wind ! that 's what you do when you be hit a-beam . or maybe you be too stupid to know that ! terry that 's not what skipper think . he be try to spill air from the main ! bill it be come four point off the bow , Terry . he never could have get she around . terry be you on deck ? I be stand right there and all I know be , he ... ( indicate tod ) ... disobey a order , twice , and the boat go over . tod it do not go over ' till I turn she starboard ! bill it be a act of God for Christ 's sake . terry it be a act of stupidity . tod lunge at Terry . Bill and Charlie pull they apart . tod ( scream ) be it my fault we be run all that sail ?! be it my fault she be not dogge down ?!! huh ?!! I could not help that the ballast shift ...! you son of a bitch !! it be not my fault !! it be not . tod break down , sodd on he knee . bill it 's okay , tod . Terry drag on a cigarette , then grind out the butt . terry then whose ? tod look up along with Bill and Charlie , all confuse . terry after the lightning strike , we try to go aloft to drop sail . we would do it a thousand time . we do not have to wait for a order . but skipper call we down . charlie if the foremast have take a strike , everyone in the rigging would have be fry . what would you have do ? terry we would have scallop the square from the deck . right Bill ? Bill turn and stare into the water , troubled . tod that 's right , that 's right ! bleed the sail from the deck and she could have take a hurricane ! it 's a strong argument . even Charlie be troubled by the implication . there be a long moment of silence between they . chuck this be crazy . nothing could have prevent what happen . mike you guy be miss the point . this be all because of phil . phil and he dear old dad . bill what ? mike how do you think they get this together so fast ? he 's be lay for skipper since the first day . charlie come on . like he 's get a vendetta or some such shit ? mike you get it . ( to Chuck ) I tell you he be a turn coat the day we kick he off the boat . Chuck frown , troubled . chuck no . you be wrong . mike I be tell you , the only way to change this be to get phil to call off he old man . and that be not gonna happen . so the way I see it , it 's skipper or we . the guy react . it 's a no win situation . ext . motel - night Chuck knock quietly on the door . phil answer the door . chuck can we talk ? phil I guess . francis ( o.s. ) who be it Philip ? phil it 's okay . I will be in , in a minute . ( to Chuck ) look , what do you want ? chuck everybody 's say this whole tribunal be happen because of you father . because of you . phil well that 's just typical be not it ? chuck be it true phil ? phil I gotta go . chuck you be not there , you do not know what happen . phil ( defensive ) I know enough . Chuck put a hand out to stop he . chuck phil , please . it will not change anything . tell he to call it off . francis ( o.s. ) who be you talk to out there Philip . come back in here . phil meet Chuck 's eye , then look away . phil I be sorry . he turn again and reach for the door . chuck wait . Chuck hand he something . phil look down , disbely . it 's the ship 's bell . Robin 's bell . they symbol of unity , of put loyalty above fear . chuck we figure he would have want you to have it . ( beat ) you do what you have gotta do phil . he leave phil stand alone on the porch , full of emotion , try to grasp it all . int . hearing room - day a small courtroom . the room be fill with the crew member and they family , include the parent of the victim , as well as the media . phil sit with he father and dodge Chuck 's eye . Coast Guard officer Tyler , downing and sander head the proceedings . tyler the United States Coast Guard have be ask to conduct this maritime hearing to consider the revocation of Captain Richard sheldrake 's U.S. master seaman 's certificate . int . hearing room - later Bill sit at the table with he parent as question be levele at he . Chief petty officer Sanders and down ask most of the question as Tyler oversee the proceedings . sander why do not you drop any sail ? bill skipper call we out of the rigging . sander but you instinct be to lose sail ? bill my instinct be to not get electrocute . sander how old be you , son ? bill ( hesitate ) Fifteen . sander thank you . later phil be at the table with Francis . Sanders ask the question . sander Philip , why be you discharge from the Albatross ? phil do not look up and speak in whisper . phil skipper think I be a challenge to authority . sander be you ? phil I do not know . later francis Captain sheldrake exhibit a arrogant , control attitude in my presence on more than one occasion . I believe he have a personality conflict with my son from the start . sander well , if you do not mind my ask , sir , why do you let you son stay ? Francis be stump for a moment but recover quickly . francis it be he dream to go . I could hardly stand in the way of that , could I ? phil rub he temple as if he be go to explode . int . hearing room - later it be skipper 's turn at the table . sander be it true that you force Robin weather to climb the mast when it be clear that he be acrophobic . skipper he climb when he be ready . sander be you aware that he brother be kill in a fall . Chuck and the other look up astonished . Mike shoot a look towards phil . mike he do it man . he sing like a bird . skipper hesitates . skipper yes , I be . whisper fill the room . sander Sir , be you aware at any time of the use of alcohol among the crew . skipper yes , I be . tyler and you do not do anything about it ? skipper ( beat ) no. I do not . again the crew member be strike . Charlie turn to Chuck . charlie they be twist it all around . why do not he say something ? sander have you ever see a " White squall " before this incident ? skipper no. sander what make you so sure it be one ? skipper I can not be sure . sander you really feel that you crew be up for the condition . skipper we would come twelve thousand mile together , through every kind of seas imaginable ... sander except , a " White squall " . ( beat ) with all due respect Captain sheldrake , they be only boy ... skipper they be much more than that , sir . sander be it true that the reason you expell Philip boutillier ... skipper ( cut he off ) for kill a dolphin . sander ... and that you invite he to strike you ? to fight it out on the deck of you ship ?! skipper look over at Francis . phil stare at the floor . skipper manage a ironic smile . skipper yes , that 's true . sander do you think this be funny ? some kind of joke ? you lose six people out there . skipper ( white hot ) I do not think one second of this be funny , sir . skipper stare down Sanders . he turn to Tyler . sander I have no more question at this time . he turn to sit down , then stop . sander oh , one last thing ... be not true that you father be a sea Captain ? skipper bristle . skipper yes . sander be not also true that he vessel go down off of nantucket ? lose everyone on board . in fair weather no less . skipper 's silence be suddenly fill with rage . Tyler see it and try to intercept . tyler what do this have to do with anything Mr. Sanders ? sander ( smug ) oh , nothing . I be just curious . skipper my father , be more seaman , more of a man , than you might ever hope to be . Sanders return to he seat , rattle . Tyler pound he gavel . tyler we will take a brief recess . ext . build - day the crew huddle in the parking lot . fracture , confuse . Chuck , tod , Charlie and Bill , stand off by themselves . tod there 's still a way . bill what do you mean ? tod it 's I , do not you see . Terry 's right , I be the escape hatch . I disobey order . chuck you take the order would not have change anything . tod they do not know that . ( beat ) we be the only one 's on deck . look , there 's nothing they can do to I right ? I be a kid . chuck but that 's not the point ... tod that be the point ... and skipper will slip off the hook . later tod be on the stand . downing why do not you turn hard to port as the wind hit ? tod I think we would have a better chance if I head into the wind so we could spill air from we sail . Tyler remove he glass . downing but the Captain order you hard to starboard . tod twice . downing be that what you be train to do ? tod no . downing then what do you think he be try to do . tod let the blow drive the boat down wind . neutralize we canvas . skipper be become uneasy . he see what be come . downing so when the captain give you a order contrary to you training , you think he be make a mistake ? tod no . tyler then why son , why do not you follow he order ? tod meet skipper 's eye . tod because -- I panicked . the room be suddenly buzzing . tod 's Father stand up . tod' father that 's not true tod . terry ( to Mike ) what the hell ? what be he do . mike Son of a gun . he just send skipper a life boat . Tyler turn to skipper . tyler if this young man have respond instantly to you command , do you believe the ship might have be spare ? skipper I do not know that anything could have prevent what happen . tyler then what be you try to say then ? skipper stand . skipper maybe you can not see what 's happen here , but it 's clear to I . ( to tod ) I appreciate what you be try to do tod . maybe you could live with it , but I could not . ( to tribunal ) if you think I be go to let a sixteen year old take responsibility , then you underestimate I . the Albatross be my ship . the Ocean Academy be my school . her loss be mine and mine alone . ( to other ) I can not bring you son back . if you want my ticket , if that will ease you loss , it 's the least I can do . this ... skipper pull out he wallet and take out he license . skipper this be easy . live with it , that will be hard . skipper turn and lay he license down in front of Tyler . then he turn and begin walk towards the back of the room . the room erupt . Crew member and they family hurl accusation and blame . cameras flash . Tyler try to regain control . suddenly Chuck stand , tall . chuck no !!! do not you walk away ! not now . not after all of this !!!! skipper keep walk . his head slump . Tyler pound he gavel . tyler that enough son !! order !! please !! tear begin to stream down Chuck 's face . his father , Charles , slowly stand meeting he son eye . go for it . chuck tell I skipper , be it all just a lie ? " where we go one , we go all " . we listen to you . we believe it . and we be still here !! skipper keep move . chuck shame on you then skipper . shame on you . skipper reach for the door . suddenly a sound stop he cold in he track . phil slowly rise . tear stream down he face . tightly in he hand he grip the ship bell . ding ding . ding ding . ding ding . it be the ringing of the truth . the toll of they unity . francis sit down ! phil ignore he . skipper slowly walk over , he eye never leave phil 's . he stop , face he . he gently take he hand and silence the bell . then he smile and put a hand on the back of phil 's head fight he own emotion . he turn to Chuck . chuck tell they the truth . make they understand . the room grow silent . skipper ( smile ) you tell they Chuck . Chuck suddenly feel the eye of the room . chuck it 's simple . bad thing happen sometimes . it be not skipper or tod . it be all of we . everyone in this room . because we all know the risk . ( to parent ) you send we ... you pay we tuition , you allow we to go . so to invent a reason for why this happen , to pin it on one person , well that will not change anything . it will just make we experience meaningless . he turn to the tribunal . chuck if you want to judge this man , judge he by he crew . judge he by Alice and George . Chris and John and Robin . in one way or another each one of they give they life save one of we . this may sound crazy but the Albatross be not just a ship , or even a school . it be something that we make , that 's inside we . that 's who skipper be . that 's what he teach we . I guess what it really be about be ... the privilege of sacrifice . Chuck turn to skipper . chuck be not that right ? skipper nod . skipper that 's right . the room be silent . then , a voice . a golden tenor sing like the wind . everyone turn . it 's Bill . bill when the sun come up , there be whisky in the cup , and not a one of we be sober ... one by one the crew member stand and begin to sing . Chuck turn , surprised to see he father rise and stand with he . word or not . crew together Jenny think she see a picture when it really be the sun , then we know the party be over . they all stand face skipper and sing . the voice build , sweeping over everyone like a wave . crew together oh my heart be sad , for leave you today , but I know we will meet again , when the moon be in the valley and the leaf be on the tree , we will come to clearly in the glen ... skipper meet Chuck 's eye and that of he mate . only now be he job finish . he beam back . the music swell like a anthem , building , like a swell lift a small wooden boat over a jag reef , until it rest safely in the calm water beyond . the crew come together around skipper one last time . they embrace . ext . mystic seaport - harbor - day older Chuck have return to the small building where the funeral service be hold earlier . the people have go but the funeral urn remain . ext . pier - day Chuck walk to the dock . he have the funeral urn in he hand . he step aboard a small sailboat and begin untying she . the harbor master notice and step out of he office . harbor master what do you think you be do . he walk over to the dock . harbor master all right friend , out of the boat . he try to board the boat but Chuck greet he with the sharp end of a gaff hook . older chuck ( softly ) stand away . he look into Chuck 's eye and see that he mean business . he back off . chuck push away and raise the sail . the harbor master watch , perplex as the small boat move off for open water . ext . OPEN sea - sunset bath in the orange glow of the sun , Chuck stand naked against the ivory sail . older chuck ( v.o. ) they do not take he ticket that day . but why he never return to the sea , I would never know . perhaps he have not be able to free himself from the anchor of grief that have drive he to he knee aboard the gran Rio , or that he no longer care for the solitude and isolation of command without he Alice . or maybe it be just that the wave that have speak to he for so long , have grow silent . whatever it be , that thing , it have always troubled I . because , fate offer up no reason . and maybe that 's what I have travel this thirty four year to say . maybe that be all I really know ... and , that one man care . Chuck turn to the sea and speak . older chuck Rest easy old salt . for together again , we will sail . with a powerful heave , he hurl the skipper 's remain at the sink sun and into the arm of Neptune . dissolve to : ext . beach - sunset the same sunset , but from another time . four young man walk along a desert beach . a small boat have beach and rock gently in the shallow . the boy run up and look at it . on the stern be paint the word : brigantine albatross . slowly pull back to reveal endless white sand , blue water , the young man and the boat . older chuck ( v.o. ) some time later we learn that one of we long boat have be recover . several young man find it wash up on a nameless beach somewhere on the island of hispaniola . no one seem to know who they be or where they come from , but they seem to know of the Albatross . ( pause ) sometimes in my dream that faceless young man reveal themselves as my lose companion , and on the twilight coral sand of forever , between my slumber and conscious state , we race naked again , so open and in love with that precious moment , run , ever laugh , ever young , ever free . slam CUT to : ext . galapagos - dusk Young again , they hair sun bleach and skin brown , Chuck , John , Robin , Rick , Chris and tod , pound through the surf in a grin footrace . Brothers all . Music build . freeze frame fade out . the end