White House down by James vanderbilt March 1 , 2012 fade in on : a snow globe . sitting on a little girl 's desk . Inside it , among the water and glitter , be a model of the white house . the flake swirl and gleam in the reflection of a night light . frame picture on the desk . a little girl in front of the Capitol . the lincoln Memorial . we be in int . emily's bedroom - night cramped . emily cale ( 10 ) slumber . a stack of magazine by she bed . US weekly . Teen people . the Economist . we hear a cell phone boop . Emily stir . check she batter first gen iphone . a email notification . the screen read : President 's Treaty with Iran draw criticism at g8 summit . Emily go to the CNN app . pull the cover over she head . a kid sneaking tv , except in this case , it 's not cartoon , it 's Wolf blitzer : wolf blitzer ... the propose treaty with the newly elect moderate President of Iran , mehrak Al - Said , be draw huge criticism for the sawyer administration . the President be boo when he take the stage to speak in geneva over the weekend ... drown out by a low rumbling . window rattling . Emily 's bed begin shaking . earthquake ? Emily leap up , huge smile on she face . throw the window open and look up to see a column of helicopter thunder overhead ! Three dark green vh-3d Sea King chopper , each with United States of America emblazon on the side ... marine one lead the presidential motorcade of the sky . Emily look up in wonder as Marine one and she two thunder companion bank East towards the dawn ... int . marine one ( flying ) - night the cabin hold ten . nine man in suit . one woman in the front jump seat . secret service agent carol finnerty ( 30' ) . smart pant suit , gun on she hip . she key she wrist mic : finnerty Castle , this be hummingbird , we be inbound from Andy , three minute out -- agent grigg Carol ? finnerty look up to see agent brian grigg across from she . agent grigg ( cont 'd ) he want to do the thing . finnerty sigh . finnerty really ? agent grigg really . finnerty Mr. President , it 's not a good idea to deviate from the flight plan ... she 's now look into the smile face of president jame sawyer , the 46th Chief executive of the United States . handsome , 40' , African - american . president sawyer come on , Carol , pretty please ? leader of the free world here , say ' pretty please ' here . oughta count for something . a beat . finnerty key she radio mic . finnerty Captain joffrey , this be agent finnerty ? the President would like to do the thing . the other grin as the helicopter bank leave ... ext . lincoln memorial - night beautifully illuminate . a jogger and he dog , huffing and puffing by when marine one sweep in low overhead , come down 23rd Street . the two escort chopper play follow - the-leader behind it , circle the Memorial , say hello to Mr. lincoln . the column of chopper turn East , fly out over the reflect pool ! a air tour of the sight ... int . marine one ( flying ) - night President sawyer smile in he seat as he watch lincoln recede . as they make a wide arc around the Washington monument , they destination come into view -- the white house . all light up . spectacular . president sawyer be it ever so humble ... finnerty ( into wrist walkie ) Castle , this be hummingbird , we be one minute out , I need a go / no go . int . white house guard house - night a structure on the North side of the White House Grounds , on Pennsylvania Avenue . Inside , pack with electronics . the guard sit hunch over a monitor system that show dozen of traffic camera feed from the street around the complex . gate guard hummingbird , this be Castle Ground , you be clear . int . white house situation room - night low light . two dress marine sit in the outer office . a navy radar tech watch he screen sweep for nearby air traffic . radar tech hummingbird , this be Castle Sky , you be clear . ext . white house roof - night High atop the famous column central building , a black clad sniper team scan the night sky with they rifle -scope , check surround building for movement . lead sniper hummingbird , this be Castle keep , you be - hold . through he nightscope - we see movement on the eighth floor balcony of a building a half mile away . he frown . enhances magnification . the suspicious behavior come into focus ... a couple have sex on they balcony . the lead sniper grin . lead sniper ( cont 'd ) hummingbird , this be Castle keep , you be clear . the column of helicopter swoops in , circle the South lawn . the lead chopper pull a slow turn , come in for a landing . a pair of marine in dress blue come out to meet it . the door do not open . the chopper sit there for a good twenty second as the sniper continue to scan . then : finnerty ( 0.s. ) ( through radio ) Castle keep ? lead sniper nothing . finnerty ( 0.s. ) ( through radio ) all right , decoy up , Marine one in . the chopper on the ground rise up and the second helicopter - the real Marine one - swoops in for a landing on ext . white house south lawn - night the marine open the door and President sawyer step off the bird , flanke by finnerty , Dawson , and aide . sawyer snap the Marines a salute as they head for the White House . president sawyer it 's really not a bad way to travel , be it ? finnerty it beat Dupont Circle , sir . president sawyer when 's my wife back ? finnerty not until tonight . president sawyer I be gonna get some shut -eye . wake I if we need to attack anything . in front of he , more Marines hold open the door to the West colonnade . as the President pass they , walk inside : marine guard welcome home , sir . finnerty look back at Marine one as it lift off the South lawn . a incredible sight . grigg smile next to she . agent grigg tell I we do not have the best job in the world . CUT to : ext . suburban house - night two other secret service Agents stand a very different detail . guarding a break down row house in georgetown . the first be handsome , close cropped hair . this be JOHN cale ( 30' ) . a horrible coughing come from inside . wheezy and phlegmy , like a grow man try to hack up a furball . raphelson ( 0.s. ) oh , God ... the cough resume . awful . the agent wince . then : raphelson ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be there any kleenex out there ? int . suburban house - night clutch a box of kleenex , cale rap on the bathroom door . it open and eli raphelson ( 70 ) stick he head out . clad in a ratty bathrobe , still wheeze . raphelson thank you , John . when I be do in here , I will make you some coffee . cale I be fine , Mr. speaker - raphelson I insist . int . raphelson's kitchen - night raphelson stand at the stove , mixing what look to be the world 's worst cup of instant coffee . a tv tune to CNN replay the President 's geneva speech : presdient sawyer ( on tv ) ...- there be that who will say we be foolish , that who treat every opportunity for peace as a show of weakness . to they I say I have find a friend in President Al - Said . and together , we will prove that the pen truly be mightier than the sword . applause mix with boo . raphelson add way too much cream to the coffee . look to cale . raphelson what do you think of all this ? cale I do not know , sir . it 's good to have less enemy . raphelson all he 's do be legitimize they . geopolitics be chess , not checker ; you have to see the whole board . the President be very naive sometimes . cale why do not you run against he ? raphelson because that be the one job I never want . I like my constituent , I like be a thorn in the side of the administration . not all of we be look to move up . ( more ) raphelson ( cont 'd ) ( casual ) you have you interview today ? cale look at he , surprised . raphelson ( cont 'd ) I know you want to be on the President 's detail . be you not pleased with you life of excitement and adventure here ? cale Sir , I - I appreciate everything you have do for I , but - raphelson it 's all right , son . it 's good to have ambition . I will be sorry to see you go be all . this may not be the White House , but there 's coffee . he slide a mug over to cale . cale take a sip . awful . hide it well . he like the old guy . raphelson nod , happy . raphelson ( cont 'd ) I be gonna get a shower . ext . raphelson's house - dawn now in a suit , raphelson climb behind the wheel of he batter Toyota camry and fire it up . cale slide into the suv idling behind he - the follow car . into he wrist : cale pinball be roll , we be enroute to punchbowl . as they roll out after raphelson , we pan around to see they destination in the distance , what " punchbowl " really be the U.S. capitol dome . silhouett against the rise sun ... int . darkened bedroom - dawn McLean , Virginia . a alarm clock wail . the lone figure wake . this be martin bishop ( late 50' ) . fit , trim . he sit a moment . alone in a house for two . then rise . a series of quick cut - Bishop shower , shave . pull on pants , a button down shirt . select a tie . withdraws a glock . check the load . strap it into he shoulder holster . a small silver cross hang from he mirror . he take it . slip it around he neck . look at himself . he stand there for a long time . Bishop take the cross off . hang it back on the mirror . pull on he suit coat and be out the door . ext . capitol build - dawn cale and dunleavy shadow a briskly walk raphelson as he climb the famous step . cale , scan passersby for any sign of potential threat . everything okay until he spy a long haire fidgety guy . he keep scratch he beard and eyeing the speaker . cale , about to say something when the fidgety guy suddenly reach into he coat and -- time slow down . cale pivot to block raphelson , he own hand drift to the holster on he hip , about to pull , but fidgety guy 's faster and he gun hand emerge brandish a banana . fidgety guy 's breakfast . cale exhales . dunleavy you okay there , tex ? too much coffee ? cale do not respond . they head up the step and inside . int . capitol build - morning raphelson walk the hall , say hello to various congressman as they arrive for work . stepping into a big office where agent kellerman and bright stand guard . cale step up . cale he watch Jeopardy , go to bed to at 8:00 , get up to pee twice , and be still have that allergy thing . we need to start keep kleenex in the downstairs bathroom . he 's all yours . agent kellerman I will try not to die of excitement . cale smile . head down the hall to a even bigger office ... int . office of the vice president - morning hustle and bustle . a assistant sit at the front desk , roll call . jenna ( 30' ) , sweet and flirty . jenna Office of the vice President . hold please . she see cale and flash he she best smile . cale do you get they ? jenna what do I get if I do ? cale what do you want ? jenna dinner , candlelight , and a sincere promise that you will try to get to second base . cale done . she hand he a envelope and a card with she phone number on it . cale look inside the envelope . cale ( cont 'd ) she 's gonna love this , Jenna . thanks ! he kiss she on the cheek and be out the door ... int . rundown apartment - morning Emily sit at the kitchen table , sullenly pick at she cereal . her mother melanie ( 30' , hard ) , mix vodka from the freezer in with she morning oj . the former Mrs. cale . a knock on the door . Melanie open it . cale . melanie you be late . she think you be not come . cale of course I be come . Emily , get you stuff . Emily grab she bag and head out the door . as she pass cale he try to kiss she on the forehead , but she dodge . Melanie smile at this . a small victory for she side . 10 . melanie you miss she talent show . cale when be she talent show ? melanie Thursday . cale what do she do ? melanie she be a flag twirler . cale that 's a talent ? melanie she practice for like six week and she own father can not be bother to show up ... int . cale' car - morning Emily , sit in the car , listen to she parent fight . Old news . she slip on she headphone ... int . rundown apartment - morning cale nod to the vodka bottle . cale get a early start , I see . melanie why not ? it 's my day off . cale have a retort , but swallow it . instead : cale listen , I want to talk about custody - melanie I be sure you do . that way you do not have to cut I that check every month - cale you really think this be about the check , mel ? 11 . he stare at she drink . she shift she weight from one foot to the other , then shake she head and chuckle . melanie Jesus , John . she do not even like you . that land . hard . cale you have a good day . int . cale' car - morning cale get into the driver 's seat . Emily listen to music , check the drudge report on she phone . cale look at she . cale you piss at I ? she do not even look up at he . Hell hath no fury . cale ( cont 'd ) you gonna be on that thing all day ? she 's texting now . after a moment , cale 's own phone chime . he check it . text from Emily - yes . cale ( cont 'd ) I be so glad I get you that phone . ( sigh ) well , I guess you will not be want this then ... he put the envelope from Jenna on the dash . a beat . emily lame . cale you do not even know what it be . emily do you really think that 's go to work ? we be both adult here , John . cale speak for yourself . open the envelope . emily what be it ? 12 . cale a pony . just open it . dubious , Emily open the envelope . her face light up . emily be you serious ? I do not think they even give White House tour anymore ! cale they do not . it 's a six month wait list unless you know people . I think a budd policy wonk like you might want to see where the most powerful man in the world life . she look up at he . genuinely happy . emily this be really cool , John . cale ( start the car ) we be really stick with the John thing , huh ? as Emily nod , they pull out into traffic ... int . cale' car ( moving ) - morning cale drive as Emily surf she phone . cale listen , when we get there I have to go to a quick meeting , okay ? then we can go on the tour . emily ( read off she phone ) do you know that 1.5 million people visit the White House every year ? cale I do not . emily that work out to about 5000 people a day . cale fascinating . ( more ) 13 . cale ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) I be sorry I miss you talent show . emily I be not . do you know the White House be originally call the presidential Palace ? cale I be serious . I wish I would be there . emily no you , do not . all I do be twirl a flag , it be stupid . cale look at she . cale you do not have to do that , you know . emily what ? cale have a thick skin . you be ten . Emily do not respond . a beat . cale ( cont 'd ) do you really think I be not come ? but Emily 's not look at he , she 's look at ... emily oh , wow ... the white house . approach from the South side , with the fountain blast . enough to take Emily 's breath away . cale smile at she reaction , drive up to ext . white house guard house - morning cale pull up to the massive guard gate . the Officer in charge lean out of the structure . gate guard Morning folk ! gonna need some photo id ! cale hand it over . instantly two other guard appear from nowhere , each hold long mirror at the end of pole . 14 . they sweep the bottom of the car for explosive . one guard check the trunk while the other root through the back seat . Emily take a picture of he with she phone . emily what be you guy look for ? gate guard 2 explosive . emily this be awesome . gate guard ( hand id 's back ) Park up on the leave and you be go to the East lobby . have a good one . cale drive on . ext . white house parking lot - morning cale pull to a halt next to a park soundtek van . a huge man with a shave head be pull a large speaker box out of the back onto a dolly . cale , watch he ... emily do you know the President travel in a eight ton military armored modify cadillac cts , build to withstand gas , chemical , and missile attack ? cale that 's on the internet ? emily Wikipedia . you guy be do a bang - up job with the secrecy thing . int . white house - east lobby - morning honey wood panell . a guard desk to the right , by set of metal detector . Beyond , two more security checkpoint . X - ray , body scan , bag search , facial rec . serious stuff . on the wall hang presidential portrait . Roosevelt . eisenhower . they live here . Emily stare at they as cale load they stuff into the x-ray machine . 15 . security officer welcome to the White House ! we be go to take you through three level of security today . first , I be go to need to empty you pocket - all metal object in the tray please . cell phone and camera be permit on the premise , but need to be examine by the agent first ! overalled workmen lay tool on the x-ray belt . photo id 's check against internet record . cale , to the officer : cale I be secret service , off duty , I be carry . security officer you be go to have to check you weapon , sir . the officer produce a lockbox . cale unholster he Glock and place it inside . the officer lock it and hand it to a agent . as cale and Emily continue through security ... camera follows the agent carry the lockbox , as he take it down into the bowel of the White House . down a int . white house - east wing - back staircase - morning concrete stair , dimly light . past another agent into int . white house - east wing basement - morning a dark carpete hallway . down the corridor , round a corner ... int . white house armory - morning a weapon cage . the armory master look up briefly as the agent log in cale 's lockbox . Pan off this to the countless assault rifle and shotguns lock behind steel mesh ... int . back office - morning cale and Emily sit , wait . awkward silence again . Emily on she phone , surfing . after a beat : cale how 's school ? emily School blow . 16 . cale I be glad we can have this talk . the outer office door open and finnerty enter . cale ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to Emily ) do I a favor , for the next twenty second pretend you do not hate I . finnerty John cale ? I be Carol finnerty , I run the President 's detail . cale ( vise ) this be my daughter Emily . emily my father be a very special man . finnerty that 's ... good to know . if you will follow I ? int . finnerty's office - morning finnerty settles in behind she desk as cale take a seat . finnerty you often bring small child to job interview ? cale diversionary tactic . while I be in here , she 's out there steal everything that 's not nail down . ( no response ) sorry , that be a joke . finnerty all evidence to the contrary . cale sorry ? finnerty Mr. cale , I be go on seventeen hour of no sleep , so let 's just get through this , okay ? she open the file sit in front of she and read . she look 17 . finnerty ( cont 'd ) John cale , bear 1983 , Columbus , Ohio , public school , track and field , and then one single solitary semester at San Diego State University . married you childhood sweetheart five month later , bounce from job to job . mechanic , limo driver , construction - cale be my credit score in there too ? finnerty yes , and you should be ashamed of yourself . you finally land in the Army Reserve . enlist for the bonus . cale be that a crime ? finnerty we tend to prefer God and country to " in it for the paycheck " . do two tour in Afghanistan , be wounded in the kunar Province , receive the purple heart . a lance corporal Brian Dawson put you up for a Silver Star , but you do not receive it . cale it 's a honor just to be nominate . finnerty you pull corporal Dawson from a burn humvee . why ? cale I be somewhat concerned he be get too warm in there . at he . finnerty it 's funny to I that you think glib be the way to go here . cale there be a ied attack , the humvee flip , and we be take fire . everyone else bolt , I grab he . 18 . finnerty why ? cale because we do not leave man behind . ( pause ) and he owed I money . finnerty corporal Dawson happen to be the nephew of the speaker of the House . and when you be discharge from the Army , the speaker urge you to go into the secret service . cale he be kind enough to recommend I for a job . finnerty you be on the speaker 's detail now . he do you a favor . cale you could say that . finnerty I do . why do you want to be on the President 's detail ? cale nothing against the speaker , but no one 's ever go to take a shot at he . this be the big league . she study he . finnerty look , I appreciate you service , but this be clearly the record of a man who 's sly by mostly on look , charm , and favor - cale mostly on the look , actually - finnerty - and as you say , this be the big league . 19 . cale I know I have bounce around , but this be something I can do . give yourself up for something great than you ... that 's what I need . finnerty I be sorry , but the secret service be not somewhere to find yourself . thanks for come in . she rise and offer she hand . cale blink . surprise it 's over . rise too . shake and turn to the door . int . back office - morning Emily look up as cale emerge . emily how would it go ? cale 's face say it all ... int . white house - ground floor - west lobby - morning finnerty stride through the lobby , pass the photo Office and homeland Security . keycard through another door into int . office of secret service - morning the on-site security hub of the White House . 40 odd agent , some in uniform , some in suit and tie , stand , drink coffee , talk with each other . shift change come up , but before that , the morning briefing . finnerty slide into the back of the room as martin bishop walk to the front . head of the secret service . the boss . bishop all right , listen up . first and most importantly , who owe I money on the wizard ? grumbling throughout the agent , some come forward and hand he cash . bishop ( cont 'd ) that 's right . thank you . I hope you have all learn a valuable lesson here . okay , light day . ( more ) 20 . bishop ( cont 'd ) Eagle be not leave the Castle . phone call with the leadership stare at nine , photo spray with the Duke woman 's lacrosse team at noon , lunch with the vice President , and then the first Lady be back tonight . Ted ? agent ted hope ( 40' ) , prematurely bald speak up . agent hope Empress be wheel down at 18:45 . they be suppose to have dinner of the residence but ... he spread he hand - " you know how they be " . bishop assume they call a audible on go out , we need to have advance on dino , obelisk , and marcel 's . agent hope what if she want sushi ? from the back of the room , finnerty speak up : finnerty no , she 's off sushi , she have that thing on the Japan trip . bishop Jesus , Carol , how be you still awake ? finnerty five hour Energy drink and patriotism , sir . bishop you have a threat matrix for we ? finnerty homeland say a guy they be sit on in Toronto go miss 36 hour ago , they think he might have cross . bishop this guy a lone nut or well finance horseman of the apocalypse ? 21 . finnerty College student with a blog , think the wto cause 9/11 . bishop he 's onto we . okay , distribute the photo . Visitors today ? agent hope we have Representatives fiske , Holden , rafferty , and Senators Simon and truesdale come in for a budget meeting at 15:00 , plus soundtek be here again today . finnerty soundtek ? agent hope AV guy , they be replace the surround system in the movie theater . Eagle want it ready for football on Sunday . from all account , they be tooth rattlingly loud . finnerty the first Lady should be thrilled . bishop all right , that 's game . grab a order of the Day and let 's get to work . the Agents grab top -sheet from a stack by the coffee . as they file out finnerty approach Bishop . bishop ( cont 'd ) for the love of all that be holy , go get some sleep . finnerty I be go . ( as he watch the Agents file out ) you know you be go to miss this . bishop I be not , actually . finnerty I can tell when you be lie , you know . we be gonna miss you , too . 22 . Bishop smile at she . a little sad . bishop all that time in Switzerland , it would have kill you to bring muriel back a cuckoo clock ? finnerty on you desk . ( she turn to go ) twenty buck say they pick marcel 's tonight . bishop I would not bet against you . Bishop , watch she go . something eat at he ... int . white house - east lobby - morning cale and Emily stand with a tour group of ten . at the front stand donnie the tour guide ( 40' ) . Way too chipper . donnie the guide I be donnie and I be go to be you guide today as we take a walk through american History ! first I want to give you a big Washington DC welcome to the White House , where we get million of guest a year from all corner of the globe ! ( to cale ) where be you folk from ? cale Washington DC . donnie the guide okay , bad choice . ( to a fat woman ) how about you , mar 'am ? fat woman I be from North Carolina . donnie the guide and what bring you to the White House today ? fat woman I wanna see the tunnel where JFK snuck Marilyn Monroe in . 23 . donnie the guide unfortunately , that do not exist . ( the fat woman be crestfallen ) but we do have some other really exciting sight to show you ! if you will follow I ? int . white house - east wing - garden room - day a beautiful solarium with a corner window look out onto the South lawn of the White House . Bright and sunny . as donnie talk he lead they through . donnie the guide do anyone want to guess how old the White House be ? ( see Emily raise she hand ) Young lady ? emily 221 year old . donnie the guide that 's ... very accurate . construction be begin in 1792 on what be then call the President 's House . article one , section eight of the US constitution set forth that a district of not more than ten mile square should house the new seat of government . do anyone know why ? emily so no one state could claim the President 's House . donnie the guide right again . the founder be crafty . they figure if the President live in one state then he would be beholden to that state above all other . but if he live in a district separate from all of they , then he and he government could serve all the United States equally and fairly . in many way , the entire city of Washington , the whole District of Columbia , be build from the ground up in order to hold this one house . 24 . as they step into int . white house - east colonnade - morning a long white corridor with a red brick floor wall of window look out to the South lawn . donnie the guide the White House be actually three building ; the East wing , where you come in , the West wing , which house the oval and executive office of the President , and the residence , which be the big famous building in the center . this three building be connect by two long hallway call colonnade ; we're in the East colonnade right now . the colonnade be originally build by Thomas jefferson to house horse , but now function to connect the complex together . and trust I , it need connect - the White House be big . include below ground level , the White House be six storey tall , with 132 room , 412 door , 147 window , 28 fireplace , 8 staircase , 3 elevator and 35 bathroom . the grounds contain a tennis court , a basketball court , a put green , a jogging track , and a swim pool . they pass a open door , hearing hammer and drilling . fat woman what 's in there ? donnie the guide the President 's home theater . ( smile ) membership have it 's privilege . cale glance inside , as seven burly soundtek workmen drill hole into the wall of the theater ... int . white house - west wing corridor - morning another part of the building . president sawyer sweep down the hallway , the Chief of staff and Bishop at he side . walk through a open door into 25 . int . oval office - outer office - morning the president's assistant sit at three desk and the door to the oval proper be guard by a dress marine hold a m - 16 . to the Marine : president sawyer Morning , Kenny . dress marine Morning , sir . president sawyer the New York Times call my treaty a boondoggle this morning . you read the New York Times , Kenny ? dress marine I be more of a Daily News man , sir . president sawyer Bill , we need to talk to the Secretary of the navy about get Kenny a raise . Margaret , can you get I the speaker of the House please ? I sense a lecture in my future ... as the President step into the oval Office itself ... int . white house - visitors ' foyer - morning cale , Emily , and the rest of the tour exit the colonnade into the visitor 's foyer as donnie continue . donnie the guide besides be a national landmark , the White House also happen to be a technological marvel . underneath the West wing be the situation room , the most sophisticated military command center in the history of warfare . and underneath the East wing be the peoc or presidential emergency Operations Center , the single most secure room on the planet . it 's a vault build behind ten foot of concrete and steel capable of survive a thermonuclear blast and equip so the President and he staff could run the country from inside for six month without leave . cale so where 's the bowl alley ? donnie the guide ( completely serious ) next to the vault . ext . white house guard house - morning 26 . finnerty , leave the complex on foot . the kindly old Gate Guard smile at she as she go . gate guard see you tomorrow , Carol ! finnerty turn west onto Pennsylvania Avenue ... int . white house - CENTER hall - ground floor - morning a long hallway with dramatically vault arched ceiling that run length of the residence Building . donnie the guide we be now enter the Center Hall of the residence . the President and first Lady live on the second and third floor , the Ground floor and State floor be dedicated to public room . to you leave be the Library and to you right be the vermeil room , which house the portrait of several of the most prominent first Lady 's who have live here . picture be actually permit , so snap away . Emily go to take picture of the vermeil room . how happy she be . attractive woman your ? cale Nah , I find she sulk around outside , think if I bring she it would make I look smart . cale watch the woman smile . cute . maybe the day be not a total loss . she see one of the painting on the wall . one of a blacken White House . donnie come over . 27. donnie the guide watercolor by George munger . it 's to commemorate the burn of the White House by the british in 1814 . cale the White House burn down ? donnie the guide in the war of 1812 . it practically have to be rebuilt from the ground up . a tug on cale 's arm . emily I think I need to avail myself of one of the 35 bathroom in here . donnie the guide there 's a lady room upstairs , but I can not take the tour up there for another fifteen minute . cale I will take she . where ? emily I can go by myself , John . I be nota little girl . cale look at she . sigh . decide . cale okay , but do not touch anything , do not wander off , and do not talk to anyone you be not suppose to . emily I make no promise . she go . cale step into the vermeil room to look around ... int . capitol build - speaker' office - morning the speaker 's assistant poke she head in . speaker' assistant Mr. speaker , I have the President call for you . raphelson snatch up he phone . 28 . raphelson Mr. President ! I be impressed with all you treaty signing you find time for little old I ! intercut with the oval Office : president sawyer you do jewish mother 's guilt very well , eli . raphelson I just find it interesting that you would announce the signing of a major treaty with a swear enemy of we country before , you know , mention it to anyone in Congress . president sawyer it 's the right thing to do , eli . we be never gonna get a better chance at progress with Iran than right now . raphelson which would be wonderful if I do not just have to take you word for it ... we pan out of the office and into the hall ... int . capitol build corridor - morning ... where we pick up the fidgety guy from earlier walk past . move with purpose . on he way to int . capitol dome - morning the corridor open into the enormous room beneath the fame capitol rotunda . sunlight stream in . various statue . lincoln . Martin luther King . tourist snap photo . the fidgety man stop in front of one particular bronze statue . look at the name on the base . George Washington . the fidgety man check he watch . it be 9:17 a.m . the man lean down and begin to untie he shoe . then he remove they . place they carefully on the floor . then he sock . a guard notice . this guy be undress . 29 . capitol security guard uh , sir ? the man be now unbuttone he shirt . muttering to himself . capitol security guard ( cont 'd ) Sir , you can not do that - the Guard stop . the man have unbuttone he shirt . he be wear a vest of plastic explosive beneath it . the Guard stare at he , numb . the fidgety man raise he hand . detonator in it . exhales . they eye meet ... and then the air be fill with fire . int . capitol build - speaker' office - morning a muffle whoomp ! the whole building rock . raphelson be throw sideways against he desk , still clutching the phone . raphelson Jesus ! president sawyer ( through phone ) eli , be you all right ? raphelson I be fine , I - sir , I think there may have be a explosion here - he open he door to the outer office - chaos . Glass and debris everywhere . smoke pour in from the hallway ... raphelson ( cont 'd ) oh , God . ext . pennsylvania avenue - morning finnerty hear the explosion before she see it . car alarm go off . in the distance - smoke be rise from the Capitol rotunda . finnerty begin to run towards it ... int . white house - oval office - morning president sawyer ( into phone ) eli ? Bishop get information from he earpiece : 30. bishop Mr. President , there 's be a explosion at that Capitol , you need to hang up the phone . president sawyer what ? bishop ( into wrist ) we be crash the White House , repeat , the White House be crash . Bishop take the phone from sawyer and hang it up as the door open and three agent with shotguns suddenly come into the room . the dress marine behind he , wield he m - 16 . the Marine bolt the door to the oval Office as a klaxon sound throughout the complex ... int . white house - vermeil room - morning cale look up at the siren as a secret service agent step into the room , block the exit . secret service agent everybody please stay where you be . we be briefly restricting movement through the facility , should not be more than a few minute - cale ( try to move past ) my daughter 's upstairs - secret service agent I be sorry , sir , no one move until they lift the crash . cale I be a agent on the speaker 's detail - secret service agent then you understand the protocol - nobody move . cale stare at he . a couple from Tennessee snap he picture . this be very exciting . 31 . int . capitol build - speaker' office - morning raphelson hang up the phone and look to he secret service agent , who 's talk on he own phone . agent kellerman the White House be crash , sir ! raphelson where 's the vice President ? agent kellerman in he office , I think - raphelson ( to he Assistant ) get he on the phone , tell he he need to institute Continuity of government - speaker' assistant what 's - raphelson in the event of a attack , all principal in the line of succession be move to secondary location and a new communication band be put online - speaker' assistant I have the vice President 's Office , sir ! ( listen ; then ) he can not come to the phone , he be cut by some glass . raphelson Glass ? tell he he need to institute cog - another explosion throw they sideways . agent kellerman look out the window . agent kellerman Jesus Christ , the building 's on fire ... int . white house - presidential theater - morning a young secret service agent stand in the doorway to the theater among the soundtek Workmen , enforce the crash . 32 . young agent do not worry , they do drill like this every other week . ( smile ) picked the wrong day to come to work here , huh ? the man with the shave head , stenz , smile back . not nice . stenz guess so . and he raise a nail gun and bury three bolt into the agent 's chest ! the other move fast , professional . they strip the man of he weapon and hand the gun to stenz . synce they watch -- stenz ( cont 'd ) armory , sixty second , go ! -- and they spring out of the theater into int . white house - east colonnade - morning running full tilt for the East lobby . the Security Officer at the end of the colonnade look up . security officer we be in a crash , you can not - blam-blam ! stenz shoot he twice in the head ! his partner raise he walkie to he lip , scream : security officer 2 Shots fire ! code Black , code - blam ! he go down too as stenz 's right hand man humphries scoops they weapon and they kick through the side door to the back stair ... int . white house - women' bathroom - morning Emily look up at the shot ... int . white house - vermeil room - morning cale automatically reach for he hip to find he holster empty . the agent with cale 's tour shouting into he wrist : secret service agent repeat , please repeat ! 33 . cale ( incredulous ) he say shot fire , it 's a aop ! he move for the door but the agent draw he weapon . secret service agent stay back ! cale goddammit , you need to get out there ! int . white house - armory - morning the armory master pull a shotgun from the wall and rack it , spin just in time for the door to be kick open ! stenz come in low , fire three round into the armory master 's leg ! the man crumple . humphry heft the arc - welder and go to work on the cage door . SPARKS fly . stenz thirty second ! int . white house - vermeil room - morning secret service agent I have to wait for order ! we do not know what 's happen - more gunfire from upstairs . the agent turn , distract -- and suddenly cale be move , bring he fist up and take the agent down with a right cross ! grab the agent 's gun . check the magazine , look to donnie : cale my daughter , where would you send she ? donnie upstair , across the Hall second door on the leave - cale stay here ! he bolt from the room ... int . white house armory - morning the armory cage door clank the ground , and stenz's team pour into the armory . 34 . Quick cut of they load up - m - 16' , mp - 5's , shotgun , flash grenade ... stenz position in two minute , go ! int . white house - east stairwell - morning cale , bound up the stair two at a time ... int . capitol build - speaker' office - morning agent kellerman look to raphelson as he hear the news : agent kellerman we have gunfire in the White House , sir ! raphelson scoops up the phone and dial . into it : raphelson this be speaker of the House eli raphelson , on behalf of the President of the United States I be institute Continuity of government ... ext . andrews AIR force base - morning a bright shiny day . rotors spin up . the navy pilot toss he pre-flight check and yank back on the stick as marine one rise into the air ... int . white house - oval office - morning agent hope look up to Bishop and the President . agent hope Marine one be three minute out - bishop no , we have to get he to the peoc ! agent hope they be in the damn building , we need to exfil - bishop Mr. President , we do not know if they have surface to air missile capability , they could blow we out ( more ) 35 . bishop ( cont 'd ) of the sky ! we get you to the vault and they game be over ! President sawyer stare at for he a moment , then give he a nod . the agent rack they shotgun . Bishop check he Glock , safety off . like a posse head out for the ok corral . bishop ( cont 'd ) all right everyone - stay low , stay close , shoot first , get it ? on I ! he kick the oval Office door open and he and he team plunge out into the West wing corridor ... int . white house - state floor - CENTER hall - morning a stampede of people pour out the Main entrance onto the North portico . cale reach the top of the stair , push through they , scan they face for he daughter . cale Emily ! Emily ! he spy the bathroom door . shoulder through it ... int . women' bathroom - morning cale burst in . no one . check the stall . nothing . she must have run . shit . he barrel back out -- int . white house - CENTER hall - morning cale push out the door when -- machine gunfire nearly take he head off ! one of stenz 's man on the far side of the hall ! the rest of the onlooker scream and scatter as cale dive back inside ! int . women' bathroom - morning cale duck to the floor as bullet punch through the bathroom ! ripping through the tile , splintering the porcelain ! Water spray from bust pipe in the sink . slowly the ruin door be kick open and stenz 's man ritter enter , hold a mp - 5 . cale cower on the floor . cale please , please do not kill I ! I be just with the tour ! 36 . ritter you have a gun . cale I do not ! I do not have a gun ! please , I have a daughter , I - he raise the gun and shoot ritter twice in the chest ! ritter pitch forward , pull the trigger on he machine gun as he die , and cale manage to roll away through the bloody water as sink and mirror explode ! cale ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! cale scoops up ritter 's rifle and stumble for the door ... int . white house - west wing corridor - morning Bishop and he team hustle the President through the West wing office , scream : bishop move , move , make a hole ! people dive out of the way as they come . pass secretaries wiping hard drive , pour water on keyboard , in some case take FIRE axe to they computer in attempt to data-dump ... ext . white house - guard house - morning the Gate Guard , on the phone with the police as visitor pour out of the building across the South lawn . gate guard ( into phone ) no , send all available unit now ! the click of pistol cock behind he . he turn . stenz , hold the Glock to he head . stenz one chance . open the gate . gate guard I can not - blam ! stenz step over the man 's body and key in the code . the huge iron gate rumble open and 37 . two semi -truck haul trailer rumble through the gate and up the South drive ... ext . white house roof - morning the sniper team see the truck roll up the drive . sighting the lead driver , tapping he throat- mic : lead sniper this be Castle keep , we have a breach at the North entrance - the roof door bang open behind he and they turn -- as stenz 's man mulcahy burst through , open fire , obliterating the White House sniper team in a hail of bullet ! ext . white house - NORTH portico - morning the truck rumble up the North drive unimpeded and pull toa halt in front of the North portico . the driver leap out and open up the back of the trailer where dozen of heavily armed mercenary in body armor pour out and swarm up the step and into the White House ... behind they , a lone thin man in glass step out of the truck . suck on a inhaler and survey the scene ... int . capitol build - speaker' office - morning agent kellerman there 's a firefight on the roof of the White House and the North entrance have be breach ! raphelson Holy God ... speaker' assistant ( hang up phone ) Mr. speaker , we have to go ! the Capitol rotunda 's on fire ! off raphelson 's look of disbelief ... ext . pennsylvania avenue - morning finnerty sprinting flat-out . holding she phone to she ear . ahead of she we see the unthinkable -- 38 . the capitol dome be engulfed in flame . window explode outward from the heat of the inferno within . finnerty ( into phone ) do you have the vice President ? ext . capitol build - morning agent marcus graham ( 30' ) on the other end , as he hustle Jenna and vice president alvin hammond ( 60' ) into a wait suv . intercut : agent graham we be put he in the car now ! finnerty you do not stop for red light , for police , and if something get in you way , you drive through it ! agent graham be the President dead ? finnerty take a breath . finnerty we do not have he 20 ! Graham turn to the Driver . agent graham go! int . white house - CENTER hall - ground floor Bishop and he team race the President through the now mostly empty Center Hall of the residence . bishop ( into radio ) Eagle be thirty second from the vault , we be come in hot ! int . white house - presidential emergency operation CENTER the vault - the most secure room in the world . a ridiculously hi-tech room two floor below the East wing . chrome , glass , and lcd screen . the watch Commander on the hard - line to Bishop : 39 . watch commander Sir , we cannot open the door without authentication - int . white house - CENTER hall - ground floor - day as they run -- bishop we be under attack , goddammit , open the door ! watch commander ( 0.s. ) ( through radio ) you know the rule , we need voice and retinal authentication from the President ! cale , come down the stair , see the President 's team ... cale hey ! the marine turn , see a cale hefting the machine gun . he open up with he m - 16 ! cale dive across the hall into the china room as four generation of White House China be obliterate around he ! cale ( cont 'd ) goddammit , I be on you side ! but the President 's already go , down the East colonnade ... ext . marine one ( flying ) - morning come up on DC , smoke from the Capitol rise into the sky ... marine one pilot Holy shit ... int . white house - east wing - basement level Bishop and team hustle the President out of the back stair ... bishop they be right behind we , open the vault ! around a corner , come up on the huge vault door ... 40 . watch commander ( 0.s. ) we still need authentication - president sawyer ( grab the radio ) open the goddamn door , Commander ! int . white house - presidential emergency operation CENTER the Commander and he Lieutenant exchange a look . definitely the President . the man turn they key together and ... int . white house - east wing - basement level - morning we hear huge tumblers move . as they clunk into place , the three foot thick steel door rumble open revealing the p.e.o.c . Bishop stare at it , as the other rush past he inside . hope look at he , strangely . agent hope we need to seal the vault ! bishop I be sorry , Ted . and then Bishop raise he sig - sauer and shoot he friend in the chest ! Holy shit ! the other two Agents and the Marine raise they weapon , but Bishop have the drop on they and take they out too ! kill the watch Commander and he Lieutenant as well ! swing he gun back around to the President when -- bullet rip into the wall just above Bishop 's head ! cale ( 0.s. ) run , Mr. President ! cale at the end of the hall , mp - 5 blaze ! give the President cover fire ! sawyer book down the hall to he ! cale grab he wrist and drag he around a corner . cale ( cont 'd ) come on ! as they run : president sawyer who be you ? 41 . cale do not worry , I be secret service , you be safe - - oh shit ! as stenz emerge from the stairwell and open FIRE ! cale yank sawyer back the way they come ! cale ( cont 'd ) Elevator ! president sawyer what ?! cale where 's a elevator ? the President pull cale into a nook where a elevator door sit . stab the button relentlessly . Bishop come down one side of the hallway , stenz the other . box in ... the elevator open and -- cale and sawyer leap in , stabbing the door close button as stenz sprint towards they , fire ... the door slide shut . stenz shit ! bishop it only go up one floor ! Bishop and stenz sprint back down the corridor to int . white house - east wing - back staircase - morning take the stair two at a time and we track with they run as they burst out into int . white house - east lobby - morning running flat out to the elevator door , weapon up ... they stop . Doors do not open . Bishop put he ear to the door . bishop they be go back down ! still tracking with they as they haul ass back to the int . white house - east wing - basement level - morning Bishop and stenz , book back to the elevator ... 42 . too late . the elevator door be open , the car empty . cale and the President be go . stenz punch the wall . stenz shit ! bishop it do not matter . ( off he look ) he get we into the peoc , that 's what count . button up the building and send out patrol , we will find he . as long as we fortify in the next five minute they will not be able to get in here - cut off by the sound of a chopper approach ... stenz what 's that ? bishop Marine one. ( into radio ) mulachy ? ext . white house roof - morning mulachy , drilling the last section of the base of a .50 cal cannon into the roof . the rotor blade grow louder ... mulachy ( into radio ) we be on it ! mulachy grin and move behind the trigger of the .50 Cal ... ext . marine one ( flying ) - morning come in low over Pennsylvania Avenue , only fifty foot above the deck . we hear they radio chatter : marine one pilot ( 0.s. ) Castle , this be Marine one , we be come in for exfil on the South lawn , come in now , over ! no response . marine one pilot ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Castle , I say again we - 43 . as .50 cal tracers streak from the mulachy 's roof cannon , tattooing the side of the presidential helicopter ! marine one pilot ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) break leave , break leave ! the chopper scream high and to the leave as bullet zang off it 's armored body ! marine one pilot ( cont 'd ) this be Marine one , we be take fire from Castle , repeat , we be take fire from Castle ! smoke pour from the helicopter as it soar high above the ext . white house - morning in all it 's glory below . now occupy by new resident . marine one pilot ( 0.s. ) Castle have fall , repeat , Castle have fall . the White House be down . ext . capitol build - morning finnerty sprint the last half - block to the ruin Capitol , dodging fire truck , still on the phone with Graham . finnerty where be you ? int . vice president's suv ( moving ) - morning siren scream , the vice president's motorcade be fly through Washington surface street at 70 mph ! Graham have to shout to be hear : agent graham we be two mile away from andrew , the vice President be secure ! ext . capitol build - morning agent kellerman ( 0.s. ) Carol ! finnerty turn to see kellerman load speaker raphelson into a limousine . kellerman motion she over . agent kellerman ( cont 'd ) get in ! 44 , finnerty go and slide into the front seat of the car ... int . vice president's suv ( moving ) - morning finnerty ( 0.s. ) I be with the speaker , we be go to the secondary location ! agent kellerman ( into phone ) Roger that ! lead car driver ( 0.s. ) Sir , there 's a road blockage up ahead ! int . lead suv ( moving ) - morning the Driver grip the wheel of the lead car of the motorcade . five block up - a ambulance be stop across the intersection . light flash . lead car driver they be emergency vehicle ! agent graham ( 0.s. ) ( through radio ) agent , if they do not move , you drive through they ! four block away now ... lead car driver but , sir - agent graham ( 0.s. ) we may have already lose the President , this could be another attempt ! you do not stop ! Three block away . the Driver swallow . lead car driver Roger that . two block away . the Driver lean on the horn . he do not decrease speed . the ambulance stay where it be ... lead car driver ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) move , please move , please ... 45 . one block . he 's not move . the Driver grip the wheel and close he eye . for God and country ... ext . WASHINGTON street - morning wham ! the lead suv strike the ambulance do 70 ! both vehicle , rip and twisted by the impact , fly off the pavement sideways and smash into a storefront ! creating a hole in the intersection that the rest of the vice President 's motorcade roar through ! ext . andrews AIR force base - morning the security gate open as the motorcade tear through and out onto the tarmac . screech to a halt next to AIR force one gleaming in the sun . all polished up and ready to go . secret service leap out of the car , scan for threat . weapon out , Graham hustle the vice President up the gangway . agent graham move , sir , move ! int . AIR force one - morning Graham , the vice President Jenna and the rest scramble aboard the aircraft as we hear the engine power up . as they buckle in , over the intercom : captain dix ( 0.s. ) Mr. vice President , my name be Captain Leo dix and I apologize in advance , but this be gonna be the hardest take - off you have ever feel . we be go to put this bird at 30,000 foot in 15 second , so do not be alarmed if you lose consciousness - mikey , hit it . and the plane shoot forward at full throttle ! the passenger pin back in they seat as the engine roar and Air Force one take flight ... ext . andrews AIR force base - morning Air Force one climb up and away at a 55 degree angle from the ground , become a speck in second ... 46 . int . raphelson's motorcade ( moving ) - morning Roaring through the street of DC . CNN play on a small tv . we see a horrible sight - the capitol dome collapse inward on itself from the heat inside . flame rise from it . CNN newscaster ( v.o. ) oh , my God ... oh , my God , I do not have the word ... raphelson swallow . finnerty pull a pistol from she hip . check the load , offer it to raphelson . finnerty you know how to use one of this ? ( off he look ) we do not know where they might hit next and this country need need you alive , sir . take it . raphelson do . the limo take a hard right , head for ... ext . pentagon - morning establish . dozen of marine in full body armor with assault rifle guard the gate . military tank roll onto the lawn to establish a hard perimeter . raphelson 's motorcade roar through the gate into a int . pentagon - underground garage - morning the car pull to a halt and raphelson , finnerty , kellerman , and the rest spring out , head for the front door . raphelson we need the head of the faa to ground all air traffic over the Continental US and we need to close the border -- where 's the director of homeland Security ? speaker' assistant he be at the White House . raphelson who 's the Assistant director ? speaker' assistant wyck halsey . also at the White House . 47 . raphelson Jesus . finnerty I be on with agent Graham ! raphelson how be they do ? finnerty ( listen ; then ) the vp just puke on Air Force one . as the two Marines in front of they open the door wide ... colonel janowitz Mr. speaker , welcome to the Pentagon . I be Colonel janowitz , I will be take you down to the bunker . be this people with you ? raphelson yes , Colonel . colonel janowitz follow I . int . white house - CENTER hall - ground floor Emily peek around a corner to see a group of hostage herde into the Center Hall . some weep and cry . humphries and several mercenary stand guard . she back away when a hand grab she by the hair ! stenz . he drag she kick and scream out from she hide place ! emily get off I , asshole ! bishop ( 0.s. ) that 's not necessary . Bishop step out from the East wing . stenz deposit Emily with the other , glaring at she . Bishop address they . bishop ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , I apologize , but this will not take long . if you bear with we and do what we say , you will not be harme . ( more ) 48 . bishop ( cont 'd ) ( to humphry ) get a count , bring it to I . search all of they then move they to the situation room . any of my agent separate out , I do not want they cause dissent . humphries you want I to ... bishop I want you to tie they up and lock they in a closet and that 's all . when you be do I want patrol organize , we need to do a room to room search of the complex . humphries why , be we miss something ? stenz give he a look - not the time . humphry nod and he man begin the count . stenz where do you want to set up command ? bishop where do you think ? int . white house - west wing corridor - morning small fire be be extinguish by mercenary . Bishop and stenz stride through until they reach the oval office Bishop step inside . a moment . take it all in . bishop this will do . where 's Tyler ? stenz still get set up . Bishop grab a radio . into it : bishop Mr. Tyler , we have a time frame yet ? 49 , int . white house - p.e.o.c . - morning tyler , the man in glass from the truck , supervise several mercenary as they unpack huge crate of computer equipment and jack they in to the mainframe in the peoc . tyler ( into radio ) we be still plugging in power - bar down here , it 's gonna be a little bit . bishop ( 0.s. ) ( through radio ) call I when you have a timeline . Tyler put down the radio and take a seat at the central computer survey the room . he smile , deposit a jar of lollipop next to the keyboard , and begin type ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning Colonel janowitz swipe he keycard and lead raphelson and the other into the pentagon bunker , a bustling hi-tech emergency Command Center . raphelson what do we know ? colonel janowitz at 9:17 a.m. a explosive device be detonate in the Capitol . we now believe this to have be a diversion , allow a paramilitary team to seize control of the White House . they hold a unknown number of hostage , who may or may not include the President of the United States . we do not know they number , they capability , or they intention . raphelson so we know nothing . finnerty we know we be down one Capitol and one White House . raphelson shoot she a look . a lieutenant look up . 50 . lieuenenant gaine Sir , I have the vice President from Air Force one . raphelson Alvin , be you okay ? int . AIR force one - conference room ( flying ) - morning vice president alvin hammond ( 60' , grey ) stand with he chief aide wallace ( 30' , oily ) and several other . intercut : vice president hammond I be fine , we be just a little shake up . do we know what happen yet ? raphelson we be just get brief now . ( to Colonel janowitz ) who 's in command on the ground ? colonel janowitz permission to speak freely ? ( off he nod ) it 's a shitshow . DC police be on scene , but FBI be try to run it , plus secret service feel it should be they show since it be they building that get take . finnerty it be . ( into speaker ) Carol finnerty , secret service , sir . we need one single command structure here . vice president hammond what we need be to send in the Army to retake the White House . colonel janowitz you can not do that , sir . ( off they look ) posse comitatus make it illegal to deploy american troops on american soil . raphelson what about federalize the National Guard ? 51 . colonel janowitz go against a 200 year old law know as the insurrection Act , plus the vice President can not order it . vice president hammond why not ? raphelson ( get it ) because he 's the vice President . colonel janowitz you do not hold the power of the presidency , that be correct , sir . make no mistake , we be ina constitutional crisis - we have never lose a Chief executive before . if the President be dead , that would be one thing , but miss ? there 's no constitutional remedy for that . hammond 's young aide wallace speak up . wallace yes , there be . we need to talk about invoke the 25th amendment . finnerty you want to remove the President from power ? vice president hammond I do not want to do anything - colonel janowitz ( shaking he head ) there be some practical issue with that , sir - the 25th would require a majority of the cabinet to vote that President sawyer be unfit to hold office in absentia - something that a ) . they may not do , and b ) . May not be possible , consider we do not have eye on the secretaries of State , Energy , transportation , Education , and homeland Security . raphelson you be say a third of the President 's cabinet may be dead ? 52 . colonel janowitz that 's exactly what I be say , sir . wallace we should get a head count of who 's leave . raphelson Sir - vice president hammond we can not be hamstrung by legality , eli . Delta Force be out of North Carolina , correct ? colonel janowitz Fayetteville , yes , sir . vice president hammond how long would it take to get they to DC ? colonel janowitz we can have they on the ground here in forty minute . vice president hammond then do it . we be go to take back what 's ours . wallace nod to he , happy with this play . raphelson there 's another consideration ... vice president hammond which be ? raphelson we do not know what they want yet . wallace you want to negotiate with they ? raphelson I want to find out what they be after before we send a trident missile through the front door - finnerty we have call they , right ? they turn to look at she . colonel janowitz who ? finnerty whoever do this . we have try they on the phone by now , have not we ? 53 . janowitz 's look say it all . finnerty go and snatch up the nearest phone . colonel janowitz what be you do ? finnerty Calling the White House . int . west wing - basement corridor - morning the hostage be lead down the stair , through a low light carpete hallway to the situation room . Emily walk next to donnie the Tour guide , who be entrance . donnie wow ... emily what ? donnie they never let we in here on the tour . Emily stare at he . he 's have a ball ... int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop sit behind the President 's desk . stenz stenz hostage count be seventy - one . humphry have they secure in the sitroom . Bishop nod as he pick up he radio . bishop good. ( into radio ) Tyler , where be you ? come over . 54 . int . white house - p.e.o.c . - morning Tyler chew on a lollipop , hand fly over he keyboard . one of the other hold the radio to he mouth as he speak : tyler it 's get a little gnarly down here ... without the President 's passcode , we be look at about 45 more minute . bishop ( 0.s. ) ( through radio ) 45 minute I can handle , call I when you be close . int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop put the radio back down . stenz switchboard say they have a income call . one of yours . bishop it 's about time . he look down at the phone . line one light up . he answer . bishop ( cont 'd ) hello ? intercut : finnerty this agent Carol finnerty , to whom be I speak ? bishop it 's I , Carol . finnerty Martin ! be you okay ? bishop I be fine . you should have call already , we have have the building for fifteen minute . a beat . 55 . finnerty we ? bishop I be assume you be recording this , so I will make it easy for you - my name be Martin James Bishop and my man currently control the White House and 71 hostage within . the follow political prisoner be to be release - Gerry burke , Gregory aoki , sadaam Al - hafra , vikram govindan , Michael mayer - finnerty will , what be you - bishop - I be not go through this name again , Carol - Efrem krieger , arneau galezowski , and saadi soudavar . you have one hour to effect this release or we begin kill hostage , it 's that simple . finnerty take a breath . finnerty why be you do this ? bishop not you concern . clock 's tick . about to hang up the phone when : finnerty be the President alive ? bishop yes . finnerty I want proof of life . stenz raise a eyebrow at Bishop . bishop one hour , or I execute he in front of camera on the South lawn . he hang up the phone . 56 . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning raphelson and the other stare at finnerty lower the phone , reeling . take a breath . center herself and finnerty we need all of Bishop 's financial and medical record immediately , he 's get a wife muriel and three kid in georgetown , I want they bring here now . agent kellerman nod and go . raphelson you okay ? finnerty I have Thanksgiving at they house every year . int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop look up at stenz . bishop find the President . int . white house residence - third floor - morning the first family 's personal quarter . Far away from the chaos go on two floor below . cale step into the room , gun up . scan . tasteful decoration . thick carpet , plush furniture . and empty . cale we be clear . President sawyer enter behind he . cale ( cont 'd ) right now they be get situate , but that will not last . they will be come for we . ( check he clip ) shit . president sawyer what ? 57 . cale we only have three bullet . do you keep any weapon in here ? president sawyer there be usually two dress marine with m - 16 's stand outside that door , so no , I do not see the need . cale what about knife in the kitchen ? president sawyer through there . the President point to a door . cale raise the gun . cale stay behind I . int . white house residence - kitchen - morning pristine . pot rack and expensive range . warming drawer . a beautiful kitchen . cale enter . no one there . cale clear . sawyer come in behind he and go for the knife block on the island . president sawyer how long have you be in the secret service ? cale six month . president sawyer be you kid I ? cale well , technically six month Tuesday . president sawyer but you have do this before ? cale oh , sure , this be like my third White House terrorist take - over attack this month . 58 . cale spy the phone on the wall . go to pick it up ... president sawyer what be you do ? cale not that I do not like we chance with three bullet and a kitchen knife , but I think you might want to call you good friend at seal team six and see if they want to swing by and help . president sawyer you pick up that line , anyone at the switchboard will know we be up here . cale good point . do you have a cell phone ? president sawyer I have a better idea . int . white house residence - master bedroom - morning the President open up he bedside drawer and withdraw a sleek satellite phone . president sawyer satphone with a build in alpha - scrambler . no one can tap in . cale why do you have this next to you bed ? president sawyer so I can make private call to the man I be see . cale blink . president sawyer ( cont 'd ) kidding . sheryl want to be able to call she mother without the NSA listen in . so , who do we call ? cale you do not know ? 59 . president sawyer I have not place a phone call for myself in over two year . cale they do not give you like a special presidential dial - in number in case of emergency ? president sawyer ( dry ) . no , they tell I my secret service protection would handle that . touche . cale stare at the phone . have a idea . fish out a card from he pocket ... cale I know who we be call . int . AIR force one ( flying ) - morning cruise altitude . shaken , Jenna sit in she seat watch the vice president and other walk down the aisle to the conference room down the hall . Jenna raise a soda to she mouth with a shaky hand ... her cell phone ring . she jump , spilling the soda . answer . jenna hello ? int . white house residence - master bedroom - morning cale with the satphone . intercut : cale Jenna , it 's John cale , I be with the pre - jenna this really be not a good time . and she hang up . cale stare at the phone in disbelief . president sawyer Close friend ? int . AIR force one ( flying ) - morning Jenna , about to take another sip when the phone ring again . she spill again . answer , about to yell at he but : 60 . cale Jenna , do not hang up ! I be call from inside the White House , I have the President with I ! jenna that 's not funny , John . cale Jenna , I be not kid - sawyer take the phone from cale . president sawyer Jenna , hi , this be James sawyer , listen , I have just spend the last ten minute get shot at , so if you could connect I to whatever command and control structure we have leave in this country , I would really appreciate it . jenna ( flustered ) Sir ! yes , sir , I - uh , hold on ! she bolt from she seat ... int . white house residence - master bedroom a beat . the President look to cale . president sawyer we be on hold . int . AIR force one - conference room ( flying ) - morning the vice President , get a quiet pep-talk from he Chief of staff . wallace this be you moment , sir . the country be look for a leader . it 's you time to step up - interrupted as Jenna burst in , out of breath ! vice president hammond I tell you we be not to be disturb - 61 . jenna ( hold up she phone ) the President of the United States just call my cell . int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop 's radio crackle . it 's everett , the head of one of the sweep team : everett ( 0.s. ) we just finish a sweep of the State floor , no sign of they . Bishop think . into the radio : bishop if someone break into you house , where would you run and hide ? ( realize ) they be in the residence . go. int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning raphelson and finnerty gather around the viewscreen as Jenna put the call through . vice president hammond hello ? Mr. President ? intercut : president sawyer I be here , Alvin . we be okay . vice president hammond we? president sawyer I be with a secret service agent , I be go to put he on the line . handing the phone over to cale hello , this be agent John cale . finnerty cale ? cale miss finnerty ? 62. raphelson John , what be you do in there ? cale Long story , sir . they have take the building and be hold hostage . we evade they so far , but that will not last , so not to put too fine a point on it , but this be the part where you come in here and save we . finnerty we be work on several different scenario , but in the meantime , you need to get the President out . can you get to the basement ? cale look to sawyer , who nod . cale yes . finnerty good . there 's a series of tunnel that lead out to the street . JFK use they to sneak Marilyn in . cale I think that be a myth . finnerty actually , they be not . cale donnie 's gonna be piss ... finnerty you get to the basement , and I will lead you to the tunnel . cale and when I get he out , you be gonna come in and get the hostage , right ? finnerty and raphelson exchange a look . cale ( cont 'd ) they have my daughter . tell I you have a plan to save she . finnerty take a breath . 63. finnerty we will get to she , but you have to get the President to safety . this be the most important thing you will ever do . cale you want I to leave my child ? finnerty I want you to do you swear duty and protect the President of the United States ! ding ! the Elevator arriving on the third floor ! sawyer 's eye go wide as he motion to the hallway - they be come . cale hang up on she . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER finnerty cale ? cale ! she 's just meet with static . int . white house residence - master bedroom - morning the door creak open and chen and everett creep into the room , rifle up . they scan the room - seemingly empty . everett Mr. President ? no response . everett ( cont 'd ) we have no desire to harm you or you companion . please come quietly . chen point to the bed - cale 's blood spatter shoe poke out from the far side . he give Everett a hand signal , you go right , I go leave . everett ( cont 'd ) the sooner you come with we , the sooner this will be over . he spring around the bed weapon up to find ... just the shoe sit there . Everett blink . a decoy . and then the wardrobe door fly open behind he and 64 . cale leap out , knife in hand , stabbing he in the back ! Everett scream and pull the trigger and the room be fill with gunfire ! chen go down , riddled with bullet ! Everett charge backwards , try to throw cale off ! smash he back through the door , charge across the West sitting Hall and into int . white house residence - kitchen - morning Everett slam cale back against the island and rip the knife out of he back , spin to face he ! cale grab a pan and hurl it at Everett 's head , who duck and slashes , catch cale across the forearm ! everett Ranger choke-hold ? you one of that Army pussy ? he slashes again as cale hurl a pot at he ! everett ( cont 'd ) we use to use faggot like you for target practice ! cale jump up and bring the whole fuck pot rack down on Everett 's head ! Everett reeling , cale grab a cut board and whacks Everett across the face ! Everett drop the knife and they grapple , but Everett 's get the upper hand ... president sawyer ( 0.s. ) freeze ! they both look - in the doorway , the President of the United States , hold the gun on they . Everett do not freeze . in fact , he smile and continue to beat the ever loving shit out of cale . sawyer , try to get a clear line of sight ... president sawyer ( cont 'd ) what - what do you want I to do ? cale shoot he ! sawyer 's finger tighten on the trigger , but Everett get he arm around cale 's neck and haul he in front of he , use he like a human shield ... 65 . cale ( cont 'd ) wait not , now ! do not shoot now ! sawyer move the gun around , try to get a clear shot ... cale ram he head back into Everett 's nose - SNAP ! Everett scream and cale dive clear . cale ( cont 'd ) now ! blam-blam-blam ! sawyer shoot and Everett be blow backwards off he foot ! he land in a heap , dead . cale collapse against the counter , gasp . sawyer lower the gun . breathe hard . numb . they both sink to the floor . Water spray up form the sink , where a bullet strike it . silence . cale ( cont 'd ) Three bullet ...? sawyer look over at he . president sawyer what ? cale you have to use all three bullet ? president sawyer I save you life and you be give I note ? cale pull himself to he foot . cale we have to conserve ammo ... president sawyer I be try to conserve people . you be welcome , by the way . cale kneel down next to Everett 's body , dial the satphone . cale ( into satphone ) we have two dead bad guy up here . 66 . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning raphelson and the other look up as cale 's voice come through the speaker . finnerty rush to grab the phone . finnerty describe they . int . white house residence - kitchen - morning cale roll Everett 's body over , search he . cale both Americans , well train , proficient with small arm , hand to hand combat and ... oh , shit . he 's roll up Everett 's sleeve to expose a tattoo of a scream Eagle . finnerty ( 0.s. ) cale ? but cale hang up the phone , sever the connection . look at the President , quietly . concerned . cale Sir , this be a special force tattoo . president sawyer the army 's do this ? cale maybe . they be take order from you head of secret service , right ? president sawyer it 's a coup de 'tat ... cale game it out in he head ... cale no . if they want you dead , you would be dead . this be something else . sawyer nod . look at he . president sawyer I do not know they have you daughter . ( more ) 67 . president sawyer ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) if I think turn myself over to they would save she , I would do it . but we both know that 's not how this people work . cale stop , notice blood on sawyer 's shirt . alarm , he lean down and begin patting he down . cale be you hit ? president sawyer what ? cale ( search for a wound ) have you be shot , sir ? president sawyer ( push he away ) no ! no , it 's the other guy 's blood from the bedroom - I get splatter . cale step back , relieved . look at sawyer . the President of the United States , in he care . cale I be go to get you out of here . he extend a hand to sawyer and pull he to he foot . grab Everett 's mp - 5 and check the load . cale ( cont 'd ) we have to get to the basement . they head for the West sitting Hall ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty , talk to the Communications Officer . finnerty get he back on the line ! agent kellerman re-enter the bunker and pull she aside . agent kellerman muriel Bishop leave the country four day ago , buy a one way ticket to Venezuela . non-extradition . 68 . finnerty pull phone record , see if the venezuelan government be in contact with either of they in the last two year . Loop in NSA , they might have have a tap on Bishop 's phone . agent kellerman there 's something else . he hand she a sheet of paper . finnerty scan it , then take a deep breath . turn to address the room and the viewscreen . finnerty Mr. vice President , Mr. speaker , we have a problem . raphelson another one ? finnerty the list of prisoner Bishop want release ; they be not all in the US . Gerry burke be former sein fein and be be hold in London , galezowski be a basque separatist , he 's in France - vice president hammond well , I be sure all this country would cooperate if - finnerty samir Al - hafra 's be hold in Iran . State Department 's already reach out , but they will not let he go . vice president hammond what do Al - hafra do ? finnerty try to assassinate they President . raphelson there 's a lot of that go around . finnerty it do not make sense . why this prisoner ? what do they have in common ? a basque separatist , a irish revolutionary -- what 's krieger ? 69 . agent kellerman former mosaad . finnerty none of this guy be high value target , we have get bigger name sit in Guantanamo right now . raphelson you think it 's a diversion . finnerty I think it 's something . raphelson tell State to try again . link or not , we either need to release this people or kick in the door in the next 43 minute , otherwise Bishop 's go to start execute hostage on national tv . vice president hammond if the Iranians will not give up Al - hafra , maybe we go get he . they look to the vp 's viewscreen . vice president hammond ( cont 'd ) the nimitz be in the Gulf , they have a detachment of seal onboard . raphelson if we send man into Iran to get Al - hafra , we be commit a act of war . do you really want that on we plate this morning too ? vice president hammond you do not think we be at war ? take a look around you . come on eli , Iran 's we enemy , you say it yourself - raphelson just because I do not want to sign a treaty with they do not mean I think it 's a good idea to invade ! we need to hold this together . 70 . vice president hammond Colonel , I want the seal brief and prepped for a assault on the prison if we give the word . colonel janowitz respectfully , sir , only the President can give that order - vice president hammond the President be behind enemy line and compromise . I be assemble the cabinet now to invoke the 25th . raphelson stare at he , in shock . raphelson the President 's still alive ... you will not get the vote ... vice president hammond wallace assure I I will . we have already do the head count . ( to Colonel janowitz ) it will take about ten more minute to get everyone together . how long till Delta Force arrive ? colonel janowitz they will be here in fifteen minute . vice president hammond by the time they land , I will be able to give they the go order . ( to raphelson ) get onboard , eli. he cut the connection . raphelson look to finnerty . not good ... int . white house - p.e.o.c . - morning Tyler 's radio crackle : bishop ( 0.s. ) how 's it come , Mr. Tyler ? Tyler , finger fly on the keyboard . he curse , spit out he lollipop and grab the walkie . intercut : tyler I be have a firewall problem ... 71 . bishop meaning ? tyler you know what happen when they catch you try to hack the government ? they hire you . I be work against the best black -hat of the last twenty year - bishop I be go to need you to come to the point here . tyler I be go to need more time , another two hour at least - bishop shit . Tyler take a deep breath . tyler it would be a lot easier if you bring I that passcode . bishop so note . Everett , do you find anything in the residence ? Everett ? no response . Bishop frown . Tyler , see something on he monitor . one of the elevator be moving . tyler I have movement . Central elevator , come down from the residence - bishop it 's they . can you stop it between floor ? tyler ( type ) absolutely . halted between two and three . bishop lock it up , then send a team to -- actually scratch that . stenz , would you be so kind as to bring I the President of the United States ? 72 . stenz heft he m4 rifle with a grin and head for the door ... int . white house - state floor - CENTER hall - morning stenz lead a team of three man towards the elevator bank . stenz ( into radio ) we be in the central lobby . bring it down . int . white house - p.e.o.c . - morning Tyler punch in a few more keystroke and onscreen the elevator begin move again ... int . white house - state floor - CENTER hall - morning stenz hear the machinery move and the elevator car come to a halt on they floor . weapon up , ready to for a firefight . the door ding and slide open to reveal ... the car be empty . stenz key he radio : stenz it 's a decoy ! they be still upstairs ! he book for the stairwell , he team follow . as they bound upstairs ... int . white house - central elevator shaft - morning grimy and disgusting . everything cover with grease . cale and sawyer be shimmy down a narrow service ladder to the base of the shaft . cale I be surprised nobody put this on the tour . president sawyer I will look into it . they reach the recess bottom of the shaft . stand among the elevator machinery , the bottom floor of the White House at they chin level . cale dial finnerty ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty snatch up the phone . intercut : 73. finnerty be you okay ? cale relatively . we be at the base of the elevator shaft . finnerty you mean in the elevator ? cale not so much , no . finnerty check the blueprint . finnerty okay . okay , you need to pry the door open and get across the hall to the stairwell - that will lead you down to the catacomb . cale how be we go to open the door ? the President hold up a butcher knife from upstairs . cale smile and take it . pries open the elevator door a crack . he stop . footstep on the hall . someone rush past push a dolly load with wooden crate . the stamp on the side say " surface to AIR " ... president sawyer that can not be good . cale wait for the sound to recede , then slide open the door the rest of the way . climb out into the int . white house basement - corridor - morning a low light hall , fill with box . this be the storage level . cale , cover in grease . he pull the similarly filthy President up and they move across the hallway to the stair ... int . white house residence - third floor - morning stenz and he team sprint into the Main room . nothing . they find chen dead in the bedroom and Everett down in the kitchen . stenz look back to the elevator . realizing : stenz goddammit , they be in the shaft ! ( more ) 74 . stenz ( cont 'd ) ( run for the door ) whoever this guy be , he 's start to piss I off ... int . white house - storage stairwell - morning cale and the President descend a spiral staircase . cale do you know about this ? president sawyer I just know about the tunnel from the pool house that lead back to the residence . Truman put it in because he do not want to be photograph in he swim trunk walk back to the house . they reach a door at the bottom of the stair . cale ( into satphone ) we be at the bottom of the stair . finnerty ( 0.s. ) that 's the entrance to the catacomb . take the second tunnel on you right , follow it all the way out . we will be wait . cale take the pistol out and hand it to the President . cale I be not go with you . president sawyer what ? cale I can not leave she . you get out , you send the Marines back in to get I and my daughter . president sawyer you have my word . they shake . the President push through the door ... 75 . int . white house catacomb - morning dingy , clearly build during the bomb-shelter era . the President step forward to a chickenwire gate that lead to the tunnel . about to open when he notice -- plastic explosive wire to the gate door . beep transmitter and wire everywhere . he stare at it . president sawyer cale ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty snatch up the ringing phone . finnerty you on you way ? intercut with cale and the President stare at the bomb : cale the entrance to the tunnel have be wire with explosive . finnerty what 's it look like ? cale like a shit -ton of explosive . here . he snap a photo of it with the satphone and send it . a image of the device pop up on finnerty 's viewscreen . finnerty oh , yeah , do not touch that . ( to Colonel janowitz ) I need a explosive expert in here now ! int . white house - MAIN stairwell - morning stenz and he team , racing back down the stair ... int . white house catacomb - morning cale and the President hear the footstep approach . president sawyer they be come ... 76 . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty , desperately flipping through White House blueprint . intercut : cale we have to move , where be we go ? finnerty hold on - cale I can not hold on , which way ! finnerty I do not know , I - just run ! cale and the President bolt back into the stairwell ... int . white house basement - corridor - morning they burst out of the stairwell into the low - light corridor ... finnerty Central staircase should be fifty yard in front of you . Delta 's inbound , ten minute ! cale they will have we by then ! we need a location ! the President grab he arm . say one word . president sawyer stagecoach . cale ( into radio ) I know where we be go , finnerty . we be get out of here . they reach the central staircase , as behind they , the elevator ding open ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER raphelson lean over to she . raphelson the cabinet 's assemble right now ... 77 . int . white house - MAIN stairwell - morning as they sprint up the stair : finnerty ( 0.s. ) ( through satphone ) cale , if you do not get he out of there in the next five minute , he may not be the President anymore . cale we be do the best we can , but thanks for the add pressure ! sawyer pull he to the leave as a burst of gunfire come from below ! stenz , come for they . cale and the President bolt off the stair onto the state floor stenz key he radio : stenz contact in the Main stairwell , they be on the State floor head East ! int . white house - oval office - morning bishop East ? why would they - ( realize ) roland , they be come to you ! int . white house - state floor corridor Bishop 's man roland , guard a door . roland ( into radio ) Roger that , I will be - bullet punch through he ! cale and the President ! they leap over he body and shoulder through the door into int . white house - motor pool - morning the president's full motorcade park under the building . row upon row of black yukon and escalade . cale and the President bolt the door shut ! int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop , hearing roland go down . 78 . bishop shit ! all sweep team , converge on the motor Pool ! he grab he own weapon and race out the door ... int . white house - motor pool - morning bullet rip through the motor Pool door - stenz on the other side , try to get through ! cale where be the key ? president sawyer in the cage ! sawyer begin toss furniture in front of the door as cale race for the metal cage on the far side of the garage . he find a padlock on it and shoot it off ! rushing inside . dozen of keychain hang from hook . cale , about to ask the President which one he should grab when he see it -- a keychain with the presidential seal on it and this word - Ground Force one . cale smile and snatch it up . cale get they ! the President abandon the door and they both run to the far side of the garage where in all its glory sit stagecoach - aka " the beast " the presidential limousine . a eight ton military armored modify cadillac cts , sit on a chevy topkick wheelbase . each door weigh as much as a cabin door on a 747 . a hermetic hiss and ca-chunk as the door unlock . cale get in the driver 's side and the President run for the rear . cale ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you get in the back for ?! president sawyer sorry , force of habit ! he slide into the passenger seat , and they close the car door as the motor Pool door crash inwards ! 79 . stenz , run at they , emptying a full clip into the five - inch thick ballistic glass in front of cale 's face ! the bullet just zang off ! cale point to he ear make the universal " I can not hear you " gesture . as stenz reload , cale slam the key into the ignition and the Beast roar to life ... president sawyer ( cont 'd ) how do we open the garage door - cale hit the gas . the Beast peel out , smashing through the close motor Pool door out onto the East entrance drive ! Bishop sprint into the motor Pool just in time to see they peel out ! bishop we be go after they ! they grab key and climb into the yukon xl 's to give chase ... ext . white house ground - east drive - morning the Beast screech around a corner , roaring up the East drive for the South Gate as the yukon peel out of the garage ! sawyer , see they come . president sawyer shit , they be in the heavy - weapon follow car ! cale what do you mean ' heavy weapon ' ? on cue , the lead yukon 's sunroof retract and manned .30 caliber m-134d dillan rotating mini - gun rise up out of the car ! ( seriously , this car really exist ) . the gunner pull the trigger and the cannon spring to life , bullet tear chunks out of pavement around the Beast ! cale ( cont 'd ) be you kid I ?! cale yank the wheel to the leave , take the chase off-road , and onto the south lawn ! int . AIR force one ( flying ) - conference room - morning the vice President sit , address the assemble member of the cabinet on viewscreen . 80 . vice president hammond lady and gentlemen of the cabinet , thank you for join I today . it with a heavy heart that - wallace enter , interrupt he . wallace Sir , you need to see this ... he grab a remote , click the tv on to CNN -- live feed of the Beast tear across the South lawn of the White House , be pursue by three Black suv follow car each with roof mount machine gun cannon ... int . the beast ( moving ) - morning cale tear through the Kennedy Garden , swerving ... cale can we crash the fence ? president sawyer it 's dual harden steel and twelve foot high , so no ! until they have a exit , they be trap on the White House Grounds ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning raphelson and the other , watch the whole thing on tv slack - jaw . finnerty we will get a welding crew out there - int . the beast ( moving ) - morning president sawyer there 's no time for that ! cale swerve to dodge another hail of bullet and smashes through the President 's daughter 's swingset ! cale get someone to blow a hole in it ! 81 . ext . pennsylvania avenue - morning Three block up from the White House . two DC patrolmen sit in they huge armore riot - control vehicle on crowd control . watch with the rest of the world . patrolman they be trap in there ... his partner look at he . they know what they have to do . patrolman ( cont 'd ) let 's put some of this goddamn homeland Security budget to use ! he fire up the siren and the riot vehicle lurch forward , tear across the sidewalk towards the White House ... ext . white house - NORTH gate - morning the roar of a engine . the Guard look up , then raise he m4 to fire , but the riot-control vehicle smashes through the Gate and Guard House , flattening he ! the cop whoop , victorious ! ext . white house - south lawn - morning fist-size chunks of concrete be blow out of the White House Fountain , as the Beast roar past it , be pound by the mini - gun ! int . the beast ( moving ) - morning finnerty ( 0.s. ) ( through the radio ) there 's a breach at the North Gate ! go ! cale yank the wheel right , the car catch air as it decimate the White House putting GREEN ... int . lead suv ( moving ) - morning bishop stay with he ! int . the beast ( moving ) - morning cale , try to shake Bishop and figure out a way to the North side of the grounds . 82 . cale what 's the quick way to the North Gate ? the President point . Dead ahead , the White House tennis court . cale hit the gas ... they chunk down onto the clay surface of the tennis Court , tear across it , snap through the net at center court . up a grass embankment on the other side , catch air , slamm back down in time to smash through several set of picnic table ! cale swerve leave around a grove of tree , the suv follow , mini - gun obliterate the foliage ! up a hill , catch air again , then screeching onto the President 's basketball court , barely miss the basket , which the second suv slam into , flipping over ... ext . white house roof - morning mulachy , sighting the destruction at the North entrance through he scope ... mulachy ( into radio ) they be go to make it to the Gate . int . lead suv ( moving ) - morning bishop use the atr . int . armore riot vehicle - morning the patrolmen see the Beast come towards they : patrolman come on , you can make it ! come on - whoomp ! a anti - tank round go through the windshield , obliterate the patrolmen , blowing the vehicle apart ! int . the beast ( moving ) - morning cale Jesus ! ext . white house roof - morning mulachy retrain the huge gun on the Beast and pull the trigger ... 83 . ext . white house ground - morning cale swerve in time and the first Lady 's vegetable garden be blow to smithereen ! cale zig again as another anti - tank round uproot a tree ! total destruction ! ext . white house roof - morning mulcahy sight they one last time ... ext . white house ground - morning the anti-tank round slam into the Beast 's leave rear axle , blast the tire off and lifting the car into the AIR . it hang there for a heart -stopp moment , before falling . come down on its roof with a enormous splash into the white house swimming pool ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning horrify gasp . onscreen , the President 's limo sink ... int . the beast ( sinking ) - morning upside down . through the windshield , we see the bottom of the pool . cale lie on the roof . the President hang above he , still buckle in . smoke fill the cabin ... cale Wikipedia lie . sawyer release he seatbelt and tumble down onto the roof beside he . cale ( cont 'd ) you okay ? the President nod , cough . look at he . president sawyer you can not let they take I alive . a sit President cannot become a hostage ... you understand ? cale nod . check he pistol . grasp the door handle . cale deep breath ! they both take one and cale open the door - water rushing in to the car ... 84 . ext . white house pool - morning cale and sawyer surface sputtering in the shallow end . dragging each other out of the water as the suv 's pull toa halt . Bishop , stenz , and the other step out . bishop freeze ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning watch the live feed from CNN - a helicopter shot . Bishop 's man have the President and cale dead to rights . finnerty oh , my God . oh , my God . ext . white house pool - morning cale and the President stand drip in the morning sun . Bishop hold he gun on they . shout across to cale : bishop who be you ! cale look up . breathe hard . shout back : cale I be on the tour ! Bishop burst out laugh . too much . then : bishop put the gun down ! there 's nowhere else to run ! cale and the President look at each other . a moment between they . butch and sundance . and then cale raise he gun and open FIRE . suddenly everyone be fire , and cale and the President run to the poolhouse behind they as one of Bishop 's man jump on the mini - gun and -- bishop ( cont 'd ) no ! -- pull the trigger , the thing spin to life , grinding bullet through the poolhouse , and Bishop scream at he to stop , as the structure be rip to swiss cheese and there must be a gasline in there because as Bishop run towards it 85 . the poolhouse erupt into a fireball . the whole building consume the explosion , Bishop blow backwards off he foot ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty no ! ext . new york CITY - time square - morning people gather below the giant screen watch in horror as the structure the President run into become a inferno . some weep . other embrace . a terrible moment ... ext . white house pool - morning Bishop , streak with ash . he slowly get to he foot , stare at the burn wreckage . nothing could have survive . bishop get I finnerty . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty push back tear herself when agent kellerman Bishop 's on the line for you . she swallow and take the phone . finnerty you son of a bitch . you swore to protect he - ext . white house pool - morning bishop the President of the United States be dead . you have 22 minute . he hang up . int . AIR force one ( flying ) - conference room silence . the vice President stare at the shocked face of the cabinet onscreen . everyone shake . he speak softly : 86 . vice president hammond lady and gentlemen ... consider what we just witness , I do not think a vote be necessary , do you ? head be shake . several murmured " no 's " . wallace turn to Jenna , who be also cry . wallace Jenna , could you please find we a bible ? timecut to - hammond 's palm be place on a bible . as we hear he voice , we begin cutting around the country to image of people watch the destruction at the white house : vice president hammond ( v.o. ) I , Alvin hammond , do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States ... ext . pentagon - morning Three sleek blackhawk helicopter cut through the restrict airspace , come in for a landing on the roof of the Pentagon ... vice president hammond ( v.o. ) and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect , and defend the constitution of the United States ... the chopper touch down and commander paul cameron ( handsome , 30' ) step off , in full battle armor , flanke by lieutenant . vice president hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ...- so help I God . as cameron and he man descend into the building CNN newscaster ( 0.s. ) Word come now that vice President Alvin hammond have be swear in as the 47th President of the United States ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning kellerman slap down a medical file on the table . 87 . agent kellerman Medical record from Bishop 's doctor in McLean . he 's get a tumor in he head the size of a golf ball . diagnose six week ago , inoperable . ( off they look ) there 's more . Forensic accounting find this . 50 million be transfer into muriel Bishop 's account 12 hour ago . they stare at each other . raphelson that kind of money mean this be state sponsor . China , North Korea , Iran - finnerty how do it benefit another country to destabilize a nuclear superpower ? agent kellerman maybe they be not think that far ahead . Colonel janowitz hang up the phone . colonel janowitz Delta 's here . the door to the bunker open and cameron and he lieutenant stride in , snap off a salute to raphelson . commander cameron Mr. speaker , I be Commander Paul cameron , Delta Force - I be ready to brief on the incursion plan ? raphelson be this something you throw together in the last half hour ? commander cameron no , sir , this be long stand . we have run drill on this . finnerty you have run drill on assault the White House ? 88 . commander cameron ma'am , we have run drill on everything . initially we think we would go in through the tunnel , but you say they have be wire ? a voice from behind they speak up : ted ( 0.s. yes , but I - I - I - may have a solution to that . they all turn to see a short bespectacled man in schlumpy attire clutching a raft of papers stand there . nervous . finnerty who be you ? ted I be Ted . finnerty Ted ? ted Theodore lasky . i- I - you say you need a explosive expert in here ? ( off they look ) I be from homeland , I come up with different way to blow thing up . finnerty how do you get a job like that , Ted ? ted you really do not want to know . but I think the device in the tunnel can be defeat . commander cameron you think . ted hypothetically , yes . commander cameron hypothetical do not cut it . Bishop 's go to start execute hostage in 18 minute , so we be go to go in over the top . ( more ) 89 . commander cameron ( cont 'd ) ( point to blueprint ) we be go to land two blackhawks on the North and South lawn here and here , make they have to defend both side . we guess be Command and Control be locate somewhere in the West wing , so we make that the choke point . raphelson what about the approach ? commander cameron Satellite show they only have anti - tank capability on the roof , no surface to air missile , nothing that can lock on to a aircraft . we go in fast and hard , hose down the roof , then make it a ground war . from the Communications desk : colonel janowitz I have the President of the United States on the line ? they all look up at this , surprised . then the vice president 's image pop up on the viewscreen . vice president hammond Commander . commander cameron Mr. President . vice president hammond I would first like to take a moment of silence for President sawyer . he be a true patriot and a good friend - raphelson with all due respect , sir , we do not have time for a moment of silence . vice president hammond then let I ask this ; why be this option better than scramble a couple of F - 15s out of andrew and put a few sidewinder up Bishop 's ass ? raphelson blink . 90 . raphelson you want to call in a air strike on the White House ? vice president hammond I want a option that do not risk the life of american fight man and woman . finnerty and what about the hostage , sir ? what be they , collateral damage ? vice president hammond they be dead anyway if this fail . we level the White House with a air strike , not only will we end this , but we will show the world that we will go to any length to combat terrorism , both foreign and domestic . wallace you would be send a very clear message , sir ... raphelson alvy , please , do not do this - wallace Mr. speaker , you be address the President of the United States . commander cameron Mr. President ? this be Commander cameron . vice president hammond yes , Commander ? commander cameron I do not want to write off any Americans in there just yet . trust I , sir . we will get you house back for you . silence as hammond consider this . vice president hammond Mission 's a go , Commander . commander cameron thank you , sir . 91 . cameron race out of the room , finnerty follow ... vice president hammond Colonel , get on the phone to andrew , I want three F - 15s fuel and ready to launch if this go wrong . ext . pentagon roof - morning finnerty follow cameron to he chopper as the rotor blade spin up . cameron , to he man : commander cameron assault on Castle be a go , flight time to the target be six minute ! he look at finnerty , question . she struggle with it . finnerty I know Martin Bishop ! commander cameron and ? finnerty he will be in the oval Office ! you get close enough , mini-gun should be able to cut through the glass ! good luck ! she offer cameron a hand and he shake it . she step back as the blackhawks lift up into the air ... int . white house catacomb - morning Dark and musty . deep beneath the earth . two figure come into view . cale , support a limping President sawyer . both very much alive . cale tunnel under the pool house . God bless Harry Truman . the President chuckle . it turn into a cough . cale ( cont 'd ) any chance this lead out of here ? president sawyer I think just back to the residence ... I gotta stop for a sec. 92 . cale lower the President down into a sit position . sawyer cough again into he fist . look at he hand . blood . president sawyer ( cont 'd ) that 's not good , be it ? cale open sawyer 's jacket , search in . find the source of the problem - a hunk of shrapnel the size of a large pencil stick out of the President 's side . cale shit . we be gonna have to take that out . president sawyer you go to medical school in the last ten minute and forget to tell I ? cale kneel down next to he . cale it 's not near a major artery , but if it get infect you will die , and that would look really bad on my resume . I be gonna remove it and clean the wound , okay ? president sawyer okay . ( pause ) I be scared . cale under the circumstance , I would say that 's the correct response . president sawyer you bedside manner suck , you know that ? cale relax , I have do this before . president sawyer where ? cale Afghanistan . the President look at he . 93 . president sawyer I be sorry . cale I be not . you ready ? president sawyer tell I when you be gonna pull it out , okay ? cale okay . president sawyer wait , no do not . I do not want to know . cale so you just want I to do it . president sawyer no . no , tell I . cale all right , I be gonna pull it out on the count of three . one ... he yank out the shrapnel . blood . sawyer scream . president sawyer goddammit ! you be fire ! you be so goddamn fire ! shit ! cale I have to clean it now . do not pass out . president sawyer why not ? cale okay , solid point . his hand dip below frame and he begin to clean the wound . president sawyer talk to I , okay ? take my mind off it ... cale what do you want to hear ? oops . 94 . president sawyer Baseball score , I do not know , anything , you daughter , tell I about you daughter . cale her name be Emily . she 's ten . she love you . a lot . she begge I to vote for you . president sawyer you do not vote for I ? cale well , you know , you want to raise tax - president sawyer only on the richest one percent of the -- goddammit , you do not vote for I ? cale what can I say ? she 's smarter than I be . president sawyer clearly . cale yeah , I do not know when that happen . half the time it make I proud , the other half it drive I nut . but she 's smarter . and she hate I . president sawyer I be sure she do not . cale I be sure she do . she think I leave she . when I go overseas . she 's right . I do . she be six year old and then poof ! no dad . president sawyer you do what you have to . cale people say that . do not change anything , though , do it ? ( more ) 95 . cale ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) and if she make it out and we do not , the last thing she 's gonna see of I be video of try to get you out . leave she behind . again . president sawyer that 's not how this end . he mean it . cale smile . cale when they be young , they run up to you and hug you , and shout " daddy ! " and then one day it just stop . no one tell you that . I would give anything to have that hug one more time . president sawyer you know what my daughter Paula want for she fifteenth birthday ? a belly button ring . who the hell be equip to deal with that ? cale laugh . look at sawyer . cale daughter . president sawyer yeah ... cale lean back , work finish . cale how be you feel ? president sawyer surprisingly okay . cale told you I know what I be do . ( dig out satphone ) I be gonna call in , let they know we be not dead . he dial the phone . 96 . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty look up at the ringing phone in disbelief . look at the caller id . could only be one person . answer it : finnerty cale ? intercut : cale alive and kick . we be in the tunnel under the pool house . finnerty and the President ? cale he 's hurt , but he will be okay . cheer in the Pentagon bunker . finnerty that great news ! stay put , the cavalry 's come ! cale Delta ? finnerty they're in the air , should be hit the residence in four minute . cale smile fade . cale in the air ? no , no , it 's gotta be a ground assault - Bishop 's get surface to air missile , if they come in by air , it will be a turkey shoot ! finnerty Satellite show the roof be clear - cale he 's keep they in the basement so you can not see - you have to call they off ! 97 . ext . blackhawk helicopter ( flying ) - morning a column of blackhawks sweep across the potomac . through the open door we see the soldier check they weapon , go through pre-battle ritual . land come up ... commander cameron all right , hug the deck , we go in low and quiet ! the blackhawks drop down to fifty foot above the ground rush past below , swoop between building ... commander cameron ( cont 'd ) time to target be three minute ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty curse and throw aside the radio . finnerty they have go dark for the assault , there 's no way to raise they ! int . white house catacomb - morning finnerty ( 0.s. ) ( through phone ) there 's nothing we can do ! cale , realize that man be go to die . he look to the President . cale Sir ...? president sawyer go. cale grab he assault rifle and run . book down the tunnel , back towards the White House ... int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop re-enter , talk into he radio to he man : bishop they '11 be come now , so move the sam to the roof . mulchay , be ready . 98 . ext . white house roof - morning mulchay , scan the horizon with he scope ... mulachy Roger that . int . white house corridor - morning Bishop 's man roll dolly stack with surface -to - AIR missile crate onto elevator . Men rush to they assign post . like a submarine prepare for battle ... int . white house - situation room - morning the Guards check they weapon . Emily hear the commotion in the corridor . whisper to donnie : emily what 's go on ? he shake he head , no idea . emily ( cont 'd ) you think it 's my dad ? int . white house catacomb - morning cale , the dad in question , run flat -out . scream into the cell - phone : cale if I can get to the roof before they fire the missile , I might be able to stop they ! come up to the chicken - wire gate with the explosive wire to it ! he can not go through without set it off ! cale ( cont 'd ) shit ! I be gonna need some help here with the bomb ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty spin around , scan the room . finnerty Ted ? Ted ! no sign of he . 99 . finnerty ( cont 'd ) where 's Ted ? agent kellerman I think he go to the bathroom ... finnerty now ?! ext . blackhawk helicopter ( flying ) - morning weaving through the street of DC ... commander cameron two minute to Castle ... int . pentagon - men' room - morning empty , save for a man sit in the far stall . we hear page turn . whistle . serenity . suddenly , kellerman burst in . kick in the stall door revealing ted , pants around he ankle , read a copy of in touch magazine . he grab Ted and haul he out ... ext . white house roof - morning stenz emerge onto the roof with the crate of sam . mulcahy raise a crowbar and crack the first box open , revealing a shoulder -mount launcher ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty hustle Ted into a chair and hand he a earpiece to speak to cale with . intercut : ted John cale ? this be Ted lasky , I work at homeland Security - finnerty he do not care where you work , Ted ! ted okay , there be three possible way for you to disarm this particular device . do you by any chance have a engineering degree ? cale no. 100 . ted okay , two possible way for you to disarm this particular device . do you see the yellow wire ? cale ( reach for it ) yes . ted do not touch it . it 's the decoy . what about the green wire ? cale look . cale there be six green wire . ted be some of they a lighter green than other ? cale there be six green wire . ext . white house roof - morning the sound of helicopter approach . as stenz load a missile into mulcahy 's launcher ... int . white house catacomb - morning ted okay , you need to pull the green wire sequentially , start from the leave , move to the right . do not let more than two second pass between pull each one . be you ready ? cale exhales . put he hand over the first green wire . cale ready . ted go. wait . cale pull he hand away . cale Jesus Christ , what ? 101 . ted be there write on the side of the device ? a company name ? cale ( read ) " Snyder " . ted this be Snyder ? that change everything ... cale what do I do , Ted ? ted well , do not touch the green wire , that 's for sure . int . blackhawk helicopter ( flying ) - morning one minute out . cameron pop in a stick of gum and cross himself ... int . white house catacomb - morning ted do you see a power source , like a battery ? cale squint . cale I think so . ted unplug it . a bomb be like any other electrical device , if you deprive it of its power source , it cease to function . cale and it will not explode ? ted probably not . finnerty what if you be wrong ? 102 . cale then hopefully the sound of I be blow into a million piece will distract they . finnerty , if I die ? she know before he even ask . finnerty I will get she out . cale swallow . good enough for he . he reach forward , grab the battery wire , and yank it out ... no explosion . cale pull the bomb off the door , stuff it in he satchel , and be through the gate , run for the stair ... ext . blackhawk helicopter ( flying ) - morning thunder down constitution Avenue , turn North towards the White House ... commander cameron twenty second ! ext . white house roof - morning mulchay , hefting the launcher ... mulachy come to papa ... int . white house - MAIN stairwell - morning cale , shoot two guard on the first floor landing ! bound up the stair , racing for the roof ... ext . white house roof - morning as the blackhawks crest into view , charge straight at the residence . the launcher beeps ... mulachy we have missile lock . int . white house - oval office - morning bishop fire. 103 . ext . white house roof - morning as the chopper come in over 15th Street , humphry fire . a missile streak out of the launcher , scream through the air across the length of the South lawn and enter the lead blackhawk 's cockpit at 150 mph ! the aircraft blows apart spectacularly , the burn husk of the cabin smash down into the White House Fountain , crack the concrete and obliterate the water feature ! int . second blackhawk ( flying ) - morning commander cameron Holy shit , break leave , break leave ! ext . white house roof - morning the pilot yank hard on the stick and the second and third blackhawks split apart , go leave and right respectively ! stenz slide another missile into mulachy 's launcher , as he track the second blackhawk across the sky ... int . second blackhawk ( flying ) - morning the cockpit 's instrument panel go red and a alarm sound : blackhawk pilot they have get missile lock ! ext . white house roof - morning mulchay pull the trigger and the missile fire ! the blackhawk Pilot try to take evasive action , but the missile slam into rear rotor , rip the whole tail section off ! int . second blackhawk ( flying ) - morning commander cameron auto-rotate , auto-rotate , we be go dow - wham ! the chopper slam nose - first into the South lawn , crush the cockpit and pilot ! rotor blade whipping into the dirt , sheering off , send razor sharp debris slice through the White House fence and into the building across the street ! 104 . ext . white house roof - morning stenz reload humphry as the last blackhawk break hugh and right over the White House ... the launcher beeps . they have tone . missile lock . about to pull the trigger . the roof door bang open . they look . John cale ! he fire a burst through mulcahy 's chest , blow he off he foot ! the sniper crumple , drop the launcher ! cale pivot and loose a burst at stenz , who be already run away , shoot back at he ... int . third blackhawk ( flying ) - morning swing back around towards the White House ... blackhawk pilot ( to gunner ) take they out ! the gunner jump on the deck mount .50 cal and pull the trigger and unload on the roof ! ext . white house roof - morning cale dive away from the door as it 's rip to swiss - cheese ! try to take cover as the gunner ventilate the roof ! bullet punch through everything ! the blackhawk swing in high , the remain Delta member , get ready to fast - rope down . the gunner pause for they to get into position , give cale time to glance up and see stenz . hoist the fall launcher , angle it straight up at the belly of the chopper and cale no ! stenz fire . the missile fly and the last blackhawk blows apart directly above they ! cale and stenz both roll away , try to dodge the sizzling chunks of debris that rain down ! the flaming tail section crunch down through the third floor roof into the master bedroom ! the cockpit miss the building completely and smashes down onto the concrete drive in front of the North portico four storey below . and finally , bless silence . 105 . cale 's eye blink open . amaze to be alive . cover in soot , grease , and oil . he try to get to he foot ... wham ! a bloody fist crash into he face ! stenz. alive . piss . he smashes cale 's head into the gravel rooftop ... ext . white house - south lawn - morning cameron pull himself and several of he man from the wreckage of the second blackhawk on the South lawn . all of they rag and bloody . he try to rally they . commander cameron we be kick in the front door ! come on ! the other bellow back at he in the affirmative and what remain of the Delta Force charge up the South lawn towards the entrance to the West wing ... int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop stare out the window . watch the last charge of the Delta Force . he raise the radio to he lip . bishop finish it . ext . white house - south lawn - morning four of Bishop 's man step out onto the South portico balcony and level they weapon at Delta . a raise fire position . the high ground . they unload . and the Rose Garden become a kill field . cameron watch he man to the leave and right of he fall in slow - mo . bullet rip through he . still he push forward . try to make it to the man in the window of the oval Office . cordite and rise petal swirl in the air around he . he fall to he knee . pistol in hand . firing at Bishop . the bullet barely nick the glass in front of he face . they hold each other 's gaze for a moment more ... Fresh gunfire from above finish it . cameron go face down among the rose . Dead ten foot from the White House . 106 . ext . white house roof - morning four storey above , stenz hurl cale into the side of a chimney ! beating the shit out of he ! cale , gasp , pick up a chunk of brick as stenz lumber towards he ... cale turn and swing , connect with he shoulder ! stenz scream and cale tackle he , catch he off balance , send both man careen over the side of the roof and int . white house - third floor greenhouse - morning a glassed -in greenhouse on the third floor promenade , just to the right of the North portico . connect to the residence , it 's where the first Lady grow she herb . cale and stenz tumble down onto the greenhouse roof . squeake and slide on the glass , as they struggle -- the glass begin to spider - web with crack . they freeze . look at one another . the glass , stretch , groan ... boom . it shatter . cale and stenz plummet into the greenhouse proper , smash down onto herb bed ! cale be up first , grab a piece of glass and slashing at stenz ! on he , punch he , finally get the upper hand ! cale you like that ? stenz crash cale back into a shelf of pot , as the door fly open and Bishop 's man mott open fire and cale scream as a bullet tear a chunk out of he shoulder ! stenz give it to I ! stenz grab the rifle and wheel around to finish cale , who see no other option hurl himself through the glass ! cale smashes outward into space , leg kick as he leap off the third floor balcony ! stenz scream in frustration and run to the edge , firing down into the foliage below ! but it 's no use . cale be go . 107 . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning the tvs still play the horrible aftermath of the blackhawk attack . finnerty snatch up a ringing phone . finnerty be you okay ? int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop , on the other end . piss . bishop that be stupid . intercut - finnerty take aback , not who she expect . finnerty Martin - bishop you know I would be ready for a attack but you send they in anyway . you make I kill they - finnerty I do not make you do anything . I know about the cancer . that stop he for a moment . finnerty ( cont 'd ) nobody else have to die , Martin . he look at the body in the Rose Garden ... bishop I do not want they too . but because of you , now I have to do this . finnerty do what ? bishop retaliate . hr hang up the phone and grab the walkie . bishop ( cont 'd ) Tyler , do you have he location ? 108 . int . white house - p.e.o.c . - morning lollipop in mouth , finger fly , intercut : tyler lock in . bishop bring he down . CUT to : ext . colorado spring - morning a beautiful mountain range . Sun shine . bird chirp . superimpose - norad - North american aerospace Air Defense Center , cheyenne Mountain . int . norad - cheyenne mountain - operation CENTER - morning the whole Operations Center carve into the mountainside . dozen of tech man terminal . one tech blink in disbelief . to he watch commander : norad technician Sir , my weapon system be come online ! it 's be access remotely , I can not - Jesus Christ , it 's target ! watch commander ch ( sprinting over ) what ? norad technician it 's fire ! ext . ohio countryside - morning three ballistic missile roar out of a mountaintop silo and climb into the sky ... int . norad - cheyenne mountain - operation CENTER - morning the whole place in a uproar . norad technician we have three away ! non-nuclear ballistic missile - watch commander what 's the target ? 109 . norad technician uhhhhh , aircraft over Ohio , look to be a modify 747 heavy - ( realize ) oh my God ... ext . AIR force one ( flying ) - morning soaring over Ohio , accompany by fighter escort ... int . AIR force one ( flying ) - cockpit - morning Captain dix look up as klaxon SOUND ! CO - pilot Holy shit , we have income ! Three missile , out of the southeast go super-sonic - captain dix I have the stick ! he grab the stick as the plane buck out of auto-pilot ! int . AIR force one ( flying ) - conference room - morning the vice President and other throw to the floor as dix put the aircraft into a dive ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning raphelson and the other , see the chaos on screen ... int . f-15 fighter escort ( flying ) - morning f-15 pilot they be go for heat signature , we be go to try and draw they off ! he and the other pilot break off as the missile streak in ! one missile pull away from the other , follow the heat signature of the F - 15 ! the pilot climb as fast as he can , pull 3g 's , but -- thoom ! the f-15 fireballs ! int . AIR force one ( flying ) - cockpit - morning captain dix two leave ! deploy chaff ! 110 . he stab a button and ... ext . AIR force one ( flying ) - morning a hatch on the tail open and metalized glass fiber spew out of the back of the plane ! spit ton of the stuff , hope to distract the missile guidance system . and it work ! one of the missile streak leave past the plane and out over Lake abram ! int . AIR force one ( flying ) - cockpit co- pilot one to go ! captain dix we be gonna out - climb the son of a bitch ! he haul back on the stick , take the plane to a seventy degree climb ... int . AIR force one ( flying ) - cabin - morning people tumble through the cabin like dice , scream and cry as they try and claw they way to they seat ! Jenna weep as she buckle herself in , she eye find agent Graham across from she ... ext . AIR force one ( flying ) - morning the final missile zeroing in on they , as they tear into the upper atmosphere , the missile 's nose cone icing over ... int . AIR force one ( flying ) - cockpit captain dix we dive and hit the chaff , he fly right past ! he slam the stick forward , levelling the plane , smashes down the chaff button and ext . AIR force one ( flying ) - morning chaff blast out of the back as the plane go into a crash - dive ! the missile miraculously keep climb ! 111 . int . AIR force one ( flying ) - cockpit co- pilot you do it ! he pump he fist as Captain dix whoops for joy ! ext . ohio countryside - morning five more missile streak out of the silo into the air ... int . AIR force one ( flying ) - cockpit - morning the co-pilot stare at the radar in disbelief . five more come . no way out . co- pilot oh , God . captain dix ( into intercom ) lady and gentlemen , I be so sorry ... int . AIR force one ( flying ) - cabin - morning people scream , confuse . Jenna look at Graham . know this be it . her hand find he . they finger entwine ... Fire blossom as the first missile strike Air Force one . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning raphelson , finnerty , and the other stare at the vice President 's viewscreen . no image . just static . Colonel janowitz speak into a phone and then hang up . colonel janowitz ( softly ) we have confirmation of ground impact . silence . raphelson turn away . finnerty look for something to punch . no one know what to say . finally : finnerty we be go to need to swear you in , sir . it take raphelson a moment to realize she 's look at he . 112 . raphelson no. if President sawyer 's still alive in there - finnerty it do not matter . executive power pass to the vice President when he be swear in , which mean ... the office now pass to you . raphelson Jesus Christ ... the phone ring . finnerty punch it through on speaker . bishop do you get my message ? finnerty you son of a bitch . bishop name call aside , we timetable still stand . you have ... ( check he watch ) six minute to we deadline . finnerty what do you want this prisoner for ? bishop not you concern - finnerty why be you do this ? raphelson put a hand on she shoulder . raphelson we need more time , Mr. Bishop . we can not release all the prisoner in six minute , one they 's in Iran , for chrissake ! bishop well , then you better go get he . raphelson it 's not that simple - 113 . bishop it be exactly that simple . in fact , let I show you how simple it be - you be originally from Denver , Colorado , be that right Mr. speaker ? a beat . raphelson yes . bishop if I do not have confirmation in the next six minute that you be liberate sadaam Al - hafra from he prison , in addition to execute hostage here , I will fire a missile on downtown Denver . sound fair ? raphelson clenching he fist so hard they be shaking ... bishop ( cont 'd ) six minute , sir . Bishop break the connection . int . white house - oval office - morning interrupted as stenz stride into the oval , cut and bloody . stenz he 's still alive . bishop who ? stenz the tourist . he kill mulchay and konner on the roof . bishop alone ? stenz nod . Bishop think for a moment . bishop ( cont 'd ) maybe he 's not . who come on a tour alone ? a beat . Bishop grab the walkie . 114 . bishop ( cont 'd ) Tyler , can you stream I video of everyone who come in for the tour this morning ? int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning silence . raphelson exhales . look up at the other . raphelson I know what it look like . but I swear to you , we be not beat yet . Colonel , get I the base commander at andrew . finnerty look up , surprised . finnerty Sir ? colonel janowitz General pierce be on the line , sir . raphelson General , this be eli raphelson . the vice President have instruct you to fuel three fully load F - 15s with a target package for the White House , be that correct ? general piecre yes , sir . raphelson I want you to launch that plane , General . general piecre Roger that , sir . Tower , you be clear to launch . we hear he give more order as finnerty look at raphelson , stunne . finnerty Mr. speaker - raphelson we have to end this , Carol . we give he more time , who know how many more weapon system they can control ? 115 . finnerty and the White House ? raphelson look what we have already be through today . ( hand on she shoulder ) we country be stronger than one house . ext . andrews AIR force base - morning three F - 15 's fire up they thruster and streak off from the tarmac into the morning air , head towards Washington DC ... int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop and stenz , scrolling through security footage ... stenz there . Bishop stop it - the image of cale and emily come in , Emily shrugging off cale 's embrace . Father and daughter . stenz ( cont 'd ) I know she . we have she in the sitroom . bishop bring she here . int . situation room - morning Emily sit with the Tour guide . a small commotion near the front of the room . Emily look up to see stenz stand in the doorway . he point to she . stenz come on pretty , we get a date . the other shrink away from he . donnie the guide what be you go to do to she ? stenz ignore this . move for Emily . donnie step between they , use every last bit of courage he have . donnie the guide ( cont 'd ) you be go to have to go through I . 116 . stenz pause . seem to consider this for a moment . then pull out he pistol and shoot donnie in the stomach ! Emily scream . donnie fall . stenz grab Emily and drag she from the room ... int . white house - west wing corridor - morning desert hallway . stenz pull Emily along , on they way to the oval Office . emily you be go to go to jail for that . stenz yeah ? who 's gonna make I ? Emily look at he . emily who do that to you face ? piss , stenz push she along ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning colonel janowitz bird be in the air , sir ! time to target be 15 minute ! he set the wall clock to count it down ... int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop 's watch beep . the deadline up . he pick up the phone . intercut with the Pentagon : bishop you time be up , gentleman . finnerty slide raphelson a note " need to buy time " . raphelson take a deep breath . raphelson we will give you what you want . ( to Colonel janowitz ) tell the seal Commander the iranian incursion be a go . as he say this , he shake he head at janowitz - do not do it . finnerty , play along : 117 . finnerty but sir , the peace Accord - raphelson that 's a order ! Bishop smile . bishop very good . we will wait for confirmation the prisoner have be freed . raphelson and then ? bishop then you will receive further instruction . you make the right choice , Mr. President . they hear Bishop break the connection . Pan up to the airstrike countdown clock on the wall . 14 minute ... int . white house - oval office - morning as Bishop hang up , stenz enter with Emily . she look around . the actual oval Office . and a man sit behind the resolute desk . not the President . he smile at she . bishop hi there , sweetie . let 's have a conversation about you and you dad ... int . white house - ground floor - flower shop - morning the room in the basement where all of the floral arrangement be put together . desert . Flowers lay strewn about the different table . the sound of glass break . cale slide in through a window . cradle he machine gun . torn and bloody . he limp over to one of the table . find a roll of pack tape . tries to wrap it around the bullet wound in he shoulder . stifles a scream as he do so . he take a breath . gather himself . move to the door . look out into the hall . the stairwell down to the catacomb down to the leave . he move for it ... the White house public address system crackle on : 118 . bishop ( 0.s. ) good morning , Mr. cale ! his voice echoe throughout the complex . cale blink - Bishop know he name . bishop ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you have prove to be a quite a nuisance this morning , so I want to let you know that I be sit here with someone who want to say hello . say hello , sweetie ! emily ( 0.s. ) hello . cale 's face - oh , Jesus , no . bishop ( 0.s. ) would you like to tell you father what I be hold in my hand ? emily ( 0.s. ) a gun . oh God . cale begin to sprint- limp through the hallway . do not even know where he 's go , just try to get to the source of the voice ... bishop ( 0.s. ) be there anything you would like to say to he before we do this ? emily ( 0.s. ) they be hold forty of we in the situation room - int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop clap a hand over Emily 's mouth . give she a smile . bishop not like that . int . white house - basement hall - morning cale look at he cheap White House map , desperately scan it for the location to the situation room ... intercut : 119 . bishop Mr. cale , I be go to count to three . wherever you be , I advise you to start try to signal one of my man , because if they do not have you in they custody by the time I reach three , I be go to shoot you little girl in the stomach . one ... cale can not believe it , it 's all happen too fast ... bishop ( cont 'd ) two ... cale open he mouth to scream , but voice ( 0.s. ) hey , over here ! here ! footstep go run towards the voice - what the hell ? int . white house - oval office - morning bishop ... Three . a beat . Bishop look Emily in the eye . bishop ( cont 'd ) guess daddy do not love you after all . stenz raise he weapon when the radio squawk : mott ( 0.s. ) ( through radio ) we have he , sir . bishop ( into radio ) cale ? int . white house - CENTER hall - ground floor - morning mott no , sir . the President . mott and another man stand with president sawyer who have just surrender himself . intercut : 120. bishop well , that change thing . get he up here . they march sawyer up the center stair . cale watch from around the corner . he could shoot , but what if he hit sawyer ? what if that make they kill Emily ? he watch they go , powerless . curse . pull out the satphone ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning finnerty snatch up the phone . intercut : cale they have the President . finnerty cale , you have to get out of there . help 's not come . cale do not you hear what I say - finnerty they kill the vice President . a air strike 's be call in on the White House . cale no - finnerty yes . you have to go . cale take a breath . cale they still have hostage . they still have Emily . finnerty then you have 12 minute to figure out a way to get they out . cale do not respond . he 's stare across the hall at the painting of the White House in 1814 ... int . white house - oval office - morning mott lead President sawyer into he own oval Office . he stop in the door to see Bishop sit behind he desk . 121 . Emily sit in the corner , guard by stenz . mott offer up a pistol to Bishop . mott he have this on he . Bishop take the gun , tsk-tsking he . bishop whatever happen to the pen be mightier than the sword ? sawyer look at he . president sawyer as President of the United States , I want you to know that this come with the full weight , power , and authority of my office - fuck you . Bishop smile . President sawyer look to Emily . president sawyer ( cont 'd ) you okay ? she give he a tight nod . bishop I make sure you family be not here for this . so now I want you to do something for I . sit. sawyer do not move . mott kick he in the back of the knee , drive sawyer into a chair . bishop ( cont 'd ) each President be give a twelve digit passcode , it change every three month . I need yours . president sawyer it will not get you access to the weapon system - bishop it 's not the weapon system I be after , sir . sawyer stare at he . realizing : 122. president sawyer you be data-farm ? that 's what this be all about ? bishop you say that like it 's some minor goal . this building contain more critical information onsite than any other structure in the world . Defense allocation , national security protocol , troop location and movement in three separate ongoing war . do you even comprehend what that secret be worth ? we will open the bid at 100 billion . I think the chinese will ultimately take it , but the Russians will give they a run for they money . ( off he look ) what ? do you think we be here for you ? now . the passcode . the President can not believe it . president sawyer you be do all this for money ? bishop I have a tumor in my head that 's suppose to kill I before arbor Day . who 's go to take care of my family , Mr. President ? you ? president sawyer and you solution be to throw away decade of service to this country ? bishop maybe spend the last twenty - five year see what vain petty people you be all help . this country 's sole operate principal for the last two hundred year have be " get as much as you can for yourself and screw the other guy . " so after twenty - five year , that 's what I be do , Mr. President . I be get mine . the american Way . president sawyer what about you kid ? what will they think when you be go ? 123 . bishop money 's the most important thing in this country , right ? well , they be about to have a lot of it . ( level the gun ) now . the passcode . president sawyer you know I can not . Bishop sigh and point the gun at Emily . bishop do we really have to do this again ? president sawyer if I give it to you , we enemy will know everything . bishop just the one who can pay . president sawyer we country will be over . bishop there come a day when all empire must fall , Mr. President . ( cock the gun ) I be go to count to three ... president sawyer ( to Emily ) I can not give it to he , you understand - whap ! stenz pistol - whip the President in the mouth ! he spit blood . Emily look at he . lock eye . emily I understand . bishop one ... president sawyer ( to Emily ) I be sorry . bishop two ... Emily close she eye ... 124 . a klaxon go off . sound throughout the complex . stenz what the hell ? int . white house - p.e.o.c . - morning Tyler , stare at he screen in disbelief . into the radio : tyler I have thermal alarm go off in two - wait , no , three different location ! third floor kitchen , second floor hall , second floor East bedroom - int . white house - oval office - morning emily ( to President sawyer ) what do that mean ? bishop it mean you father just set fire to the White house. ( into radio ) send team to put they out , we can not let the building go up yet - stenz we do not have team anymore , sir ! bishop then peel man off the situation room , this building 's a two hundred year old tinderbox ! a new alarm wail . tyler ( 0.s. ) ( through radio ) fourth alarm ! Fire in the lincoln bedroom ! as if on cue , the sprinklers go off above they ! drench everyone in the oval Office . Bishop , furious , toss stenz and m4 rifle . bishop kill he . 125 . stenz with pleasure . he turn and bolt for the room . Bishop , into the walkie : bishop shut that off ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning Colonel janowitz , in contact with the F - 15' ... colonel janowitz six minute to target , sir ! agent kellerman Sir , you need to see this ... he turn the sound up on CNN - which now show smoke pour out of the second and third floor of the White House ! CNN newscaster smoke begin pour from the structure minute ago , lead we to believe that the upper floor of the White House be in fact on fire ... finnerty look to raphelson . finnerty it 's cale . int . white house - west wing - basement corridor - morning the door to the situation room open and two men barrel out of it , run to the stair , turn the corner to find cale , who open up with the machine gun ! the man fall ! cale race towards the sit room door . humphry step out firing , and cale dive to the ground , spraying back ! a waterford crystal vase explode in the hallway as cale roll sideways , strafing the door ! humphry go down scream , bullet punch through he leg ! cale be up and run into int . situation room - morning he push through the hostage , find the wounded Tour guide be tend to on the floor . 126 . cale where be she ? donnie the guide they take she to the oval Office ! cale look around to the other . cale there 's a air strike come ! get everyone out of here now ! total panic now . people scream , push through door ! cale run with they ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER raphelson , eye glue to the television . finnerty something 's happen in there ! we have to give he more time ! colonel janowitz four minute , sir ! ext . virginia skie - morning the f-15' streak towards Washington ... int . white house - west wing - basement corridor - morning as people pour out of the sitroom , cale run for the West stair , bound up they , to the first floor . rounding a corner into wham ! a bloody fist to the face again ! stenz . cale 's gun go sprawling . stenz send another rib - crack punch to he gut , send he hurtle back into the Press room ! stenz I be gonna enjoy this ... int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop raise he gun and blam ! shoot the President in the leg ! sawyer scream , double over ! 127 . bishop that 's the femoral artery . unless I stop it , you be go to bleed out in that chair . what 's the code ? int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning on CNN - the hostage now streaming out of the building across the North and South lawns ! colonel janowitz Three minute , sir ! finnerty ( to raphelson ) give the man a chance ! ext . west colonnade - morning smash ! cale be hurled through the double glass door by the briefing room out onto the colonnade ! landing in a bloody heap . stenz , advance on he ... stenz you daughter say you be go to take I to jail . so be you ? stenz kick he . cale grunt as the force of it propel he into a column . stenz pull a knife . stenz ( cont 'd ) I be gonna carve my fuck name into you chest . he lean down as cale roll and smashes both foot into stenz 's leave knee ! the knee buckle and stenz scream , fall ! cale yank something from he satchel and slam it into stenz 's chest . stenz look - it 's the bomb from the tunnel . his eye lock with cale . cale no jail for you . he pull all six green wire and run . stenz scream a second before he blows apart ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning on CNN - the entire west colonnade explode ! chunks of pillar and roof be blast out as far as the street ! 128. CNN newscaster Holy shit ! Inside the bunker , finnerty gasp . behind she be ted. ted look like somebody touch the green wire ... int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop , sawyer , and Emily be throw to the ground as the building rock on its foundation ! president sawyer Emily , run ! the little girl bolt for the door ! mott smack she in the back of the head with he pistol , send she sprawling ! he raise it to kill -- president sawyer ( cont 'd ) no! wait ! I '1l give you the code ! mott look at Bishop , who go to he laptop . bishop now , or she die . the President take a breath and begin . president sawyer 7 . 3 . 5 . 4 ... int . white house residence - first floor - morning cale stare at the twisted flame destruction between he and the West wing - no way to get to Emily now . all he 's get leave be he pistol . pop the clip . look . cale Three bullet . snap it back . mind racing . cale ( cont 'd ) think , goddammit , think ! his eye fall onto a very particular doorway that he go through once before in the film ... 129 . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER finnerty for the love of God , sir , you have to stop this ! he look at she . raphelson what if it 's a trick ? int . white house - oval office - morning president sawyer 3 . 9 . 4 ... he double over as a cough fit overtake he . spit up more blood . bishop what 's the last number ! tell I ! the President try to speak , but all that come out be a wheeze . Bishop curse and run over to he . kneel down next to he . bishop ( cont 'd ) the last number . now . sawyer mumble something ... bishop ( cont 'd ) what ? he lean down , put he ear to the President 's mouth ... president sawyer I say , I be stick with the pen . and he pull the treaty signing pen from he coat and stab bishop in the neck with it ! Bishop scream , rear back against the resolute desk claw at he neck . as mott level he gun to kill Emily and the President both , we hear a engine roar . mott look up in time to see a black suv - ripping through the Rose Garden , come straight for they . cale at the wheel . we barely have time to process what 's about to happen before 130 . the suv smashes through the front window and into the oval office ! Bishop diving out of the way , the desk obliterate as it slam into mott and drive he into the far wall , crush he ! Water gush from burst pipe and spark shoot from socket ! part of the roof collapse onto the suv ! int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER the whole room , scream at raphelson : colonel janowitz 45 second to target ! pilot be remove fire triggers ! finnerty somebody just drive a goddamn car into the oval Office , do not do this ! colonel janowitz Sir , I need a go / no go for payload delivery ! int . white house - oval office - morning Bishop tear the pen from he neck and swing he arm out wildly , grab Emily up as cale collapse out of the vehicle into the ruin office of the Chief executive ! Bishop press the gun to Emily 's head , as cale bring he own pistol up , training it on he ! silence . mexican stand -off . neither man move . in the distance , the roar of jet engine approach ... Bishop open he mouth . bishop I be go to count to - blam-blam-blam ! cale pull the trigger . Bishop pitch back over , hole in he chest . cale Three . cale fall to he knee as Emily run to he . wrapping she arm around he . emily daddy ! 131 . cale hug she tight right back ... ext . f- 15's ( flying ) - morning Roaring over the potomac , come up on the White House ... int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning colonel janowitz 10 second , go / no go ! raphelson close he eye . God forgive he . raphelson go. int . white house - oval office - morning cale turn to the hole in the wall to see the jet approach . shove Emily towards it . too weak to follow . cale run , honey ! she look back at he . cale ( cont 'd ) go , I be right behind you ! Emily look up at the jet , and suddenly know what 's about to happen . she scoops up the fall american flag on the office floor and run . cale collapse to the floor . watch she go . at least she will be safe ... int . f-15 cockpit ( flying ) - morning the pilot arming the weapon system , finger move to the trigger ... pilot drop in 5 , 4 , 3 ... he squint as he see a little girl on the White House lawn . twirl , do a flag girl routine . Red , white , and blue flutter in the breeze . pilot ( cont 'd ) abort , abort , abort ! 132 . ext . white house - morning the F - 15 's break formation , scream over the structure ! weapon intact . int . pentagon - bunker command CENTER - morning colonel janowitz we have negative impact , repeat , no weapon release on target . raphelson open he eye . raphelson what ? janowitz listen to the phone , then : colonel janowitz Sir , we be get multiple report in now that the hostage have reach the police barricade and be say that Castle have be retaken . I ... ( pause ; listen ) the White House be secure . the entire room burst into cheer ! hug and tear ! raphelson , stunne . finnerty squeeze he hand . it 's over . int . white house - oval office - morning Emily step back into the wreckage of the oval to find she father propped up against the remain of the desk . he smile at she . she shrug , a little self conscious . emily you want to see my flag twirling ... cale you be beautiful , baby . you save we . emily you come back for I . cale always . she hug he again . cough from the other side of the room . they look . sawyer , watch they . smiling . cough . 133 . president sawyer do you drive a car through my office ? cale yes , sir . president sawyer we have door , you know . cale a lot more now . the President laugh . president sawyer gonna take awhile to fix this place up . emily you can come stay with we . cale ( look at she ) we ? emily yeah . he hug she close . outside on the lawn , various emergency vehicle gather and chopper land . cale medic ! we need a medic in here ! a medical team rush in . cale and Emily step back as they swarm the President . task he vital , start a iv ... cale take a offer blanket and wrap it around Emily 's shoulder and they step out onto ext . white house - rose garden - morning Fire helicopter hover , dousing the top two floor of the White House with fire- retardent foam . dozen of news chopper circle . Marines set a perimeter around the building . cale and Emily walk through the fray , almost forget . until finnerty ( 0.s. ) cale ! 134 . cale turn to see finnerty step off a helicopter . they eye meet . so different than they be a few hour ago . smiling as she approach . for a moment they do not even know what to say . then finnerty step forward and hug he . place a small kiss on he cheek . emily so , do he have the job ? finnerty look over to the gurney carry the President out of the oval , then smile . finnerty that depend . do he have any reference ? behind she , cale see raphelson step off a chopper . flanke by military aide , he march grim face towards the White House . cale what 's go on ? finnerty he could have turn back the air strike and do not . he 's take it hard . and ... she hesitates . cale and what ? finnerty we just find out the fifty million in Bishop 's account come from a iranian cut -out . this be state sponsor terrorism . cale watch raphelson step through the ruin facade into what 's leave of the oval Office . cale what 's he go to do ? finnerty retaliate . 135 . int . white house - west wing corridor - morning raphelson march through the ruin hall . stepping through glass and debris , over fall body . raphelson somebody clean that up . headed for ... int . white house - situation room - day empty , now that the terrorist be go . raphelson step over humphry body as he enter . exhales . raphelson God forgive we for what we be about to do . he look to the naval aide carry the nuclear football . raphelson ( cont 'd ) open it . naval aide Sir ? raphelson we country have be attack by a rogue nuclear state , I have discuss it with my advisor and this be go to be we course of response ; my presidential authorization code be 9983452776301 , now open the football . the Naval aide program the code into the keypad lock . the tumbler click . open . Inside the nuclear football , a manilla envelope , a phone handset with a red light , and a small thumb -pad . naval aide place you finger on the pad , sir . raphelson do . a pin-prick draw a drop of blood . naval aide ( cont 'd ) DNA verification , should not take more than a few second . the light on the handset turn green . the Naval aide pick up the phone and hand it to raphelson . 136 . naval aide ( cont 'd ) this be a direct line to centcom - would you please read the target package into the phone , sir ? the aide open the manilla folder for he and raphelson read . raphelson this be the President . target package be as follow - the city of Tehran , mashhad , isfahan , and tabriz . from the football : centcom commander ( 0.s. ) target package be confirm , sir . the release of nuclear weapon fall under the two man rule - the Secretary of Defense must confirm you order in order to launch . raphelson the Secretary of Defense go down on Air Force one . I be here with the Assistant Secretary who be hold hostage in the White House . Mr. Secretary ? he offer the phone to a short balding man who look terrify . a beat . the Assistant Secretary take it . centcom commander ( 0.s. ) Mr. Secretary , do you confirm the President 's order ? assistant secretary of defense I do , sir . centcom commander ( 0.s. ) will you please read I you corresponding launch code alphanumerically ? raphelson crack open a plastic laminate card - " the biscuit " which contain the launch code . reading . raphelson bravo Victor tango Seven niner Zulu Charlie . centcom commander ( 0.s. ) Mr. Secretary ? 137 . assistant secretary of defense bravo Victor tango Seven niner Zulu Charlie . I concur , sir . centcom commander ( 0.s. ) Mr. President , you be authorize the release of strategic thermonuclear weapon on the country of Iran . do you so confirm this order ? raphelson I do . centcom commander ( 0.s. ) missile be be spun up . we will need final launch confirmation in two minute - six ? cale ( 0.s. ) ir ? this voice from the door . John cale . raphelson blink . raphelson John . jesus. lady and gentleman , this be John cale , the hero of the day . cale I need a moment alone with the speaker . raphelson can it wait ? ( gesture to the football ) we be a little busy here - cale Bishop have help , sir . someone on the outside . raphelson look at he . raphelson give we the room . secret service agent ( uncomfortable ) Sir - 138. raphelson he 's my secret service , for chrissake . Fair enough . the other file out . leave the two man alone . nuclear football on the table between they . raphelson ( cont 'd ) Emily okay ? cale eye the blink football . cale nuclear holocaust in the Middle East ? raphelson you think it make I happy ? they try to destroy we country today . cale do they ? he slowly move around the table . cale ( cont 'd ) see the whole board , be not that what you tell I ? on raphelson . do not like he tone . raphelson John , I be go to have to ask you to come to the point - cale how do you assassinate a President without make it look like a assassination ? raphelson stare at he . cale ( cont 'd ) you pay a man who 's get nothing to lose . you send in a team of terrorist with ridiculous demand , you shoot down Air Force one , you make it about everything but assassination , so when the smoke clear , no one realize that you have clear the line of succession and ascend to throne . 139 . raphelson have go very still . raphelson that 's quite a story . cale do I a favor and do not deny it . raphelson what about Iran ? cale you never want the peace Accord . you pay Bishop , you tell he this be about data-farm . you make it look like the money come from Iran . you frame he to get you war . raphelson this war be come no matter what . this way we save 10 year in the desert and thousand of american life . we end it with one shot . cale you commit treason . raphelson you think I hurt this country ? raphelson pick up the tv remote and click it on . CNN show people gather all over the country . candlelight vigil . people come together , comforting one another . raphelson ( cont 'd ) this unify they . one nation , indivisible once more . United behind a common goal . today make we stronger than ever . cale under you , right ? let I guess , the President 's go to mysteriously succumb to he wound at Bethesda . raphelson you be look at the President , son . cale you be under arrest . 140 . raphelson I do not think so . the football squawk : centcom commander ( 0.s. ) Sir , we need final codeword conformation for launch . raphelson reach for the handset . cale draw he gun . raphelson what be you gonna do ? shoot the President ? there be a thousand Marines outside that door and no one will believe you . cale why not ? raphelson because you be nobody . despite you heroic today , in the end you be just a shell shocked little shit and I be the President of the United States ! president sawyer ( 0.s. ) no , you be not . raphelson turn to see finnerty wheeling a very much awake sawyer in a wheelchair . he look at cale in disbelief . President sawyer pick up the handset for the football . president sawyer ( cont 'd ) this be President sawyer , cancel all launch preparation and return we to defcon 2 . centcom commander ( 0.s. ) Roger that , sir . raphelson but - but , you can not ! I be the President now ! president sawyer then consider this a coup de 'tat . take he onto custody . 141 . finnerty move to he when raphelson scream , pull the gun she give he from he pocket , levelling it at the President ... blam ! cale fire once . the bullet rip through raphelson 's leave thigh . he go down scream . president sawyer ( cont 'd ) hurt , do not it ? the door fly open as everyone else rush in at the sound of the shot . sawyer nod to raphelson . president sawyer ( cont 'd ) please place the speaker of the House under arrest . raphelson ( moan ) I need a hospital ... president sawyer prison have hospital , do not they ? finnerty yes , sir . president sawyer all right , then . take he away . ( to cale ) and you . be not this you day off ? cale yes , sir . president sawyer then what be you still do here ? go take you daughter to lunch . cale smile . cale thank you , sir . he turn to the door . we depart with he , leave the President give order , back in charge : president sawyer General , get I the President of Iran on the phone ... 142 . ext . white house - morning cale and finnerty step out through the ruin oval Office and walk across the wreckage strewn South lawn with Emily . finnerty I have be think . cale yeah ? finnerty you be the worst secret service agent ever . cale how do you figure ? finnerty the President be shot once in you care , you just shot another President in the leg , and although I can not prove it conclusively , I be pretty sure you set fire to the White House . cale well when you say it all out loud like that ... finnerty laugh . the three of they walk on . all of Washington DC laid out in front of they . smoke rise , but already a sense of community . people pull together , a city rebuild . Emily grasp she father 's hand . emily let 's go home . we begin to pull up and back . the building behind they look different . batter , miss some piece . but it 's still the White House . a pair of F - 15s roar overhead , fly combat Air patrol over we Nation 's Capital . safe once more . roll credit fade out