dear white people written by Justin Simien revised : August 21st , 2013 1 news broadcast - various screen , various place 1 anchor a " race war " have erupt at one of the nation 's oldest and most prestigious institution . glue to this be we story 's subject , who we meet in ... 2 a series of shot 2 troy fairbank , 21 , Black . he drag a brush through he finger wave anxiously . the look of guilt be the only mark of imperfection in he privileged and chisele demeanor . anchor ( o.s. ) outrage over a " African american theme " party organize by predominately white student of Manchester University have result in rioting and property damage . 2a kurt fletcher , 21 , white . no sympathy in he jade blue 2a eye as he watch on a iPad in a lavish parlor room . anchor ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) guest be invite to " liberate they inner negro , fry up chicken , enjoy a sugar water concoction know as purple drank and wear oversize Barack Obama t-shirt . " 2b colandrea conner ( coco ) , 20 , Black with blue contact 2b adjust the straight bang of she weave to better see the small tv in she dorm . a smirk on she glossy pink lip . * anchor ( cont 'd ) official claim a investigation be underway to find that responsible for the event and subsequent riot . 2c samantha white ( SAM ) 21 , record the broadcast in a 2c edit bay . despite she light skin , the afro pick in she for pompadour leave little doubt she identify as Black . anchor ( cont 'd ) in a effort to address diversity issue , the school appoint African american scholar Dr. walter fairbank as Dean of student . 2d lionel higgins , 20 , Black , watch through dark rimmed 2d glass in a bustling indifferent dining Hall . a guilt pain he otherwise boyish face . 2 . anchor ( cont 'd ) last year the Dean 's office celebrate slight gain in diverse applicant but with many now call for fairbank ' resignation , that may have be pre-mature . 2e dean walter fairbank , a well adorn Black man in he 2e 50 's fight a panic as he watch in a stately office . anchor ( cont 'd ) up next , a cat that love to water ski ? that and more after the break . dean fairbank how could this happen ? title card : five week ago 3 ext . manchester university - day 3 this sprawling impressive mix of Colonial , gothic and modern architecture be present like a live brochure . superimpose : manchester university - " nosce te ipsum " as we cut through the live brochure , we be present with group and program . they crest and title superimposed . series of shot - top academic program 3a White kid with " trump " blazer and glare - desmond 3a school of business . 3b kid with dark eye circle and unkempt hair stand before 3b the bing school of history . 3c a cluster of skinny jeans and expressive hand before the 3c goodman media school . one black kid stand in the back . SAM ( v.o. ) dear White people . the minimum requirement of Black friend need to not seem racist have just be raise to two . 4 int . studio booth - day 4 samantha White ( Sam ) watch the campus through a one way window with the cool but know gaze of someone much older . she get off on sense and push button - with a subversive delivery style that border on deadpan . superimpose : samantha white , senior , visual and new media 3. SAM ( cont 'd ) sorry , but you weed man tyrone do not count . she fade in jazz on she control board and lean back to address a box of pamphlet size book bear the title " ebony and ivy : a survival guide . " one by one she scribbles she autograph on the book . 5 ext . ellington library - day 5 series of shot - nationally renowned student group dishevel caffeinate writer of the manchester bugle . 5a casual prepster shoot we the finger - pastiche humor inc . 5 a 5b hopping out of a taxi be lionel higgins . his sweet but 5 B insecure nature as plain as the unkempt for on he head . superimpose : lionel higgins , junior , philosophy undeclare student shove past he - one even slap a flyer into he already full hand . lionel 's a guppy . the kind that get eat alive in a tank of shark . as lionel get to the door of a large Colonial style home he check he pocket . he 's miss something . shit . lionel ( knock ) kurt ! you home ? lionel dial on he cell and we hear the phone ring from inside . voicemail pop on with a voice other than lionel 's . answering machine hey boyssss , you have reach lionel higginsss , the only bitch on campussss who will give you a dickssscount . that 's right hunty , the bigger the dick the less you will have to pay I to ssssuck it . the beep sound . lionel 's in shock . should he hang up ? or ... lionel kurt . it 's lionel . I be lock out . as lionel slide down the length of the door into a sit he unfold the flyer he be just hand . it 's a rendering of Sam White on a carton of milk with the caption : " missing black culture - SAM white to bring it black " 4. 6 ext . manchester row - day 6 Signs scream out " orientation " as jazz music waft from the laptop of a group of neo beatniks . as the music fade ... SAM ( o.s. ) dear White people , apparently Morgan Freeman in " deep Impact " be not enough . despite two term Obama could cure Cancer and somewhere White folk will be embroil in protest . and he 's only half Black . gabe , 24 , white and ruggedly handsome in spite of he shaggy hair and " laundry day " flip flop clad ensemble , catch the end of this as he pass - grab he cell phone and dial ... 7 int . studio booth - day 7 ... Sam press a button next to a red light on she control . SAM talk to I . intercut with gabe walk about on campus . gabe what would you say if someone start a dear Black people ? SAM ( recognize the voice ) no need . mass media from Fox News to reality tv on vh1 make it clear what white people think of we . 8 ext . manchester court - day 8 series of shot - popular residence hall Manchester 's white and rich elite before bechet house . 8a athlete of many discipline before webster house . 8a 8b a eclectic group of Black student with some latino and 8b a sprinkle of white before armstrong / parker house . coco ( v.o . ) I be fuck piss ... 5 . 11 int . conference room - day 11 colandrea conner ( Coco ) train she unnaturally blue eye right at we from a youtube page pull up on a iPad . she 's get a entitle air about she . even she cuss sound erudite . coco ( youtube ) ... I be ! the whole point of randomize housing be to mix shit up . I be out here try to find the olivier to my halle Berry , and they have get I look like a extra on a different World ... the video end with a click . look up be helmut west , a 30 's something Black man in dark rimmed glass and trendy everything . too stylish for this place . if he 's impressed , it 's barely perceptible . helmut you call you youtube show " do time at a ivy League ? " he stare right at Coco , there in the flesh . coco in my second year of a four year sentence . want to go to New York . superimpose : colandrea coco conner , sophomore , economics helmut yeah ? and do what ? coco thing my mama teach I not to . you know get in a lot of trouble and become famous for it . but ala I do not get into tisch ... helmut armstrong / parker ? that you rooming assignment ? coco traditionally it 's where the hopelessly afrocentric gather to process they guilt over not go to a hbcu . ( off Helmut 's look ) where the negros be at . helmut that 's not where you want to be ? 6 . coco bechet House be more my style . helmut with the rich white kid . coco Excuse I ? helmut what part of Chicago you from ? coco hyde Park . helmut what street ? coco seventy eighth and -- helmut -- seventy eighth be southside sweetheart . and you know what they say . you can take the girl out the hood but -- coco -- ai not nothing hood about I . helmut thanks so much for come in . Coco get up to leave . tries to recover . coco so what 's this show about anyway ? helmut here 's the way reality work sweetheart , I be the producer . I ask the question . be in touch . and with that Helmut hustle Coco out . he sit and ponder before unmute he iPad . SAM ( o.s. ) dear White people I be here to burst you post- racial little bubble . ( more ) 7. SAM ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) yes Oprah may have she own network , but Ann coulter be still write best seller , Black kid be still get shot for wear hoodies , and even here the few vestige of Black culture be under attack by conservative group , trustee and yes we very own President fletcher . Helmut double check he app fight a genuine grin . helmut this be the school radio ? 13 int . armstrong / parker hall - day 13 a pristine pair of retro jordan make they way through the hall of armstrong / parker where Black student have lively debate , flirt and bump the student radio . SAM ( o.s. ) dear White people , thanks to the new process of randomize housing assignment for sophomore , some of you may be jarre by a assignment to armstrong / parker house . the owner of the jordan be reveal as Troy fairbank . troy someone turn that trash off . superimpose : troy fairbank , senior , political science even with he post workout sweat he look like the cover of jet. Troy exude " approachable homie " as he spot a small group of white sophomore who walk timidly down the hall . troy ( cont 'd ) newbie right ? the white sophomore nod they head yes . troy ( cont 'd ) welcome to armstrong / parker , home of the dopest dining hall in all of Manchester . I be Troy , head of House . sophomore what 's up my brother ? 8. SAM ( o.s. ) when encounter a Black person try and stay calm . do not say thing like " what 's up " and " my brotha " that 's not how you normally talk . troy ya will take care . Nice Jordan 's bro . Coco and sofia fletcher , a dewy -ey , pink lipped brunette who exude a kind of sexy boredom saunter down the hall . sofia you hair be so cute B. T. dub . coco you be so cute . sofia be it weave ? Coco 's face be a battle between fury and polite surprise . sofia ( cont 'd ) I see " good Hair " in afro study . coco ( move on ) hey what house do you get ? sofia huh ? oh bechet bitch . coco of course . the mere think of a fletcher anywhere else ... sofia easy , it be the luck of the draw . daddy have nothing to do with it . Coco roll she eye behind a smile . sofia ( cont 'd ) and honestly , if I have to pick anywhere to be it would be here . sofia eye the delicious morsel of chocolate boy about . coco I be down to switch if you be . you get you denzel . I get my gosl . 9 . sofia oh I get mine . want to meet he ? they turn the corner to spot Troy greeting more new sophomore . Coco 's catch off guard by he look . coco cute ... ( off sofia 's jealous glance ) ...for a Black boy . Troy see sofia and flash he trademark grin . they kiss . sofia hey boo . this be my friend Coco . she 's new to the house . troy hey I be Troy . welcome to armstrong / parker , home of the dopest -- sofia -- be we on duty ? troy head of House be always on duty . coco Nice to meet you . I should get settle . thanks sof ! sofia and Troy smile as Coco turn to go - and continue down the hallway . Coco sneak one last glance at Troy 's ass . troy think I get time for a quick cut ? sofia you get it cut last week . troy it 's a Black thing babe . sofia since when be ocd a Black thang ? troy do not say " thang " like that . sofia besides you have get a shift at the politico booth , then a shift at orientation , then you advisor -- 10 . troy -- I will just wear a hat . sofia then a movie maybe ? just we ? troy Election night . Babe , come on . sofia hold she tongue . Troy ignore this as he spot ... troy ( cont 'd ) yo , kurt my man . 14 dine room - continuous 14 ... kurt fletcher - flanke by guy who share he cynical know glare . we recognize they from the " pastiche " portrait from before . as they chow down on Mac &amp ; cheese in the dining Hall - kurt 's glare burn particularly hot towards Troy who wave at he . kurt sis . sofia smile at she brother kurt . Troy cover the sting of he dismissal . they both spot Sam 's " miss : Black culture " flyer . troy be she kid with this ? sofia you do not have to run again . just because it 's she do not mean -- troy -- I can not let Sam and she wannabe Black panther take the House . the House need I . this be who I be . sofia it 's who he want you to be . Troy smile over he irritation . this be a old fight . troy oh so you pick up a psych class you think you Freud or something ? huh ? sofia a Freud reference . sophisticate . 11 . troy ( seduce ) Fine beck , jung , maslow ... Troy get a kiss out of she as they pass a booth feature stack of Sam 's " ebony &amp ; ivy . " the booth be manned by reggie , 21 , Black - he for top and preppy punk attire be both bohemian and radical . Troy glare at Sam 's picture on the book . it 's on . there 's a history between Sam and Troy . off Reggie 's laptop we hear ... SAM ( o.s. ) dear White people , this just in . date a Black person to piss off you parent be a form of racism . sofia walk off as Troy hear snicker from around he . reggie yo Troy I forget . be you major in shuck or be it jiving ? troy my major 's in jive . minore in shuck . you be still majore in try to fuck my leave over right ? Troy walk off as Reggie and kurt watch he join sofia . sofia you need a shower . 15 int . troy's bathroom - day 15 Water run while Troy take a hit of weed from a pipe over the toilet . he blow the smoke out a open window through a paper towel tube with a dryer sheet attach to its end . he jot something down on a notepad as he whisper ... troy you go from odb to Trey songz ... 16 int . armstrong / parker dine hall - night 16 the hall be pack with student - stylish and mostly Black . Helmut West watch from the back . troy artie , you know you success ratio with the lady go up like thirty percent after I start edging you up dog , come on . you go from odb to Trey songz ! 12. the audience be in stitch at this last line . everyone except Sam , Reggie and they crew of afro would bohemian disciple ( who we will call the bofros ) . Sam record the proceedings with a vintage Super 8 camera . reggie that 's he platform ? haircuts ? SAM oofta be as oofta do . Coco , sneak through the door . she 's get the eye of Helmut on she . what be he do here ? as Coco break eye contact she sit in the only open spot next to ... SAM ( cont 'd ) just because we be color do not mean we run on color people time . coco boycot hot comb do not make you a expert on " color people " boo . Coco waft she silky hair over she shoulder and sit . troy no but seriously , I care about you guy . I care about this house . we have a great year last year and if it be not break ... Troy bask in he applause . Coco eat he up with she eye . Sam do not want to get up - she breathe get heavier . reggie just pretend like you be in the booth . just you and the mic . SAM hate this shit . as Sam get up and pass Troy -- troy you really think you can take this from I ? SAM Troy we live in a world where there 's a Big momma 's House 3 . I do not have a chance in hell . thank god. 13. Sam grab the mic . her voice shake before the silent crowd . SAM ( cont 'd ) Troy my brother , it 's break . the bofros cheer and make noise on each line . SAM ( cont 'd ) Troy 's a legacy kid . and yet it 's under he watch that armstrong / parker , the bastion of Black culture here be gut . by the randomization of house Act . second year of color no longer have a say in where they go . the culture that 's be fostere in this house for two decade will be wipe out in two year . Troy look to see if the speech be work . as Sam warm up -- SAM ( cont 'd ) this be not motivate by a desire to mix thing up . bring about racial and socioeconomic harmony . no , the Black kid be sit together in the proverbial cafeteria and they must be up to no good . Coco 's eye be in the back of she head . SAM ( cont 'd ) we sit together to protect ourselves . over a century of house group by sport affiliation , political leaning , major , you name it . Black folk get they own house , suddenly we get a problem ? student look at each other stunne . be they turn ? Sam deliver the next one directly at sofia and Troy . SAM ( cont 'd ) this Act do not affect the other house like it do ours . there be plenty of trustee , former coaches , and president watch out for the other . all we have be a Dean who would rather please he massa -- troy -- yo that 's enough of that Sam -- 14 . SAM -- then stand up for he own . look , I know ya will be not voting for I . ya will be not ready and I do not come here for that . the Black Student Union and I have bring a petition to repeal the randomization of house Act . I plan on bring it to the President and together we can bring Black back to Manchester . it will be by the door . Sam sit as clap trickle from the crowd . the bofros go crazy - give she dap and all sort of praise . martin , 20 , a gentle erudite giant of a football player with neat braid tuck under a fedora raise a hand . martin I assume everyone have the app I create by now ? reggie ( aside ) it 's a child 's app ... martin good . vote may commence . everyone take out smart phone . Reggie hide he from view as he punch something in . Troy spot the white sophomore he greet from before who give he a head nod . Troy 's get this . after a moment ... martin ( cont 'd ) okay . look like we have get ourselves a winner . ( devastate ) Sam White ? the blood drain from Sam 's face and Troy 's smile plummet into the floor as the two turn to look at each other . troy &amp ; SAM oh shit . Reggie 's grin be from ear to ear as Helmut walk over and slip a card to a still stunne Sam . Coco watch he go . 17 int . hallway - night 17 right on the heel of Helmut 's exit be ... 15 . coco so that 's what you be look for ? helmut I be look for good tv sister . coco I think I would be good tv . helmut you be at a great school , get a great education . be good at that . coco I be . and when I graduate early with a economics degree from Manchester it will be the crown achievement of my Black middle class parent ' ambition . helmut Conflict be a commodity in my industry . Sam 's get it . do you ? coco so you want I to start a fight . helmut ( exactly ) I do not want you to do anything you would not otherwise do . Helmut hand she he card . a fire spark in Coco as he exit . he contemplate she . fights a grow smile . 18 int . dean's office - day 18 a fireplace rage behind lionel who stare at the floor while the message play over speaker phone . speaker ... bigger the dick the less you ' will have to pay I to ssssuck it . Dean fairbank 's mind tick away behind a concerned glare . dean fairbank most everything 's lock up , but we will find another residence to move you to . third time 's a charm . ( off lionel 's sigh ) what about armstrong / parker ? 16 . lionel I do not know ... dean fairbank I might have a open . maybe it would be good to be around ... you know . lionel Dean . the worst thing about high school , and believe I it be a long list , be the Black kid . dean fairbank maybe it 's in you head . sure , sometimes we folk can be intolerant around people like you . homo -- lionel -- I do not believe in label . fairbank just smile . this be a sore spot and he back off . lionel glare up at a poster above fairbank 's desk : student of all race on the step of ellington Library include Troy with the phrase " manchester : where you belong " print below . Troy 's huge smile seem to mock he . dean fairbank you like jazz lionel ? Manchester 's like jazz you know . lionel this be a research school . dean fairbank and jazz be tension . the interplay of improvise solos all create one song . you problem be you have get no instrument . no major , no affiliation , no solo son . lionel I submit article to the independent observer . dean fairbank no one read the independent observer , my point be be you play swing or bebop ? lionel you be mixing metaphor . 17 . dean fairbank be you a sax or be you a trumpet ? lionel I hate jazz . fairbank check he watch . all out of idea . dean fairbank I will do what I can . not a word of this in the observer okay ? lionel what 's it matter ? no one read it . 19 ext . manchester - day 19 lionel walk alone through the buzzing campus . he look out to .. ...a group of black kide . he see a version of himself amongst they - he hair a finger wave ceasar fade , as he trade " no homo 's " with the other . lionel shake it off . peer over to a group of out and proud gay kid and see a version of himself amongst they - he hair straighten and coif in a fitte shirt laugh . not right either . where do he fit ? by surprise ... GEORGE lionel right ? GEORGE pierce , 24 , a intellectual whose tattooe quote from nietzsche peek out seductively from under he button up . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) George . we have civ last semester ? how you do ? lionel grood ... Gate ... I be ah .. GEORGE fan of you stuff . in the observer ? lionel no one read the observer . GEORGE you see this ? George hand lionel Sam 's " miss Black Culture " flyer . 18. GEORGE ( cont 'd ) the resident of armstrong / parker just make she head of house . be I crazy or be there a there there ? lionel what make you come over here ? George hold up Sam 's " ebony &amp ; ivy . " lionel take it . lionel ( cont 'd ) I mean I be glad you come -- GEORGE -- my staff ? God bless they . they be whiter than Michael Jackson 's kid . we be fuck if anyone of they write this story and I will not let the transfer at the gazette do it first . lionel the oldest one have he face . GEORGE you be in the Black Student Union . you probably know Sam . lionel shake he head " yes " and " no " at the same time . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you come up with a good angle ? I want it in the bugle . lionel eye the bold " bugle " logo on George 's shirt . lionel ( aside ) trumpet ... GEORGE bugle . focus . the only paper on campus with a national subscription base and a advisor from the New York Times ? only so many way a person can distinguish themselves at a place like this lionel . you be good . you belong with we . the way lionel fight the smile creep up he face - we know he 's never hear this word . never belong any place . do not hurt there 's a handsome boy smile at he either . 19 . 20 int . armstrong / parker dine hall - day 20 Troy and Sam sit across from each other at a table . they opposite face laptop and a world of tension put a wall between they . troy get it yet ? Sam shake she head yes . troy ( cont 'd ) good . you have now get the share calendar , contact , and official email . Troy throw a smirk she way before pull out a thick stack of papers . troy ( cont 'd ) oh and before I forget . SAM event request for the year ? troy just this month . they need you approval . also do not forget to pick you office hour . at least 20 per week . SAM that 's absurd . troy you be in charge of a hundred resident now . and they need time to complain to you face . about noise . leaky pipe . gluten free option in the cafeteria . etcetera . SAM Troy . I do not think I be go to win . troy and by the way petition the President on the randomization of house Act be not gonna do shit . none of the other house be concerned . 20 . SAM because they all have a legacy of rich and powerful ally on the board who will make sure that " random " work out to they advantage . troy and you think a petition be go to change that ? Troy get up to leave as Reggie sit - suspicious . Sam 's phone buzze : " mom . " the letter chill Sam to the core . 21 int . armstrong / parker - day 21 lionel step he way through the hall , a deer in headlight with a notepad . he flip through Sam 's " ebony &amp ; ivy " book ... SAM ( v.o. ) the armstrong / parker dining hall be the epicenter of Black culture as it stand at Manchester . only here can you commiserate , celebrate and discuss everything from kanye West lyric to theoretical relativism all in one sit . not to mention find someone who can actually do you hair . armstrong / parker dine hall - continuous lionel enter and take a place in a line . he absorb this lively and somewhat alien dining hall . Troy now hold court near the window at a table of eight or so friend include Martin and sungmi , a lip ringed Korean art major . martin " we wuz rob . " that election be suspect man . Martin glare at Reggie and he giant soupe - up laptop . Sam break this by sit back down - she phone call end . SAM you call I the minute there 's a update . Love you too mom . Sam hang up . the call 's really put she in a bad place . she sit at a table of she bofros - who we will name by they hair . 21 . curl there be one other sister in my relativity class , I will be damned if we professor do not call I laretta every God damn time . dread we all look the same . reggie programm professor get I and Martin here mix up constantly . martin you should be so lucky . Reggie glance over at Martin 's Mac Air . reggie cute . you get that at toy R we ? Sam pull out she Mac and she student id card . reggie ( cont 'd ) you still use you id number ? SAM I always forget password . reggie you be begging to get hack . SAM good thing the one evil techno - genius think like that be on my side . Sam push aside all the paperwork on she table . SAM ( cont 'd ) so this be what the revolution look like ? Office hour and paperwork . Sam pull she camera out - start to shoot the room . reggie win be a happy accident . we want the reform repeal right ? curl means to a end , sister . 22. Sam feel the heat of she disciple ' eye on she as the topic of the day rage on with the entrance of Coco , who sit with a group of well manicure hot-iron group of girl , white and Black . coco the talented tenth always have to bust its ass a little bit harder , but I do not see the benefit in blame white folk for everything . curl who 's blame ? troy I do not see the issue . I never have one . never run into any lynch mob . lionel take a seat alone face the action . kurt and crew enter with plate of mac and cheese and sit in the heart of the conversation . lionel avoid eye contact . SAM Lynch mob be still there . just be - brand itself . troy as what pray tell ? reggie the Republican party . SAM want to know how this world see you ? go to a Young Republican 's meeting and bring up Welfare . sungmi or Immigration . lionel ( aside ) or gay equality . kurt bullshit . martin I agree . get something to add ? kurt the biggest athlete , movie star , hell you president be Black . ( more ) 23. kurt ( cont 'd ) sometimes I think the hardest thing to be in the american work force right now be a educate white guy . sungmi you be not serious . kurt you guy still get affirmative action , you be set . reggie this shit . SAM what be you do in here ? kurt Obama . leader of the free world get into Harvard on affirmative action . know who 's not president right now ? the guy that do not get in . SAM on behalf of the color folk in the room , let I apologize for all the better qualified white student whose place we be take up . kurt chuckle - a bit turn on by the argument . SAM ( cont 'd ) you get lose ? bechet be that way . kurt yeah but what other dining hall give you chicken and waffle ? dear White people right ? funny stuff . how have not we staff you yet ? SAM on pastiche ? you uninspired humor magazine ? kurt we be a lot more than a magazine sweetie . snl staff be basically half lampoon , half pastiche . just like the network comedy . a flash of envy come over Troy and Coco . 24 . SAM what give you clubhouse kid the right to come to we dining Hall ? kurt eat a exaggerated scoop of mac and cheese . SAM ( cont 'd ) you do not live here . martin Sam ? what be you do ? SAM you can not eat here . kurt eye this new adversary . enjoy a good challenge . troy chill Sam damn . let the man -- kurt &amp ; SAM -- I get this . kurt who be you to put I out ? SAM ( realize ) I be the head of this house . and I be do thing my way . Sam shoot this last one to Martin . kurt roll he eye to which Sam slam he tray to the ground . lionel scribbles down note furiously on a notepad . kurt you get any idea who you be -- SAM -- yeah , I know who you daddy be . the same one who 's be push to break up this House for a decade . what 's wrong ? be he scared let the negroes gather in group might start a rebellion on the plantation ? you tell he from I ... he should be . kurt look into Sam 's eye and then he crew . they want out . kurt bad move . 25 . kurt lead he crew out of the dining hall draw a slight snicker from lionel which draw Sam 's eye right to he . something spark in lionel . he take out he phone and text to GEORGE : " I have get the angle . I be in . " SAM you too . lionel I ? SAM be this you house ? lionel sink - the eye of everyone in the room on he . Sam sit back down as a trickle of clap grow to a steady applause . Troy and he table look around baffle . by the caution on Sam 's face it seem the first time she 's ever hear this sound direct at she . a slight envy boil in Coco . one last look to the room from lionel before he slip out . lock out again . 23 int . coco's room - day 23 Coco scroll Sam 's " dear White people " youtube page . 75 k subscriber . she press play on the latest video . SAM ( o.s. ) dear White people , stop dance . two second . 600 k view . coco the fuck ? Coco exit and open she own " time at a ivy league " page . 2 k subscriber . her latest video be at 10 k view . alright ... she press record . let 's the camera rest on she briefly ... coco ( cont 'd ) muffins . I hate to do it , but imma have to get real Black with you . ( come to mind ) so the other day , a girl have the nerve to fix she mouth and ask I if my hair be weave . ( after a moment ) weave . weave bitch ? ( more ) 26 . coco ( cont 'd ) first of all if you be go to fix you mouth to ask I something like that , say it right please ? it 's weave . noun. present tense . second of all do not assume just because you see a sister with some hair it 's a weave . be it ? clearly . if a bitch could grow straight indian hair directly out she own head I would not have just overdraft my account pay for this shit but that be not you business . be that you lip sweetie ? sweet heart be that really you skin ? this white girl and this tan I swear to God , they be start to look darker than I . Coco pause it . her mouse hover over the check box next to " private . " instead she play it back ... and hit " publish . " she click back through to Sam 's last video and hit " reply . " as the red light on she computer 's web cam turn green ... coco ( cont 'd ) dear White people . what do I think about it ? 24 int . screening room - day 24 Sam with arm fold watch as gabe ( Sam 's caller from earlier ) press play on a dvd . horrify student watch ... ...a Black and white 1920 's style silent movie , complete with dialogue card and dramatic piano music . series of shot - on the screen a ) obama speak at a debate B ) dialogue card : " we be the change that we seek . " C ) a family in white - face go ape-shit D ) dialogue card : " he's reading off a teleprompter !!!!!! " E ) more intercut footage of Obama speak with actor in white - face reacting . until ... F ) dialogue card : obama win a second term ! G ) a white -face crowd go nut in the street - scream into camera - loot building and shoot themselves in the head . 27 . h ) dialogue Card : " fin " professor bodkin , late 40s , with a " see it all before " demeanor hide a grin and let the room settle . professor bodkin okay . do anyone have any comment for Sam 's " rebirth of a Nation ? " all of the kid be too scared to comment . except ... professor bodkin ( cont 'd ) gabe , go ahead . gabe I dig the " silent movie " thing , but it 's a little self - congratulatory . Light on story and frankly thematically dubious . professor bodkin okay . anybody else ? SAM what ? same place - moment later as student filter out of the class ... professor bodkin Sam ? SAM before you say anything might I remind you that I sit through birth of a Nation , go with the wind , and tarantino week without protest . professor bodkin and might I remind you that I read all fifteen page of you unsolicite essay on why gremlin be actually about suburban white fear of Black culture . SAM the gremlin be loud , talk in slang , be addict to fry chicken and freak out when you get they hair wet . 28 . president bodkin my only problem with you movie be that it be late . the silent project be last semester Sam . you be suppose to have email you sound treatment over summer . SAM I have be get footage . professor bodkin this be you senior thesis Sam , where the hell be you head at ? SAM I have get Radio , bsu , this head of House thing -- professor bodkin -- do you want this ? Cause if not , do not waste my time here -- Sam pull out the Super 8 camera from she satchel . SAM -- look this thing might as well be my right hand Professor . I be busy this summer that 's all . professor bodkin with everything but you major ? while you peer be take internships , make short film ... SAM my dad . he 's sick . have to go home . professor bodkin if you need some time off , take it . but if you want to make it to next semester -- SAM -- I do -- professor bodkin -- pull it together . this be Manchester . Sam want this . it 's in she eye as she hold she tongue . 25 ext . manchester university - day 25 Sam exit the theater and spot gabe talk to some guy . 29 . SAM thematically dubious ? gabe well what be that suppose to be about exactly ? SAM you be thematically dubious ! gabe roll he eye and catch up with she . SAM ( cont 'd ) since when do of 's give critique ? gabe you invoke minstrelsy for shock value , but to what end ? SAM to invoke the same feel I get when I turn on the tv and see some so -called reality star shuck and jive for rating egge on by no doubt white producer . or the sassy Black secretary with no backstory or character development aside from they skin color . gabe so it 's a tit for tat ? * ext . goodman media school 2 - day * SAM * you be honestly say that art * can not be reactionary ? * gabe * you be reacting to a work make * almost a hundred year ago . * SAM * yes because fear of Black man be * involved in the United States * government be a completely * antiquated concept . no social * relevance whatsoever today . * gabe * frankly I just think sometimes its * better to hold a mirror up to you * audience than to drop a * ideological piano over they head . * 30 . SAM * frankly I just think work that * deal with the African diaspora * through a post- modern lens be * outright reject unless they be * handle by a white artist . * gabe * African diaspora ? really ? * 26 int . davis house - day 26 the war rage as the two continue up a fleet of stair . SAM blackface be alive and well in we culture . who primarily busy hip hop ? watch housewive of Atlanta ? the same homogenize image of Black people over and over again ? White people gabe . gabe who go to see Tyler perry movie ? SAM we be a underf community . none of this change the fact that the vibrancy , the complexity of Black culture have be distil into commodity and marketing scheme to be buy and sell -- gabe -- to the detriment of the so call " real thing . " get it . and into a room ... int . gabe room - continuous gabe slam the door . SAM I be indistinguishable from the so call " urban " image use to amuse and market to white America . gabe and the commodification of culture be uniquely oppressive to Black people ? 31 . Sam nod fervently as gabe grab and unbutton she jeans . gabe ( cont 'd ) so when kanye rap about Louis V and rolex and classical Art , exactly what exploit pocket of Black America be that reference be mine from ? Sam can not get she shirt off fast enough . SAM on you knee . gabe kneel below frame as Sam close she eye in ecstacy . CUT to black . 27a int . gabe room - evening 27a Sam 's eye pop open - a startle scream escape she lip . she 's surprised at first to see gabe beside she in bed , the outside spoon . they be both naked . her pompadour fray . gabe what ? you dream in " cosby " again ? SAM my hair be so straight . my sweater so big . I tell you about that ? Sam 's phone buzze . gabe grab it and see Reggie 's photo pop up . he swallow he envy and hand it to Sam . she do not answer . silence as it hit she voicemail . gabe hey so ... this whole " head of House " thing . congrat ? SAM yeah , it 's ... it 's . gabe weird , right ? never take you as a student politician ... Reggie 's photo again - New voicemail . a regret in Sam 's eye . SAM yeah , well ... Sam roll out of bed . gabe think twice before he ask it . 32 . gabe Sam ? what be we do ? she badly want to give he the answer he want . instead ... SAM Fucking . 28 int . studio booth - day 28 Reggie stare at Sam with star in he eye as she effortlessly address the campus in between bit of jazz . SAM ( v.o. ) dear White people . please stop touch my hair . 29 int . garmin club house - day 29 lionel at a ancient oak dining room table listen to the broadcast over he laptop . make studious notation ... SAM ( v.o. ) do this look like a petting zoo to you ? lionel get a IM : " George : hey handsome , how 's the story ? " to which lionel write : " go great sexy . " lionel delete " sexy " and replace it with " : ) " before hit send . 29a bar divide 29 a across from lionel be kurt flanke by he eager but self conscious right hand gordon - and mitch , swag out varsity crew captain and connoisseur of all thing Black culture . they wear " pastiche " gear , hunch over a glow iPad and scroll through a series of student group photo in the yearbook . kurt stare off into space , turn up the gangsta rap play from a nearby blue tooth speaker . kurt pour shot of Jack which Gordon eye with caution . gordon kurt it 's three . mitch y.o.l.o. my nigga ! everyone take the shot . 33. gordon we do not even have we new staff yet . why be we plan this ? kurt everyone want to be on we staff that 's the easy part . mitch we be go to make staff bid on game night , and the rsvp 's be through the roof for that . kurt yeah but Halloween be we premiere party . the waitlist be already a hundred deep and it 's go to take a lot to outdo this summer . mitch cinco de mayo be epic . insert : a black and white photo of kurt and crew dress in sombreros and mexican stereotype at a wild pool party . the title read ... pastiche present " wetback " gordon how about the Young Republicans ? kurt too close to the tea-party . insert : photo of kurt and crew dress as famous female political conservative - brandish rally sign with misspellings and cup of tea . the title read ... " pastiche's tea party " mitch yo we need a East versus West hip hop party . get the honey in here . gordon " the honey ? " you be from vermont . kurt guy what 's the pastiche motto ? gordon " sharpen thy sword . " 34 . mitch we motto be a euphemism for masturbation ? gordon it 's a reminder that satire be the weapon of reason . so who on campus be be unreasonable ? mitch sound like a reminder of how gay you be . gordon be that even a reasonable attempt at a quip Mitch ? mitch hey Gordon , say reasonable again . SAM ( o.s. ) dear White people , know lil ' Wayne lyric no longer earn you a honorary Black Card . it just remind I how often you say the word " nigga " when no one Black be around as be require in recite say lyric . kurt turn up he music and shoot lionel a look , who plug headphone into he computer and look down . kurt the hell do Sam think she be ? mitch like spike Lee and Oprah have a piss off baby . kurt share a glance with Mitch and Gordon - they be lean towards the same idea . kurt could we ? gordon how ? kurt turn he heat towards lionel - have a bone to pick . kurt hey lionel . talk to the Dean today . ( more ) 35 . kurt ( cont 'd ) we have a very enlighten conversation . I just want to say ... I be sorry about the voice message . 29b dine room 29 B kurt and he crew cross over to lionel 's table . kurt unzip he pants silently . kurt ( cont 'd ) do you accept ? lionel remove the headphone and turn to kurt , just as he start flopping he dick around off screen . lionel quickly look in the other direction . kurt 's friend crack up . gordon please put that away . kurt you get to talk to this people in a language they will understand . lionel shove he headphone back on over he for . lionel pathetic . kurt ( yell ) wherever he ship you off to , be sure to pack a sense of humor with you , kay bro ? lionel drown they out . he flip through Sam 's " ebony &amp ; ivy " book to a section call ... SAM ( v.o. ) the Paper bag test . as lionel read we swish pan to ... 30 dream diner 30 ... a abstract diner set . Sam at the counter address we . superimpose : the tip test SAM the tip test . you hit up jelly 's for a snack . you waitress mistake you for someone who look like you ( Black ) who once run up a thirty dollar bill and leave a dollar tip . 36 . waitress , over it , cross frame and glare coldly at we . lionel take a seat at a booth with Sam across from he . SAM ( cont 'd ) you watch all the other customer order before you do ... waitress huff she way over to lionel . lionel pastrami sandwich on rye . SAM ... then proceed to wait no less than forty minute for you food . a wall - clock advance forty , before the food and check come . SAM ( cont 'd ) how do you tip ? a ... lionel forty minute ? man she 's lucky I leave she forty cent . you do a good job , maybe you will see a tip . SAM B ... lionel doris be trip , but fifteen percent be the least I can do . SAM or C ... lionel I reject the stereotype that African american 's do not tip . I be leave she twenty , no twenty five , just to prove I can ! CUT to : lionel 's back in reality . he ponder the scenario . lionel ( cont 'd ) C ? he turn the book upside down and read the small print on the bottom of the page . " a ) one hundre " " B ) oofta " and he answer " C ) nose - job . " 37 . lionel ( cont 'd ) nose-job ? 31 ext . manchester university - day 31 the campus have settle into the semester as student trudge back and forth to class . SAM ( v.o. ) dear White people in a shocking reversal use the term " African american " be borderline racist now . 32 int . dean fairbank office - day 32 Dean fairbank and president herbert fletcher , 50' in a even better suit than fairbank listen to the radio . fairbank eyeball fletcher - tension between the two . SAM ( o.s. ) turn out if you be too worried about political correctness to say " Black " , odd be you secretly just want to call we nigger anyway and truth be tell I would rather you just be honest about it . president fletcher free speech my ass . dean fairbank stalin quote for two hundred ? president fletcher you be joke about this ? dean fairbank I be sorry , be I suppose to take " free speech my ass " as a legitimate suggestion ? president fletcher this be you office 's issue walter . especially after that episode with kurt in the dining hall . dean fairbank every race issue be my issue . president fletcher it 's a student issue . you be the Dean of student be not you ? the two share a old and heat glare . 38 . president fletcher ( cont 'd ) the Times have be watch we like a hawk . last thing we need be some " race war " on newspaper across the country . how do you think we donor base will feel about that ? we fund - raiser be four week away . dean fairbank how bad be this deficit of yours ? president fletcher worse . but let I tell you something . if this blow up any further ? it 's on you walter . racism be over in America . and if anyone 's still deal with it , it 's the -- I do not know mexican probably . Troy poke he head in . fairbank cut the radio off . president fletcher ( cont 'd ) come on in . troy President fletcher . president fletcher Son , call I herb . fairbank grit he tooth as fletcher exit and Troy sit . dean fairbank President fletcher tell I he son get he ass hand to he . Troy hate this game . dean fairbank ( cont 'd ) Bout time . can not tell you how many instance I have to defend armstrong / parker when I be head of House . troy Sam 's out of line . kurt 's alright . dean fairbank but you be suppose to be better than alright . since when do we lose election Troy ? troy the house Act pass without a fight do not help . 39 . dean fairbank what have I tell you about excuse ? troy pop my course load be full anyway . I be head of econ board , I be think about pastiche . dean fairbank pastiche ? on kurt fletcher 's staff ? troy you know to round out the re ? dean fairbank I will be God damned if twenty year from now you have to end up work for that dumb ass son . troy ( put in he place ) yes sir . dean fairbank fletcher and I graduate a year apart . he barely make it through . I graduate summa cum laude . now look who 's President and who 's Dean . troy what 's the difference ? dean fairbank a couple hundred grand a year . understand what I be say ? now what happen between you and Sam to make she come after you anyway ? troy sofia . you remember sofia ? daughter of the President . psych major . " have the world ahead of she Troy . " dean fairbank I do not like you tone boy . troy sorry sir . dean fairbank so you lose the House . on to the school presidency then . the light in Troy 's eye dim a bit . 40 . dean fairbank ( cont 'd ) it will be good to show this campus be capable of electing someone like you as school president . troy someone like I ? 33 int . troy's bathroom - night 33 Troy hover over the toilet - smoke weed while the shower run - exhales through he paper towel / dryer sheet apparatus . he jot down on a notepad and laugh to himself . troy's apartment - same time sofia have she face to the floor - peer underneath the bathroom door . she can see Troy 's foot . what the hell ? off the squeak of the shower be cut sofia jump up . moment later Troy bound out the bathroom in he undy . sofia on the couch pretend to have be watch television . troy Babe . hat or no hat ? Troy stand before she in he undy hold a kangol . he eye she oversize T-shirt . troy ( cont 'd ) be you wear that ? sofia I do not have to be . sofia yank Troy to she by he underwear to kiss he navel . sofia ( cont 'd ) hey boo ... why do not we put some of you new find free time to good use ? it 's be a while since ... troy what 's with all this boo stuff ? sofia ... since you fuck I with you big Black cock . Troy pull away . 41 . sofia ( cont 'd ) it use to turn you on when I talk like that . be it I ? troy ( yes ) I love you . sofia be it Sam ? troy can we please just , get ready ? sofia why ? I hate my brother 's friend . Troy think over he next word carefully . troy you be not go to go with I ? sofia you would go without I ? Troy try to flash a charming shrug . sofia ( cont 'd ) you be my guest ! sofia gather some book and head for the door . troy you can hang out while I be -- sofia -- okay , what 's with you and my brother ? be you in love with he ? be this like , some dl shit ? sofia storm out . troy " dl shit !? " 34 int . forest - night 34 lionel walk up the darkly light stair of a very old building . he reach a door mark " newsroom . " 35 int . newsroom - night 35 lionel look around the dimme office . there be music and light come from a room past all the cubicle ... 42 . 36 int . bullpen - night 36 ... a office fill with computer . George and a few other editor scream with laughter - beer and pizza in hand . GEORGE do a beat on he desk while ... GEORGE I keep it clean ya know what I mean . I drink my vodka straight , like I be a fiend . annie , a strawberry blonde laugh in George 's lap . lionel 's envy show . annie wait , quiet I want to hear this . Annie turn up a youtube video of ... coco ( o.s. ) if I could grow straight indian hair out my head -- annie ohmigod , this be go on Facebook . Annie swivel in she chair only to scream bloody murder at the sight of lionel . lionel relax the negro at the door be not here to rape you . Annie laugh . the mood be drunk and light . lionel ( cont 'd ) so this be what editor do ? GEORGE we be take a break , what be you do here ? lionel you want I to drop in and tell you how the story be come ? GEORGE yeah like this week . it 's Saturday night . you get nowhere else to be ? lionel it be this or the new madea movie . 43. GEORGE dear God . where do madea go this time ? dialysis ? 37 ext . movie theater - night 37 Sam , flanke by Reggie and the bofros be in mid rant . reggie man fuck Tyler perry . SAM like , can we have a movie with , you know character in they ? ` stead of stereotype wrap in Christian dogma ? reggie why be every educate person inherently evil ? why this nigga gotta be in a mutha fuck dress all the mutha fuck time ? SAM how come the only Black movie Hollywood want to make be one with mammy in fat suit or Black woman in pain man ? all of this be direct at a teenager in the box office . teenager most people be here to see fang 9 . ( after a beat ) Kelly rowland 's in it ? the group throw up they hand and groan in protest . 38 int . kurt house - night 38 game night and kurt 's house be fill with smoke , music , and rich kid who play card at various table . Coco , in a bang jumpsuit scan the room for prospect . a few eye from the white boy start to flicker she way . this perk she up , as she arch she back slightly ... ...only to see they eye follow the white brunette hipster girl who have enter behind she . Coco catch herself in the mirror . what do not they see ? 38a card table 38a 44 . Troy deal card at a table - the game be Texas hold em . Troy hold court - much to kurt 's chagrin . the mood be playful . there 's a brief eye contact between Troy and Coco . 39 int . sam' apartment - night 39 a huge " boycott sal 's pizzeria " poster hang on the wall of Sam 's chic dorm surround by other street art . the bofros and a few cool resident of armstrong / parker hang about . Underground hip hop permeate the room . Sam refuse a joint coldly from Reggie - she eye fix on " school daze " which play on she 36 ' flatscreen . SAM how `bout you stop stereotyping yourself and put that shit out ? this be not " Friday . " reggie yo Sam . we get to talk about the protest . when be we be bring the house fight to the prez ? sungmi take a seat next to Sam . some kid hop up and start groove it out when a new song pop up on the playlist . sungmi the House vote down sponsor the rally . reggie what do we need it sponsor for ? SAM demonstration can get shut down if a House do not sponsor they . reggie like the House you be head of ? Sam shoot Reggie a glare . he back off . sungmi hey Sam , I read " ebony and ivy . " what 's with the oofta , nose - Jobs , one hundre stuff ? I miss something ? Sam smile . SAM you want I to break it down ? 45 . 40 int . kurt house - night 40 Troy deal another hand with kurt , Mitch and Gordon . Troy 's homeboy swag be thicker than usual . mitch yo my perfect Friday night be whiskey and my t- bone Walker record , real talk . troy who the fuck be t- bone Walker ? 40a intercut with sam' apartment : 40a SAM only a few way color folk survive at a place like this . mitch uh only a pioneer of electric and jump blue bro . know you root . troy White folk always be on stuff like decade too late and act like they discover some shit . SAM " oofta " be the jazz age term for bojangle type who black it up for White audience . mitch do not sleep on t- bone man . troy rock , Jazz , blue - nigga whatchu get on right now ? mitch Public enemy my nig -- troy -- yo watch that man . gordon you just call he -- troy -- ya will get country club we get to say nigga . everyone at the table erupt in laughter . except kurt . 46 . gordon and golf ? and all we girl ? troy whatchu mean all you girl ? gordon dude , between oj , Tiger , wesley snipe and uh , Troy over here ... troy yo . it 's a word for that . reparation . more kurt-less laughter from the table . troy ( cont 'd ) forty white bitch and a mule . perfectly execute . Troy grin as the table erupt . SAM a oofta modulate he blackness up or down depend on the crowd and what he want from they . mitch kurt ? kurt what ? gordon kurt . Troy watch this exchange closely . gordon ( cont 'd ) Troy . you think about pastiche ? troy that 's the magazine right ? gordon for starter . mitch what other " magazine " you know have a first look deal at NBC ? the third biggest youtube channel . talk show . platinum comedy record homie ! 47 . gordon could not you see he on the talk show kurt ? kurt look at he card . kurt I fold . 41 int . sam' apartment - night 41 a small crowd 's form around Sam . sungmi okay , and a nose - job be a wannabe ? 42 int . kurt house - night 42 Coco finish she drink and catch Mitch and Gordon as they start up a youtube video on they iPad . the previous game be over . they watch " dear White people - 1,378,480 view . " 42a intercut with sam' apartment : 42a SAM sort of . nose - job smooth they Black edge and try to blend . Coco run she finger through she straight hair . gordon you see this one ? SAM ( youtube ) dear White people use instagram . you have a iphone and go on hike . I get it . coco ugh . Gordon and Mitch turn and notice Coco . Mitch eye she curve . gordon not a fan ? Coco make a " no " face . mitch sup mar ? coco do not talk like that . 48 . gordon hey I know you ... Coco be take aback as Gordon punch up she video and play it back . she hover over they . coco ( youtube ) muffins . I hate to do it , but imma have to get real Black with you . Coco a bit embarrassed scan the view count . SAM a nose - job 's worst fear be that they " blackness " might cause a fuss or draw undue attention so they apologize for it or use it to self deprecate . coco forty thousand view already ? gordon look like someone submit you to buzzfeed . take off ... Coco lean over they and scroll down . the first comment be from a helmut : " much better ... " Coco soak this in . mitch you want ' a drink a sun'in ? coco let I guess you be from Ohio ? mitch vermont . gordon what do you have against dear White people ? Coco smile and slyly click to she next video . coco ( youtube ) dear White people . how do I feel about it ? well for one it 's blacker than thou propaganda from a bougie Lisa bonet wannabe who smell like patchouli and frankly I can not believe we be let Sam get away with it . 49 . Mitch and Gordon 's mouth be ajar . Coco study the view count ... 26,758 . a pride strike Coco . 43 int . sam' apartment - night 43 as the impromptu party die down ... sungmi okay and one hundre ? reggie keeping it one-hundred ! be Black as hell just cause . Sam roll she eye . sungmi but what about just be you ? SAM like I say ... 44 int . newsroom - night 44 lionel 's get the eye of the bullpen on he . Annie 's really warm to he - she hand play with he afro . annie you do not mind do you ? SAM ( v.o. ) there 's only a few way a person of a color can survive at a place like this ... lionel of course not . GEORGE alright so then what ? lionel so then Sam say " what , be you daddy scared the negroes be gonna start a rebellion on the plantation ? " George go crazy at this . GEORGE to kurt fletcher !? lionel yeah . yes . yup . 50 . GEORGE we have get a news item but there 's something bigger here . it 's a profile piece on armstrong / parker and Sam White 's pseudo revolution . annie what 's the headline ? lionel outdated nationalist seek purpose start race war ? lionel 's joke hit , but he feel gross for say it . the image of Sam shaking she head in the dinner flash before lionel briefly . GEORGE beer in the corner . bang out the news item tonight and we will work on the profile piece for next week . lionel grab a beer and take a seat at one of the open computer . George start up a beat on he desk as he and Annie stare at lionel expectantly . lionel what be you do ? annie all bugle staffer must freestyle . it 's law . GEORGE you want to be a staffer right ? lionel ( awkward ) my name be lionel kind of like a lion King of the jungle indigenous to Africa ... the beat have long since stop . lionel ( cont 'd ) sorry . 45 int . kurt kitchen - night 45 Troy head into the kitchen just as kurt head out . 51 . troy yo man , you know I be not talk about sof back there with whole forty bitch thing . I be just -- kurt -- try to get on my staff ? troy I never really think about -- kurt -- bullshit . game night be where we make we bid for the new staff . it 's why everyone 's here . you be practically about to bust out a tap dance . troy I be a poly sci major man . I just come to hang out . kurt my staff like you . a lot . troy but you do not . kurt this thing with you and sof ... troy I be good to she . kurt we dad 's have be play a game of chess off and on since 1972 . troy what and sof be the White queen ? kurt you be a pawn . and I think it 's time you get off the board bro . Troy take this in . kurt ( cont 'd ) here 's the deal . every year we throw a party . the point be to mock the self important and moronic entity of the campus . the way to get staff be to write a invite for the party . ( more ) 52 . kurt ( cont 'd ) we invite be legendary , we make gawker , the Post , ton of blog every year . if you invite be the one that go out , you be guarantee a spot on the staff . the runner up be vote on by the rest of we . Troy catch eye with Coco who give he a seductive glance . 45a live room 45 a Coco turn back to she now enamor crowd . she 's in she element with this boy at she foot . coco I just think have good hair and carry on with a degree of sophistication do not make I a traitor to the race . mitch want to know why they use to call I Black Mitch ? gordon coco absolutely not . no one call you that . kitchen just as Gordon , Mitch and Coco approach ... troy okay . and what 's this year 's theme ? kurt roll he eye instinctively . kurt still work on that ... troy the party 's a couple week away . gordon yo kurt . I want you to meet someone . coco you guy get a party come up ? Coco smile at kurt , before flick she eye over Troy . 53. 46 int . sam' apartment - night 46 sungmi be one of the last to clear out of Sam 's apartment as the party wind down . sungmi hey , about the rally . you could still get the permit anyway Sam and go against the board . most people consider that political suicide though . reggie we get to rally Sam . time be now . SAM use you head Reggie . you think a rally be go to change thing ? reggie it will do a hell of a lot more than a radio show or view on youtube . everyone get quiet . sungmi take this time to exit . reggie ( cont 'd ) look , we get power Sam and it 's time we use it . we earn it . SAM we ? I do not see you run for shit Reggie . the bofros trade look as Reggie storm out . Sam wait a beat and roll she eye . 47 ext . armstrong / parker quad - night 47 Sam walk after Reggie . reggie tire . SAM do not " one word " I . reggie why you get to snap at I all the time ? I be around you like twenty four seven . like you lap dog . I do not even usually get down like that with no red bone chick man . 54 . SAM do not call I that . reggie come on , I think you ass be Puerto rican when I meet you . Sam turn to go . reggie ( cont 'd ) oh so you can dish it out but you can not take it ? SAM I be take my ass home . reggie come on Sam . you know how I feel about you . SAM how be I suppose to know how you feel about I ? reggie you know what ? forgive I if I see something in you . something inspiring . something folk like I can get behind . Reggie put he hand on Sam 's belt and pull she in to a kiss as a group walk by . over Reggie 's shoulder Sam see ... ... gabe look back at she . he 's heartbroken . she pretend not to be affect and sink into a kiss from Reggie . reggie ( cont 'd ) tell I you will set up the rally . SAM I will set up the rally . 48 int . kurt kitchen - night 48 kurt , Gordon , Mitch , Coco and Troy all trade glance . gordon be we sure about this ? kurt it 's ironic . bold . and do not tell I I be the only one who think Sam White 's little movement need to get cut down to size . 55 . agreement Coco 's gaze . uncertainty in Troy 's . kurt ( cont 'd ) look like you get you hip hop party Mitch . mitch ` Bout time . it 's go to be huge man , fuck epic . kurt hold back a smile . kurt boy , we have get a lot more mingling to do . we will be in touch . and Troy ? get off the board bro . Troy chew on this as kurt lead he group out . Troy smile , go to exit . troy Nice see you . coco where 's sofia ? troy I have no idea . coco trouble in paradise ? Troy shrug and head to the party . coco ( cont 'd ) figure . ( off Troy 's incredulousness ) nothing . I be sure you have get something else fair and petite and ... fair line up for that drink . troy what 's that suppose to mean ? coco it 's fine . I be not even really into Black dude anyway . troy I will have you know I be a equal opportunity employer , okay ? 56 . coco and what kind of job be you hire for mister ? Coco 's stiletto rub the side of Troy 's calf . troy be not you and sofia -- coco -- I be a accessory to sofia . can not ever shake the feel I be a assignment for that afro Studies minor of hers . Troy nervously glance out at the crowd and then back towards this dangerous and tempting creature before he . coco ( cont 'd ) I be sure you have no idea what I mean . 49 ext . manchester yard - night 49 lionel and George walk through the campus at night . George wave goodbye to Annie as they pass bechet House . lionel she seem really cool . George just smile . GEORGE do we go too far ? you be in armstrong / parker right ? lionel no. garmin . GEORGE Fancy . lionel George I be not exactly down with Sam and I be not in the bsu . I get kick out of armstrong / parker same as kurt . but I be go to write a good story , okay ? GEORGE I hope so . I want a bugle on you chest by the end of the month . lionel fight a smile as he heart beat through he chest . 57 . they reach the front of lionel 's house . George run he hand through lionel 's hair . Mitch , smoking on the porch with some other kid - trade glance . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you for 's so gnarly . lionel I be grow it out . GEORGE night lionel . lionel head up he stoop - past the snicker and glare of Mitch and company . mitch Party 's not over . lionel I live here . mitch sorry bro . invitation only . lionel it 's two in the morning . Mitch shrug as humiliation flood over lionel . lionel sigh and slump on the step outside the door . he scroll through he phone for a contact ... office of the dean . start a email . 50 int . troy's bedroom - morning 50 Troy 's kangol sit in the ground , besides he undy , and besides a bright pink thong . Coco 's pink paint finger nail travel through the crease of Troy 's immaculate abs . troy Coco huh ? coco colandrea do not exactly pass the resume test , you know ? I mean could not you fuck die ? my parent should have just name I ghetto-ass-hoodrat-anisha . do you ... indulge ? Coco fiddle in she purse - pull out a joint . 58 . troy it 's ten be . Coco light it and take a drag . she hand it to Troy . troy ( cont 'd ) I do not mess with that stuff . Coco see right through he as Troy hit it like a pro . coco sure about that ? troy sure you do not like Black guy ? coco girl like I be just a placeholder for ya will at a place like this . troy I be not like that . coco I do not think Sam would agree . troy that be different . coco no it be not . poor thing , she be light skin-de and everything . troy yo , it be not like that alright ? Troy 's tone sober Coco a bit . she place a hand on Troy 's . troy ( cont 'd ) my pop . he want I with fletcher 's daughter . they have be in competition ever since they go here . pop hate that fletcher end up President and he get stick as the Dean . coco so you upbringing may have actually fuck you up more than mine ? that 's hot . Troy laugh and take the joint back . 59 . coco ( cont 'd ) the hell be the difference between a Dean and a President anyway ? troy apparently four hundred year of unreconcile oppression . coco he 's not go to like you run with the pastiche boy be he ? troy if I even get tapped . coco you will . and you should do it . they all land somewhere big , some before they even graduate . I have see you in front of a crowd Troy . I bet you could be famous . troy that what you want ? to be famous ? coco I want people to know my name . troy which one ? Coco 's phone buzze with a message . it 's kurt . coco ( read ) we want you . come by ellington tomorrow at eight . ( to Troy ) anything ? Troy check he phone . nothing . a decision weigh in Troy 's eye as Coco throw on a shirt and get up to go . coco ( cont 'd ) you be go to have to stand up to he sooner or later Troy . 52 ext . armstrong / parker quad - day 52 Troy and sofia stand still amidst the bustle . devastation mark she pretty face . sofia you say you love I . 60 . troy I like you a lot . Salt meet wound . she want to go , but something nag at she . sofia what do you do in the bathroom ? when you leave the shower run ? be it just to get away from I ? Troy wager he answer and decide to confess . troy I smoke weed and write joke . puzzle by the man before she and too hurt for more , sofia just turn and walk away . Troy watch she go just as ... ... lionel pass by . the two share a awkward glance before Troy turn to enter the house . 53 int . armstrong / parker hall - same time 53 lionel shyly trudge down the hall of armstrong / parker . he turn to see Troy behind he . the two avoid the other 's gaze . as they both head up the stair , Troy note it strange that they be head in the same direction . 53a upstair 53a lionel head to a door at the end of the hallway and open it with a key . Troy 's already at the door when he look up and realize lionel 's just enter he apartment . 54 int . troy's apartment - continuous 54 troy the hell be you do ? lionel &amp ; troy this be my apartment . troy the hell it be . lionel the Dean say it be the only open . troy head of House do not share . 61 . lionel but you be not head of House . still sting . Troy head into he room and close the door leave lionel alone in the live room . 57 int . armstrong / parker dine hall - day 57 lionel sit alone in front of another bowl of soup . eye the different clique of mostly Black student . dread walk past and shoot a head nod . lionel uncomfortably shoot one back . dread stay Black , my brother . lionel sure thing ? lionel watch as kurt and Troy walk together towards the entrance - suddenly chum . Troy 's get good news and gladly shake kurt 's hand . kurt need you submission by Thursday . troy you get it bro . the two try and enter , when immediately dread slam a go in the back of the hall - prompt the whole of the dining hall to turn and throw paper ball at kurt . kurt the fuck ? Sam grin from a table comprise of Martin , sungmi and she other support staff . Martin be visibly annoyed . troy yo ! Troy take some of the brunt of this and walk with the humiliate kurt back out of the dining Hall . lionel watch with a smirk as Troy talk kurt down on the other side of the entrance . lionel catch eye with Sam briefly who share the same smirk . he realize Sam 's actually look at Reggie , perch behind he at a table flanke by curl and dread . they address he . reggie finally make it in . 62 . dread be move around a lot right ? curl you must have be terrify when you see " armstrong / parker " write on you move assignment . lionel I be just finish up . reggie do Black people scare you ? lionel ( realize its true ) no . reggie you be too scared to even ask anyone for a cut . lionel I be grow it out . dread no. I be grow it out . you be foster a ecosystem . reggie how come you do not come to bsu ? lionel I listen to mumford and son and watch Robert altman movie . you honestly think I be Black enough for the union ? dread yo , I love Robert altman . mutha fucka go in . curl ( after a beat ) we be not all homophobe you know . Black folk ? lionel 's eye dart around . how do she know ? dread I be bump Frank Ocean right now . I do not give a fuck . imma still eat at chik fil a though . they nugget good as hell . 63. lionel I be late for class . reggie you be the " Black voice " of the bugle now . we be just try to decide if you be friend or foe . Reggie pull a fold copy of the bugle from under he arm . Sam 's on the front page with the headline " white student told to `get out ' by lionel higgins . " reggie ( cont 'd ) we get to protect we girl . Reggie motion over to a stress out Sam as she argue over something with Martin at another table . lionel I be not on staff . not until I make good on my assignment , I be just -- reggie -- assignment ? what 's the story ? lionel they want I to do a profile piece on Black culture at Manchester . reggie of which you be so clearly a expert . shame flood lionel 's face . reggie ( cont 'd ) so what 's harder man ? be Black enough for the Black kid or the white one ? lionel be neither . another go sound with another shower of paper ball . this time it 's for ... ... gabe , who 's stick outside . he make eye contact with ... gabe Sam ! really Sam ? she just look away . Reggie eye he coolly . 64 . 58 int . classroom - day 58 Professor bodkin watch over a small class as the student fill in essay question . Sam 's eye be glue to a window ... outside below the brofros pull up in a suv . they hop out and start pull out rally sign and bullhorn . Sam 's eye dart back to the clock as gabe watch she watch the time . 59a ext . manchester university - day 59 a Sam bound out of a building on she way to the parking lot . from behind she ... dean fairbank running late . Sam pause and turn to see he . dean fairbank ( cont 'd ) for you little rally ? SAM forget you sign Dean ? dean fairbank do you honestly think this be in the spirit of armstrong / parker house ? SAM the role of the counter culture be to wake up the mainstream to -- dean fairbank -- I have get furniture older than you . counter culture ? be that what you think this be ? that show of yours ? SAM what about my show ? dean fairbank you show be racist . SAM Black people can not be racist . the Dean be render speechless at this statement . 65 . SAM ( cont 'd ) prejudice ? yes . but not racist . racism describe a system of disadvantage base on race . Black people can not be racist since they do not benefit from such a system . dean fairbank do you read the school papers ? SAM be the New York Times a school paper ? dean fairbank you antic be make press Sam and press like this keep man like President fletcher up at night . SAM warm milk ? dean fairbank he 's building a file on you . SAM it 's not my fault you son could not beat I in a election . dean fairbank I be sure it be hard grow up . wonder which side you fit into . feeling like you have to overcompensate perhaps ? SAM if that 's true , I be not the only one Dean . Sam walk off in a half jog - fairbank 's last word resonate more than she would like . gabe , make he way outside just catch she exit . 59b ext . parking lot - day 59 B huge canvas sign with the word " white only " be strewn about the pavement , along with bullhorn and picket sign . Sam take this in while the brofros feverishly unpack the suv . 66 . reggie there you be ! we suppose to start at noon . SAM I tell you I have class . there 's a vibration in Sam 's pocket . her phone say " mom . " she cut it off and pick up a " white 's only " sign . reggie that be go up on gillespie . good right ? Sam shrug in the affirmative but it 's too much . Reggie see a doubt in she eye . reggie ( cont 'd ) yo . what 's that ? you be not get cold foot be you ? SAM no . I mean how long do I have to talk anyway ? reggie you be kid right ? you be sort of the keynote . SAM yeah but ... you know I think the whole malcolm X thing be you lane reg. I be just not -- reggie -- they come to hear you Sam . grab a bullhorn . turn it on . Sam be strike by the command . stuck between want to curse and comply another buzz in she pocket yank she attention to she phone . Sam check : " it's about dad . call I " Sam turn for some privacy . she make eye contact with gabe who 's just happen upon the parking lot . gabe what be all this ? SAM ( on phone ) hey . in the middle of -- -- okay . okay . okay . 67 . tear well up in Sam 's eye as she shake she head no and head away from the parking lot and pass gabe . when Reggie look up and catch eye with Sam . his tilt look of indignation ask she what she 's do . reggie Sam ? Sam take in the scene and decisively turn to go . Reggie 's heart sink as a bewilder gabe go to chase after she . reggie ( cont 'd ) Sam ! 60 int . armstrong / parker hall - day 60 Reggie flanke by the bofros bang on Sam 's door . reggie yo , what the hell Sam ? 61 int . sam' room - day 61 the bang continue as Sam sit on the edge of she bed . the tear have dry . gabe pace behind the bed . gabe you want I to tell they to go ? SAM you be so tough . gabe I will . SAM I want you to wait until they have go and then head home . gabe I be try to be here for you . SAM can you be somewhere else for I ? 61a hallway 61a reggie Sam ! I know you be home . 68 . 61b sam' room 61b gabe what do you see in he ? SAM the only eligible single brother on campus . gabe wow. okay . SAM I get it . you parent own in harlem or something ? you watch " do the right thing " in high school and you want to prove to the world you be down ? gabe I want to be down ? how long do it take to get you hair like that ? reggie ( o.s. ) Sam . we want to talk . SAM Reggie I will call you later damn ! ( to gabe ) you do not know what you be talk about . Girls like I -- gabe -- what ? have to pick a side ? I be sick of you tragic mulatto bullshit Sam ! SAM you can not say mulatto . gabe mulatto ! mulatto ! mulatto ! more banging SAM window . go out the window . gabe I be sorry if I can not be you nubian prince on my Black horse ready to take you back to fuck Zamunda ! 69 . SAM that 's not a real African country . gabe can I please get some credit for a solid " come to America " reference ? Sam try not laugh at this . gabe ( cont 'd ) this be not you Sam . SAM no ? and who be I ? gabe you be this ... girl ... SAM perceptive . gabe who ... like to argue with I about every fuck thing . and I hate it because we both know you be smarter than I . you favorite director be bergman , but you tell people its spike Lee . you love bebop , but you have get a thing for Taylor Swift . I know because my Mac pick up you Mac 's library . SAM and I be so careful ... gabe you like to use phrase from the thirty and wear clothes from the fifty and hairstyle from the sixty . you like to watch I when you think I be sleep . and trace the outline of my face . Sam fight any sign of this move she . another bang . gabe ( cont 'd ) you be more " banksy " than " Barack " but you have be co-opt as some sort of revolutionary leader or something ? but really you be a anarchist . a beautiful writer , artist , filmmaker , shit starter . and beautiful , in general . 70 . Sam 's heart beat through she chest . her phone ring : " Mom . " SAM yeah ? yeah ? yeah . it 's okay . get some sleep . Sam hang up . a silence hang - follow by a loud exhale from Sam as she let 's go of the tension she would be hold . gabe everything okay ? SAM ( happy tear ) his condition 's stable . gabe good . that 's good Sam . gabe go to exit just as Reggie bang again . SAM gabe ! gabe open the door to the very shocked bofros and Reggie ... gabe what !? ... and brushes right past they . Sam get up and stare down the heartbroken look on she disciple ' face . SAM I be sorry . and with that she close the door right on Reggie . 62 ext . ellington terrace - night 62 Coco and Helmut look out over the campus from the glow terrace atop the Library . they sip on coffee 's . helmut New video be pick up steam . coco told you I be good tv . helmut the show I be scout for ... it 's call Black face / White place . it 's reality . like a " true life . " each episode center on a different one of " we " in a sea of " they . " 71 . coco interesting . helmut interesting ? you think they want interesting ? dignify storey of triumph and survival ? ( off Coco 's naive shrug ) they want the " authentic urban experience " which be basically network talk for bitching and weave snatching . I be tell you this because the network be look to take one of the subject to series . I get one episode . one shot to find that subject . so if we do this ... coco ... we do it all the way . I be guess Sam turn you down . helmut I think so . she call I a bojangle oofta , whatever that mean . everything else she say would have be bleep on tv . ( off Coco 's laugh ) so look , forty thousand hit on youtube be good . it 's not great . coco I be about to get a whole lot more . 63 int . kurt house - day 63 Coco sit before a video camera . the room be dim . kurt we do not have anyone like you on staff and you have a great idea . we bring you here to -- coco -- I want to mc it . you party . kurt we be here to tell you what we want . coco you want I and in order to get I , you have to let I mc . ( more ) 72 . coco ( cont 'd ) and I want to do a live video blog from my youtube account . back to : 64 ext . ellington terrace - day 64 helmut they would let you do that ? coco they get no choice . they need I -- back to : 65 int . kurt house - continuous 65 coco -- cause without I ya will look like a bunch of privileged asshole . kurt we do not let people video blog we event ... coco ... you get a week to put this thing together boo boo . what 's it go to be ? CUT to : 66 ext . ellington terrace - day 66 Helmut look at Coco with a shocked gleam in he eye . coco you look surprised . helmut it 's just ... 67 int . troy's apartment - night 67 Troy and lionel both type furiously at they computer in they room . Troy on he invite - lionel on he article . they each look at the other in alternate interval . helmut ( v.o. ) ... not everyone be as camera ready as you . 67a lionel' room 67a 73. lionel pause the episode of STAR trek the next generation on he tv and head to ... 67b kitchen 67b ... bar divide . pour a bowl of cereal . he glance into Troy 's room . he 's also get Star Trek on . could it be ? Troy , feel lionel 's eye on he and quickly switch it to basketball . 67c troy's room 67c Troy type in " kurt fletcher " in the " to " field and " pastiche submission " in the subject field . he hit " send " and swallow the lump in he throat . 68 int . deans office - day 68 Troy gingerly enter into the Dean 's office . Martin and Dean fairbank talk in hushed tone around fairbank ' desk . dean fairbank Martin , would you share with Troy what you share with I ? martin the server that process the voting result for House election have shut down the a.p. database . saw it this morning . apparently the intermediary program be on a refractile loop . troy I be a poly sci major man . martin Sam currently have 445 vote . that 's 200 more than she have last week during the actual election . troy there 's not even that many resident in armstrong / parker . dean fairbank she cheat . hacked the system . 69 int . president's office - day 69 Sam sit before a giant fireplace - twice as large as the dean' . she face President fletcher and fight nerve . 74 . SAM I would not even begin to know how to do something like that . president fletcher be you little war really this important ? Sam shift gear slightly - he want something from she . president fletcher ( cont 'd ) I understand the pressure to stand for something at a institution like this but you be bark up the wrong tree okay ? 70 int . dean's office - continuous 70 martin have to have be Reggie . dude 's in my programe class . good. just forget to turn he program off . troy wow . martin you be the rightful head of House . troy ( shit ) so great . dean fairbank Martin , let I talk to Troy for a bit . I appreciate this . 71 int . president's office - continuous 71 Sam glare at fletcher . president fletcher you advisor tell I you be hang on by a thread in you major . perhaps it 's time to reprioritize . SAM you be try to frighten I , but I think you be the one who 's scared . 75 . president fletcher and I think you long for the day where black be hang from tree and deny actual rights . then you would actually have something to fight against . a swell of emotion behind Sam 's steel eye . president fletcher ( cont 'd ) you will be face two hearing in the come week that could end in either probation or suspension . one on the merit of you show , the other on you election to head of House . Sam be truly scared by this . president fletcher ( cont 'd ) you responsibility to you house be suspend . you show be do for . and another one of you illegal " demonstration " will only make matter worse . this be a critical time for this school . SAM you damn right it be . president fletcher we do not have a intolerance problem here . except for the one I be look at . 72 int . dean's office - continuous 72 Troy and he father be alone . dean fairbank you do not tell I you and sofia have a misunderstanding . troy who do ? dean fairbank her father . she be very upset . ( off Troy 's silence ) Troy . what sort of vision do you have for yourself ? 76 . troy get my degree . then Law School and then -- dean fairbank -- and what 's that get to do with party with kurt ? with smoking weed and write joke ? panic flash over Troy . dean fairbank ( cont 'd ) okay , so what ? be it the spotlight kurt get ? you want to be on ... tv or something ? you know how many Black man waste they life to get on tv ? be rapper and ball player ? troy ( want it to be true ) dad no . I want what we always talk about . maybe have my own firm someday ? run for office . make a difference . wife . kid . I want all that . I really really do . dean fairbank and the drug ? God damn it Troy I teach you better than this . I have be in academia a long time , I have see a lot of thing . the man who really run this world ? you get no idea what they see when they see you . you be not go to be what they all think you be . you will not give they that satisfaction , you hear I ? troy yes sir . 73 int . president's office - continuous 73 Sam step out of fletcher 's office into the wait room . kurt be there . he stand and the two silently stare the other down as kurt enter he father 's office . a secretary pick up a ringing phone - prompt she to exit the room . Sam watch she sign for a delivery outside through the window . Sam slip behind the office door - quietly push it open and listen in . 77 . president fletcher I know about the party . you pick a hell of a time . kurt what party -- president fletcher -- you be cancelling kurt . end of story . 75 int . bullpen - day 75 lionel walk through the empty office - slow down as he over hear ... GEORGE ( o.s. ) lionel 's story on the would - be protest outside of gillespie be run tomorrow and I be also have lionel work on a profile piece of armstrong / parker like you suggest . really break down what 's go on . lionel gingerly approach the door to see George finish up a phone call . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) right . it 's almost like they recycle so much from they past - Music , food , fashion , and now turbulence . this leave a bitter taste in lionel 's mouth . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) thank you so much . okay , take care . George can not fight he grin as he look to Annie . annie well ? GEORGE that be we Times advisor . he say it 's storey like this that get editor recommendation letter . lionel knock on the door . Annie and George be startle but reassure when they see who it be . 78 . lionel the negro at the door do not scare you this time . Annie smile and head for the door . annie lionel please . you be only technically Black . G , go to french . you want I to hold you seat ? GEORGE thanks . Annie smile and walk out . lionel you need something ? saw you e- mail . GEORGE yeah , I need someone to do the donor 's function on Saturday . small dinner for the school 's big giver . administration want a little coverage . lionel that 's Halloween night . GEORGE right , which be why no one else will take it . lionel ah . thus the new guy . George gather he backpack and walk over to lionel . get close . GEORGE on my way to class , but you can stay and check out last year 's piece . you will do fine . lionel I do not know . be there go to be any racially fuel outburst at this thing ? GEORGE never know right ? 79 . it 's clear lionel want to say something else . George too . lionel be I a good writer ? GEORGE you will get better . and we need you right now . lionel you be just a big recommendation away from landing the Times . GEORGE God I hope so . lionel look down . he be be use . turn to go , just as -- GEORGE ( cont 'd ) hey . -- George grab lionel unsure what he want to say . so instead he just kiss he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be glad we finally get that bugle on you chest . lionel 's all mix up . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) there 's a big party the night of the donor 's event . call I after , maybe we can hang ? lionel yeah . sound good . George head out - leave lionel perplex . 76 int . troy's apartment - night 76 Troy stare at he reflection in a mirror as he lift he du - rag to reveal he perfectly curl finger wave . he 's get ready for something . his phone buzze with a notification : " message from : pastiche " Troy nervously click it open . as he read ... 80 . kurt ( v.o. ) dear White people . be you tired of you hum drum , wonderbread existence of accidental racism and wishing you could sip on henny out yo crunk cup without a bitch give you the side - eye ? course you be . montage : as we subject get ready for they evening . Troy go back to comb over he finger wave , find and correct imperceptible imperfection . kurt ( v.o. ) for all that look to unleash they inner negro from year of bondage and oppression pastiche proudly present " dear White people " we 89th annual hallow 's Eve costume Party - tonight at 10 Pacific time or 5 color people time . sorry for the short notice , but let 's keep it one hun-ed . you have have we on you calendar for week . 76a lionel stare into a mirror in a ill fitting suit 76 a comb out he unwieldy for . he flinch in pain as he fluff out each section . kurt ( v.o. ) dude must rock fubu , ecko , rocawear , or Sean John . xxxl be the smallest size t- shirt you can wear , preferably with a collage of Barack Obama and tupac on it . stunner shade , chain , and blue-tooth device stick out yo ear be also encourage . 76b Coco pull a blonde curly wig over she natural hair . she 76b smooth she tendril to frame she face , almost pale with foundation . she begin on she eye . kurt ( v.o. ) lady , we need to see huge hoop earring , long nail , and cheap tight clothes . ( more ) 81 . kurt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a proper hood rat start fight , speak loudly , and when she can not think of the word she 's try to say just make one up , such as " edumicate . " feel free to fry up some chicken , bring Kool - Aid , watermelon , 40s , henny , and of course dat purple drank . no bougie bitch allow . 76c Sam remove the pin and the black power afro pic hold 76 C up she pompadour for hair - do , and let it fall flat around she ear . she take in she image in the mirror . kurt ( v.o. ) naturally there will be a freestyle rap competition so bring it , get yo shine on and join we for the party of the year ! oh and nigga nigga nigga nigga . Boy that feel good . 77 ext . gillespie hall - night 77 laughter and music from the well to do event waft outside while Troy dress in a slick armani tux hang by the entrance . he smoke on Coco 's one- hitter from before . lionel step out in he ill fitte suit , a camera in hand . the two be surprised to see each other . lionel funny see you here . troy Father like to show I off at all the donor function . the dessert course be usually my cue to take a breather while they talk shop . ( friendlier ) the trick be to dazzle they into forking over they estate just before they kick the bucket . lionel could just leave . instead he accept the olive branch . lionel so ... picard or kirk ? troy kirk. wait ... lionel I see you watch Star -- 82. troy -- yo what happen in the crib stay in the crib . not try to get my card revoke . lionel hey , some could argue that a show with whoopi Goldberg , Michael dorn and kunta kinte himself be a pretty Black show . troy yeah ? that work out for you ? lionel no . no it do not . at least not in High School . I bet there 's a statue of you at you High School . troy I be beloved . wo not lie . lionel do they know you be a trekker ? troy my pop leave a paint by number template for success at that High School . all I have to do be fill in the blank . football captain . valedictorian . prom King . lionel see a sadness in Troy . troy ( cont 'd ) so what ? you be grow that out ? lionel I think it 's gain sentience . troy it 's ... out there . lionel it 's like a black hole for white people 's finger . they be obsessed . troy you know I cut hair . why do not you ask I ? lionel you be I dunno ... you ? 83. behind lionel , George and Annie pass by the step to gillespie . GEORGE Li ! you ready man ? lionel no costume ? I get a tux for this . annie we just get out of the staff room . GEORGE yeah , we be go as overworked . lionel where be it ? annie garmin House . on third I think ? lionel third and basin . I know it . before lionel jet to join they . troy yo man . if I would go to you High School , I would have have you back . lionel smile and head after he new friend . 78 ext . kurt house - night 78 lionel pause before he old home - now fill with the chaos of a wild party . lionel clear he throat and head in . 79 int . kurt house - night 79 the party be dark and rambunctious . lot of white kid in costume . some as fairy or ninjas or spiderman - but most as pimp and thug . as blaxploitation character . as Barack Obama and condi Rice . as shaft , Ice cube , and 2 chainz . it 's a lot for lionel . cup be hand to they fill with " purple drank . " everyone downs the stuff . int . gillespie hall - night Troy be be appreciate by a ancient couple . troy ... my own firm . maybe run for office . make a difference you know ? 84 . the couple smile . a buzz draw Troy 's eye to he phone - photo from " dear White people " pop up in he news feed . 80 int . kurt house - night 80 lionel watch as Gordon and other pastiche crew nervously put up flyer and poster . they seem catch off guard . lionel glance at the poster - it 's kurt with a large afro wig mimick Sam 's " miss Black Culture " flyer . lionel this be kind of fuck up . right ? GEORGE pastiche . the world 's most erudite bonehead . who want another round ? come on lionel , help a brother out . lionel Kitchen 's this way . 80a entrance - continuous 80 a Coco enter the party - blinge out like Nicki minaj . she 's feel herself as she 's hand a drink . she 's get eye on she - for the first time like this at a party . but she see the same thing lionel see . her confidence start to fight a shame that creep up beneath she party face . she switch she iphone to video mode ... coco hey there muffins . how do I look ? why be white folk so obsessed with be Black ? and why be Black folk so addict to blonde barbie doll weave ? honey it 's a strange symbiosis we be here to explore ... Coco 's voice crack as she stare into she own image on she iphone . she pause it and take a breath . 80b hallway - continuous 80b lionel lead George through the dense crowd towards the kitchen - George pull lionel into a hallway and into ... 80c bathroom - continuous 80c ... the bathroom and up against the door . George inhale lionel 's lip . run he finger through lionel 's hair . 85 . lionel ouch . GEORGE sorry . lionel it 's okay . can not wait to cut all this off . GEORGE do not you dare . George plunge he finger into lionel 's for once again . pull a touch too hard . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I could eat you like a hershey 's . this set something off in lionel . lionel I will be right back . lionel break George 's grasp and head out the bathroom ... live room - continuous ... and back out into the party . he 's trap in a nightmare of caricature and reveling student . can not breathe . ext . kurt house - night lionel squeeze he way outside . something go off in he head as he start walk away from the party . just then kurt arrive in front of the house with some friend . look at lionel then at the house . kurt what the hell ? 81 int . armstrong / parker - night 81 lionel pace the hall . his mind churn as he pass the dining hall . Sam and Reggie be engage in something intense . dine hall SAM for a genius dude you be a fuck idiot . 86 . reggie I do it , we do it for you . SAM I do not ask for it Reggie . I look like I betrayed this house . reggie yeah ? well you betrayed I . Sam get up and storm out - brushes past lionel . lionel Sam ? can we talk ? Sam turn back around fiercely . 82 int . kurt house - night 82 a turntable be uncover and roll out - as a dude dressed like serena william start up a mystikal record . the crowd start to get live now . Coco continue to make she way through the party - she face visibly perturb by the time she reach the kitchen . she continue out back ... 83 ext . kurt backyard - night 83 ... and sit pull out a cigarette . she see Annie put on a long straight Black wig and brag to friend ... annie hey who be I ? " bitch it 's weave . noun . present tense ho ! " right in the gut . she 's play Coco . Coco grab she phone ... 84 int . kurt house - continuous 84 kurt stumble about the party in a daze . drunk ? folk give he prop while he search for and spot Gordon with the other . his phone ring . kurt yeah ? intercut coco kurt , it 's I . I can not do this . 87 . kurt okay , I be fuck confuse . 85 int . sam' room - night 85 lionel sit across from Sam . SAM what do you want I to do ? go over there and yell at they ? lionel have you hear you yell ? SAM this house be fill with folk willing to take up after a cause lionel . believe I . never would have guess you would be one of they but ... lionel for the first time in my life , I can not just sit around and do nothing . how can you ? SAM if I be catch be a part of anything like this ... it would not be good for I right now okay ? lionel get up and walk towards the door . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be do be everybody 's angry Black chick . Sam look down as lionel get up and head out . Sam 's focus shift to she Super 8 rest by the door and then to a bullhorn directly across from it . her mind tick . 86 int . armstrong / parker hall - night 86 lionel exit and pace down the hall . he walk by the dining room - take over by Reggie , the bofros , and a mix of other student mostly from armstrong / parker . 86a dine hall - continuous 86a lionel gingerly walk in the room . he 's still a outsider here - but something 's change in he . 88. lionel hey . how 's it go . hi. no one answer he - just stay to they own conversation . lionel spot a familiar face ... sungmi . lionel ( cont 'd ) hey ... what be this ? sungmi Black Student Union . lionel smile shyly . he should have know that . Reggie , curl , dread and the bofros hang out at the front . dread you call then man . reggie ( to everyone ) alright ya will - thanks for come out tonight . look like Sam 's not make it so ... let 's just call it . the crowd start to talk amongst themselves , get up and leave . just then lionel stand and before he can think ... lionel uh. Excuse I . hi. I be lionel . some of you ... none of you probably know I . I have never be to a meeting . but I just come back from a party on campus and I think you should know about it . lionel 's nerve can be hear in he voice now . he 's get the judge eye of the room fix silently on he . he see a open laptop on a desk . lionel ( cont 'd ) anybody mind if I ? Reggie shift a bit as lionel go to the laptop and pull up the party on Facebook . the crowd gather around as lionel browse through the photo . lionel ( cont 'd ) I mean ... I do not know . this be fuck up right ? reggie alright brother . what 's the plan ? 89 . lionel realize the eye be not judge . they be mobilize . readying for action . lionel steel himself . lionel we go over there . now . curl think there 's enough of we ? sungmi you know you do not have a monopoly on be a piss off minority . latino 's United be meeting across the hall . asian american League too . ( off the stare ) you guy get better snack . 87 int . gillespie hall - night 87 Troy scroll through a endless amount of Facebook upload from the party . Forties , bad afro wig , fake ass . shove in between two rich old well to dos at a long table cover in empty plate and glass - Troy look across to he father , in mid exaggerated guffaw with President fletcher . troy dad ... dean fairbank not now Troy . troy it 's important . there 's something happen on campus . I might have ... dean fairbank you be be rude son . Dean fairbank turn away . Troy ponder a moment and then -- troy oh be I ? how about I tell you precious donor and anyone here who will listen about the kind of a school it be they be give to ? the Dean can feel the eye of the donor and the President on he - a outrage come over he as he pull Troy aside . 90 . dean fairbank I do not know who you think you be young man but you do not get to talk to you father any kind of way . troy all I say to you be yes sir and no sir ! look I should have bring this up before but -- ( off fairbank dismissal ) -- listen to I ! Dean fairbank try to cover this moment with a smile . 88 int . kurt kitchen - night 88 kurt , still daze , huddle with he core pastiche group . kurt what ? gordon yeah dude . we all get it . I mean , everything 's cool right ? a noise in the other room startles they ... 88a live room 88a ... it 's Reggie who knock over a bowl of chip . dread argue with a few people . Martin rip shade off a kid 's face . the party swarm with bsu kid and they latino / asian ally . a smash yank kurt 's attention back to the kitchen ... 88b kitchen 88b ... where lionel smashes bottle of liquor in the sink . kurt lionel ? kurt yank the booze from lionel and shove he . kurt ( cont 'd ) the fuck you think you be do man ? lionel shove kurt into the bar divide . a few of the bsu kid flood into the kitchen and hold kurt back . kurt ( cont 'd ) that all you get ? 91 . lionel we be put a end to this kurt . kurt fuck you I be call the cop . martin half of this crowd be under 21 . a loud amp sound alert everyone to the dj platform in the live room . 88c live room 88c Mitch have take over the mic . mitch gimme that mic before I slap ya look for some dyke , that wanna another chapta . if you do I slow , you can do I faster , I will pass you to the nigga on my right , he get you after . lionel kurt -- kurt -- why do not you tuck you tail between you leg , run and tell the Dean and get the fuck out . lionel sink from this attack while he posse from bsu watch helplessly as the party go back into full swing . lionel turn to go and spot ... ... George who join Annie , fresh beer in hand . but right behind George be ... ... Sam , have just arrive with she camera in hand point at the rap battle . she wink at lionel . lionel turn around - summon something from deep inside . lionel step onto the dj platform and snatch the mic out of one of the rapper 's hand . lionel heyyyy ! hoooo ! heyyy ! hooo ! 92 . the crowd be with it - think it 's part of the show as lionel proceed to freestyle terribly ... lionel ( cont 'd ) my name be lionel , some people call I li. lot of people think that I talk kinda white . well that 's alright . yeah that 's cool . I would rather you think I be white , than tap dance for you . with that lionel take the mic and smashes it on the wall . he then take the turntable by he hand and flip it over . spark fly - the amp go crazy - the crowd be in shock . lionel grab a speaker tower and slam it to the ground . lionel 's off the platform now . kurt grab he - Reggie push kurt away in he defense . Gordon grab Reggie - a fight break out . more equipment be slam to the ground and stomp on as the party disintegrate into chaos . Sam dodge fight to capture it all with the camera . Art be be rip from the wall . dish be smashed on the ground . argument come to physical blow . the steel in Sam 's gaze fade . replaced by ... heartbreak ? and then she spot ... ... Coco squeezing she way through the crowd for the door . Sam 's camera and mic stay train on Coco . coco what ? say it . come on . Sam stay silent . coco ( cont 'd ) this may come as a shock , but this people do not give a fuck about no harriet muthafuckin tubman . they pay million of dollar on they tan , they lip , they ass , jay - Z ticket , you name it , cause they wanna be we . ( more ) 93. coco ( cont 'd ) so they get to be for a night . I be not about to go out into the street in protest of a Halloween party . Sam keep she mouth shut and she camera roll as Coco realize it 's herself she 's try to convince . Coco storm off . Sam exhales and lower she camera . this be new for she . keeping she mouth shut . 89 ext . kurt house - night 89 Coco trudge down the side walk - yank off she hair , she lash , she bling - shed the shame of the night . 90 ext . kurt be yard - night 90 kurt hustle lionel out into the yard . kurt shove he to the ground . kurt dude . I know you can not help it ... lionel just get back up again only to be slam down . kurt ( cont 'd ) ... but why be you such a fag dude ? lionel spit in kurt 's face and pop right back up again . we see it in he eye - he will never give up . kurt 's hand be on lionel 's collar . he push he down again . kid be all around - some from the bsu - some from pastiche - some from the bugle . everyone hold a opposite party back . lionel look over at he audience and then into kurt 's eye . lionel lean in and kiss kurt on the mouth long and hard . lionel finally get I where you want I . kurt 's in shock . he look at he crew who laugh at he . lionel see the surprise in the eye of he new supporter as well . no time to soak this in though . kurt 's let up . for a moment . lionel turn back to kurt and punch he in the face . the bsu kid go crazy in support . the shock go - kurt damn near knock lionel out . the world go all slow motion and out of focus . lionel sort of make out that kurt be yank off he . 94 . kid run in different direction - flashlight fill the yard - one be shine directly on lionel . campus safety guard and a couple police officer surround he . 91 int . kurt house - night 91 the motor on Sam 's Super 8 tick away . the party be at a complete standstill . Troy enter and look around in disbelief . make eye contact with kurt who be be hold by a campus Safety Officer . Dean fairbank enter and stand in the middle of the chaos . Sam tip toe in for a close up and hold out a small mic . dean fairbank what be all this ? 92 int . auditorium - night 92 a series of shot from a movie be projected on a screen we see the Dean look about the party with disappointment . CUT to : 92a kurt look bewilder outside he house after the 92a party . we hear boos from a crowd . the carnage be devastating . window be blow out - trash and destroy furniture on the lawn . ash where fire be put out . kurt I do not do this . Sam . I have nothing to do with this . CUT to : 92b morning news 92b anchor what some be call a " race war " have erupt at one of the nation 's oldest and most prestigious -- CUT to : 92 gillespie forum now fill with student who sit before 92 Dean fairbank and President fletcher for a town Hall . everyone wear a look of outrage . 95 . dean fairbank we do not condone this egregious event and be investigate its origin . the president and I be look at way to address issue of diversity at Manchester . reggie housing reform ! applause break out amongst the crowd . but so do boo . CUT to : 93 various spot around campus . student address the camera . 93 mitch I be sorry but it 's bullshit . yo this be how we get down . if you can not take a joke in this day and age ? the fact we can joke about it prove we have move on you feel I ? this be a attack on free speech ! we be the victim here ! CUT to : 93a a series of bust have be painted in black face outside 93a of armstrong / parker where lionel address the camera ... lionel it 's hard enough for we to even get into a school like this . let alone succeed . find we way . this be only a debate because of who kurt 's dad be , which just prove the point . all you do be have a radio show and look what happen to you . CUT to : 93b coco as she talk directly to camera . 93b coco I know this may come as a shock , but nobody give a fuck about no harriet muthafuckin tubman ... they wanna be we . so they get to be for a night . CUT to : 96 . 93c a poster feature Troy render like the famous shepard 93c Fairy Obama poster with the word " a new hope " write at the bottom as well as " troy broussard for president . " this get some more applause from the crowd watch . troy of course I get my dad involved . it be the right thing to do . I do not mean for all this to happen . all the poster and everything . SAM ( o.s. ) but you would welcome it ? a shot for school president . troy I think ... I would make more than few people happy if I run . CUT to : 93d radio booth - where Sam put she headphone on . she 93d linger . SAM ( v.o. ) even though I would be expressly forbidden to do so , I want to do one last show . something to sum up the moment . to savor in the pop of the post racial bubble just burst . SAM dear White people ... SAM ( v.o. ) I want to react . Sam take in a thoughtful breath before ... SAM ... know what ? nevermind . she fade in a melancholy piece of be - bop before hang she headpone up as the title on the project movie fade in : " ... black face by samantha white " Sam stare nervously at the screen as the light come on , when all at once the room break into applause . Sam turn to see that the entire room be on it 's foot include prof bodkin and gabe . 97 . 94 int . dean's office - day 94 Dean fairbank loosen he tie , flanke by several school official . they have be here for hour listen to ... kurt once I hear what the group be plan , I send out a email to the staff to cancel it . you have the email print in front of you . dean fairbank who 's this ? kurt turn to a suite man next to he . kurt my lawyer . CUT to : 94b we will be cross cut between several of this session . 94b coco so when I get the invite and see everyone click " yes " I figure it be back on . dean fairbank you be hope to make the staff ? coco ... CUT to : dean fairbank at what point in time do you show up to the event ? 94c Sam sit with arm fold . 94c dean fairbank ( cont 'd ) samantha . please . SAM why be I even here ? CUT to : kurt 94 guy throw party at the house all 94 the time . 98 . dean fairbank we know you be plan this . kurt you son tell you that ? CUT to : 94d fairbank stare down he son . Troy be silent and anxious . 94d dean fairbank ( read ) " ... wishing you could sip on henny out yo crunk cup without a bitch give you the side - eye ? " ( and then ) you write this Troy ? Troy look up at he father embarrassed . troy no . mine be not choose . dean fairbank but you want to be ? troy what I want do not matter then . why should it matter now ? I tell you about the party , remember ? CUT to : dean fairbank 94 the invite come from the pastiche 94 Facebook account . kurt I loathe Facebook . a official whisper something in fairbank ' ear . kurt ( cont 'd ) you have get to believe I . dean fairbank you have use that line on I before this year Mr. fletcher . when a homophobic message mysteriously appear on a voice mail line you share with a roommate . CUT to : 99 . dean fairbank ( cont 'd ) what be you intention when you go back the second time ? lionel to stop it . dean fairbank by any mean necessary ? lionel someone once tell I ... Manchester be like jazz . I do not know much about jazz . but from what I can tell , when you solo 's up , you better blow . fairbank fight a smile . CUT to : 94c SAM 94c all I do that night be hit record brother . the Dean take a gulp from a glass of water . he stand and look out he huge window onto the campus below . CUT to : 94e the Dean have Facebook open on he computer . official 94e be take a break . drink water . discuss the day . the Dean try a few password . CUT to : 94c dean fairbank 94c want to hear something strange ? the Dean turn from the window . dean fairbank ( cont 'd ) the pastiche group page have not be use for month , until the invite go out . CUT to : 94e the Dean try a different password . still invalid . 94e CUT to : 100 . 94c SAM 94c fascinating . dean fairbank well what 's interesting be how easy it be to access the group before the note be send . the password be " pa$tiche " spell with a dollar sign accord to kurt . seem recently it 's be change . CUT to : 94e the Dean try one more . it work . 94e CUT to : 94c dean fairbank ( cont 'd ) 94c could not figure it out at first . then I think to try something . five , seven , eight , three , five , twenty six , one , nine , four , six . eleven number . just like we student id number . just like you student id number . SAM as much as you hate he , you will stop at nothing to protect you master and he boy . dean fairbank do you send out the invite Sam ? SAM that invite , whoever send it should have be meet with derision and outrage . instead , a hundred people show up and they pull out poster and decoration and costume they would make for just such a occasion . Sam and Dean fairbank at a stalemate . silence fall in the room . the Dean 's mind tick . 95 ext . manchester university - day 95 a pack of emerald bugle newspaper hit the stand with the headline : " investigation inconclusive ! fletcher goe free . no expulsion made " 101 . next to it be another stack of papers from the independent observer . the headline read : " ebony &amp ; ivy : can there be harmony ? by lionel higgins . " George pick up a copy of the observer and start to read ... 96 int . troy and lionel' apartment - day 96 lionel flip through he own article as well . a satisfied grin on he face as a razor make its way through he hair . lionel 2 chainz ? shaft ? while endless complex depiction of white , white man in particular exist - there be not that many version of we in the culture . his lock waft towards the ground as Troy style a fresh and fearless fro-hawk atop lionel 's head . lionel ( cont 'd ) Culture have a powerful way of tell people what they can and can not be . for people of color the option be rather limited . troy next James baldwin up in here . wait hold on a sec . Star Trek be back from commercial break . Troy and lionel watch in silence . 97 ext . manchester university - day 97 gabe be just about finish with lionel 's article too . look up just in time to see ... gabe hello Sam . Sam sneer at he formality . gabe ( cont 'd ) read about armstrong / parker . SAM yeah . prez make a executive withdrawal . armstrong stay Black . gabe congrat ? 102 . SAM ( with a shrug ) get too dramatic man . think about get a apartment off campus . we will see . gabe Sam go against the grain ? shock . how 's papa White ? SAM he 's recover . gabe good. well ... gabe fight the urge to hug she . SAM we be actually on the phone last night for hour . first time we talk since the bypass . he be put up a strong front . teasing I about be so worried . then come the storey about I as a little girl I would hear a thousand time . about how independent I be . gabe smile politely . sense she need a moment . gabe want to talk about it ? SAM my mother work night so he would take I to school . and it piss I off because he would follow I all the way to homeroom . every time he try to hold my hand I would scream and pull away . he think I be just be ... difficult . a hint of recognition in gabe . be this about they ? SAM ( cont 'd ) but it be the kid . and the parent and the teacher . they would see this Black girl and this white man and wonder what we be do together . even at nine I could feel they eye on I . especially at nine . it bring tear to my eye . gabe 's stone face melt at this . 103 . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be just a bratty girl , do not know any better but -- the think of lose he -- you know ? I just feel so bad . how awful be I to do that to he ? to anyone I love ? gabe get it . this be a explanation . a apology , to he . his arm be on she shoulder now . gabe I be sure he forgive you . SAM think so ? gabe nod . Sam 's normal defense come back up lest she cry . SAM ( cont 'd ) so anyway . I do not mean to say all of that . I do not know why I do . gabe Sam . where be you go ? SAM I do not know . lunch ? gabe start to walk with she . gabe be not it Mac and cheese day at armstrong / parker ? SAM think they will let you in ? gabe smile . they walk a bit . then he grab she hand . Sam let the moment happen . squeeze he back . they look into each other ' eye . do not even notice as Reggie and the bofros pass they by . 98 int . conference room - day 98 Coco sit across from Helmut . he 's get he eye on a youtube clip from Sam 's movie feature Coco . coco ( youtube ) I know this may come as a shock , but they do not give a fuck about no harriet muthafuckin tubman ... 104 . helmut two hundred thousand view . look they even auto-tune it . with a click Helmut pull it up . autotuned coco ( youtube ) muthafuckin tubman ! muthatfuckin tubman ! do not give a fuck about no muthafuckin tubman ! Coco 's not sure what to think . helmut couple month , that 's how long shoot for a episode take . we recommend you cut you course load in half to accommodate the schedule . coco half ? helmut trust I it it will read " full - time " in the episode . if ... once we go to series , we might have to figure out a summer schedule . coco for shoot ? helmut for uh ... class and stuff . wo not be graduate early anymore sweetheart . Helmut shift a contract over to Coco . helmut ( cont 'd ) five grand for the episode . twenty each if you get pick up for series . what do you say ? Coco stare at the contract and back at Helmut . helmut ( cont 'd ) trust I sweetie it 's the same out there as it be in here . good news be ? against all that damn white you and I ? we pop . think I want to be the go - to producer for all thing Black ? 105 . Coco shrug . helmut ( cont 'd ) tell you what 's worse though . be that break nigga stick on the south side of Chicago . hundre and fiftieth street . Coco take a deep breath . stare right into he eye -- 99 ext . manchester - day 99 Coco exit a building and spot Troy up ahead . he 's flanke by he former enemy turn supporter , Reggie and the other bofros . they all carry Troy 's " New hope " poster . coco make some new friend ? Troy shrug as Coco grab for he hand . he pull away and share a glance with Reggie , who do not approve . coco ( cont 'd ) Fine . troy come on Coco . coco fuck you . Coco start to walk ahead . troy my dad see you video . he 's a little worried about -- coco -- how it will look . with you campaign and all . what 's you best friend Reggie think ? Troy motion for Reggie to go on ahead . troy we have fun , alright ? coco I get everyone else want you to win Troy . but do you ? Troy do not know how to answer that . he stare at the triumphant , win version of himself on he poster . 106 . Coco 's eye shift longingly as she walk ahead - unsure of who she be at the moment and who she will be in the next . watch she be lionel and Sam - sit with gabe and sungmi . they both know that look well ... SAM hey lionel . with I out and Troy move on - a / p 's go to need a new head of house . lionel think there 's a story there ? who do you think it will be ? Sam and sungmi share a glance and stare right at lionel . lionel ( cont 'd ) what ? no . sungmi everyone love you . wo not be hard to rally the vote . SAM yeah . we get you man . lionel take in this moment . one of complete acceptance . 100 int . fletcher office - day 100 fairbank turn from the window in fletcher 's office to join he at he desk . they be all ear as they look across to ... helmut let I get this straight . first you try to break up the Black house . then you take down the sister with the little radio show . and after all that , you kid throw a blackface party ? fletcher now wait a minute ! helmut you think you be have money problem before ? wait till cable get they hand on this story . Bill maher be go ' fuck you up ! fletcher I have hear enough -- 107 . helmut -- wait I be sorry . look from where I be sit this place be a goldmine . dean fairbank what ? helmut for one we get to show the event that lead up to the party -- dean fairbank -- that already happen . helmut well yeah , but we can reenact -- dean fairbank -- reenact ? helmut documentary term ... look , I can start put together a overall deal today . I be talk real money ! turn out the one thing America like in it 's reality more than ignant Black folk , be crazy racist White people ! dean fairbank now you look here . this be a honorable institution . the idea that we would so much as entertain this suggestion -- fletcher hold he hand up . his turn to speak . fletcher how much we talk ? fairbank ' outrage turn to resignation as Helmut , the one winner here smile . dollar sign in he eye . 100 CUT to black . 100