who shot Roger rabbit " who shot roger rabbit ? " ( work title ) written by Jeffrey price and Peter S. seaman third draft September 2 , 1986 who shot roger rabbit ? this movie start the way all movie should ... with a cartoon . it 's not a Disney or a Warner 's . it 's not a fleischer , a mgm , or a lanz . this be a lesser know studio . fade in : on a " maroon cartoon " accompany by zany cartoon music , the title card read : maroon cartoon present baby herman and roger rabbit in " the bunnysitter " below be two cameo of the cartoon 's star . one picture be of a cherubic baby in a bonnet innocently pose with he thumb in he mouth . the other be of a paunchy rabbit with a gap between he front tooth . he have a loveable , if slightly shell - shocked look . the cartoon begin ... baby herman and roger rabbit be in a playpen when two female legs in high heel walk into frame . the voice belong to the leg talk down to baby herman in a maternal coo . voice ( o.s. ) mommy 's go to the beauty parlor , darling . but I be leave you with you favorite friend , Roger . he 's go to take very , very good care of you ... ( voice turn ominous ) ... cause if he do not , he 's go back to the science lab ! Roger gulp as he watch the leg disappear . we hear footstep recede and a door slam . Roger turn confidently back to he charge . but the little tyke be already squeezing through the playpen bar . baby herman baby bye-bye ... Roger make a dive for he , miss , and get he head stick between the bar . he plead with the baby in a voice that resonate of huntz Hall in " the bowery boy " . roger rabbit hey , come back ! you hear what you mother say ! baby herman ignore Roger . we follow he as he crawl into the kitchen . he stop to regard something that have catch he attention ... a cookie jar . it 's sit on top of the refrigerator . baby herman coo-kie . roger wear the playpen like a pillory , come run toward the kitchen . but the playpen be too wide to clear the door . the impact shatter the playpen and send Roger sprawling across the kitchen floor . when he look up ... baby herman be swinging precariously on the door of the freeer . roger rabbit hang on , baby . I will save you ! Roger make a desperate leap across the kitchen for the kid . but baby herman swing the door to the freezer open and Roger disappear inside . baby herman grab a cookie and swing back , shutting the door . he climb down and crawl out of the kitchen . after a beat , the freezer door open . roger now shape like a block of ice , fall out and hit the floor . the block shatter into ice cube . Roger look around , daze . baby herman have take this opportunity to crawl out the window . Roger race to the window . his eye pop out of he head at what he see . roger' Pov baby herman be crawl along the sidewalk under the shadow of a safe be hoist into a second floor window by the acme safe move company . the rope hold the safe be fray down to a slender thread . roger gasp and rocket out the window toward baby herman . the rope snap . the safe fall . Roger arrive just in time to pluck the baby out of harm 's way . but not in time to save himself . the safe crunch down on he head , bury Roger into the sidewalk . after a beat , Roger 's hand appear and spin the tumbler . the safe door open . Inside , we see the daze rabbit with little tweeting bird circle he head . voice ( o.s. ) cut , cut , cut ! the cartoon action stop abruptly , but the goofy cartoon music plays on . we begin a slow pull back to reveal that this cartoon be be film live on a SOUND stage . the title card sit on a easle . the female leg be paper mache ' prop manipulate by two human crew member . wearily , they lean the leg up against the stage wall . a human director , wear a tweed jacket and baggy pleate pants , step onto the set . from the equipment and the dress of the crew , we can tell it 's the 1940' . baby herman throw he cookie down in disgust . he talk in a gravelly voice a octave lower than wallace beery 's . baby herman what the hell be wrong with that take ?? director nothin ' with you , baby herman . it 's on Roger ... again ! ( over shoulder ) hey ! could we lose the playback ? the music suddenly stop as , off to the side , the soundman lift the needle off a phonograph record . the director lean over Roger and angrily pluck one of the bird circle he head . director ( continue ) what 's this , Roger ? roger rabbit ( sheepish ) a tweeting bird ? director that 's right , a tweeting bird . but what do the script say ? ' rabbit get conk . rabbit see star ! ' not bird , star ! baby herman aw , for cryin ' out loud , Roger ! I will be in my trailer ... takin ' a nap ! baby herman pull himself up to he full height of two foot and walk off the set . he choose a route that take he under the dress of the script girl . she jump as if goose . now two crew member lift the safe off Roger . roger rabbit please , raoul . I can give you star , I know I can . just drop the safe on my head one more time . director I have already drop it on you twenty - three time . roger rabbit do not worry about I . I can take it . director I be not worried about you . I be worried about the safe . continued pullback . what we have be see have be from the Pov of a man in a shiny brown suit stand unobtrusively at the back of the sound stage . under a beat - up fedora be a craggy face that 's see a lot in its life ... but apparently do not think much of it be funny . eddie valiant take a jolt from a pint of whiskey , evidently in reaction to what he 's see . he open he coat and return the pint bottle to a shoulder holster which have formerly hold a .38 . nerves steady , he walk out the stage door . ext . maroon studio - day valiant emerge from the stage onto a bustling Hollywood studio lot where cartoon character ( toons ) and human be comingle as if it be the most natural thing in the world . valiant stop by a acme novelty truck which be unload toon prop . there be bomb , rocket , flatten pocket watch , anvil , giant slingshot , etcetera . the license plate be California 1946 . he fish out a pack of chesterfield and tap out a half a butt that have be stubbed out . as he light it , valiant regards a chubby , bald man wear a three - piece suit and a worried expression come towards he . he be r.k. maroon , studio boss . maroon be lead a entourage of assistant try to keep up . maroon start tomorrow there will be no more roast beef lunch . what happen to cheese sandwich ? I be raise on cheese sandwich . as the assistant dutifully record he thought , maroon see a guy take a nap in the shade of a palm tree . maroon ( continue ) and tell that guy sleepin ' over there he 's fire ! assistant it 's you wife 's brother , r.k . maroon ( reconsider ) oh ... tell he he 's promote . but get he out of my sight . as the assistant disperse , maroon approach valiant . maroon valiant , do you see the rabbit ? valiant he be blowin ' he line , all right . so what ? maroon so what ? he 's already put I three week behind on the shoot schedule ! now a edith head - type hustle up to show maroon several costume design . costumer you reaction , r.k .? maroon quickly check out the draw . maroon no ! that 's not funny . she flip another draw . maroon ( continue ) that 's funny . put a homburg on he it will even be funnier . huh , valiant ? he grab the pad and show valiant . the rendering be of a hippo in a pink polka - dot tu-tu . valiant ( deadpan ) yeah , that would be a riot . maroon respond to valiant 's sarcasm with raise eyebrow . maroon Boy , I hope what you have be not contagious or I will be out of business . he hand the pad back to the designer , who depart . maroon ( continue ) how much do you know about show business , valiant ? valiant only there 's no business like it , no business I know . valiant watch a alligator in a rebel uniform drag a brace of cannon and several toadstool parade by . maroon yeah , and there 's no business as expensive . I be twenty - five grand over budget on the latest bunnysitter cartoon and it 's all because that rabbit can not keep he mind on he work . and you know why ? valiant one too many safe drop on he head ? maroon Nah , that go with the territory . he 's a stunt bunny . maroon take a copy of the " Hollywood tattler " out of he pocket . maroon ( continue ) here 's the problem ... ( read ) " see coo over calamari with notsonew sugar daddy be jessica rabbit ... wife of maroon star , Roger " . ( look up ) his wife 's a tramp , but he think she 's Betty crocker . the doubt 's eatin ' he up . valiant so what do you want I to do ? maroon get I a couple juicy picture . somethin ' I can wise the rabbit up with . valiant I do not work in toontown . maroon you do not have to . the rabbit 's wife sing at a underground toon revue joint call the ink & paint Club . you can catch she in action there . valiant the job 's gonna cost you a hundred buck . maroon a hundred buck ? that 's ridiculous . valiant so 's the job . valiant start to walk away . maroon all right , all right ... you get you hundred buck . maroon turn , snap he finger . his Assistant appear out of nowhere with maroon 's checkbook and a pen . the Assistant turn and stoops so that maroon can write the check on he back . maroon ( continue ) fifty now , fifty when you deliver the picture . maroon tear the check off and hand it to valiant . suddenly valiant duck in reflex to a large shadow that pass overhead . maroon ( continue ; chuckle ) kinda jumpy be not you , valiant ? it 's just dumbo . above there head - dumbo swoops back and forth , then hover , ear flap like a hummingbird . maroon I get he on loan from Disney . valiant be not you the lucky one ... valiant grab the check from maroon and start for the gate . maroon when will I hear from you ? valiant as soon as be humanly possible . we follow valiant out the gate under a wringht iron sign that read " maroon cartoon studios " . as he start across the road he 's almost run over by a toon roadster that roar out of the gate . when it blast its horn , it 's the first five note from the woody woodpecker song : " ha-ha-ha-ha - ha " . valiant jump back as the roadster pass . woody the woodpecker be behind the wheel with a self - important smile on he face . valiant angrily wave the cloud of toon dust away . valiant ( cough ) damn toon . across the STREET - a trolley car be slow to a stop in front of the studio . it 's a Pacific and electric " Red car " , part of a vast system of electric trolly that once criss-cross the L.A. basin . valiant step onto the " Red car " . he reach into he pocket to give the conductor he nickel fare . but he come up with a handful of lint . he hold out the check . conductor what do I look like , a bank ? the conductor jerk he thumb toward the door . valiant suffer the public humiliation , of have to step down past the rest of the board passenger . he walk around to the back of the Red car where a gang of ten -year-old be loitering . when the bell sound and the Red car start to pull away , the kid make a dash for a place on the cow catcher . valiant join they . we hold as the Red car move away and the street urchin regard they older partner in crime with curiosity . dissolve to : a billboard sign it read : " L.A. 's Pacific and electric Red car -- America 's finest Public transportation system " . pan down to see that the sign be on the roof of the trolley terminal . Red Cars be go in and out of the shed . move in on one car approach the terminal from down the street . as it pass by ... valiant hop off he freeloader 's seat on the back , kid so long , mister . valiant wave laconically . valiant thanks for the cigarettes . we follow valiant as he cross the street to a seedy bungalow . a note be push -pin to the door . close - note it say : " tomorrow 's Friday ... well ? dolore " . valiant take the note and walk back across the street toward the terminal . he climb up a flight of stair , head for a bar on the mezzanine . the bar sport a red neon sign that use to blink , " the Terminal Station bar " . but now it just say , " Terminal " . int . terminal bar - day the place must have be pretty swanky at the turn of the century when it be build in the first burst of enthusiasm over the new public transportation system . it 's in the motif of a trolley car . there 's a large map on the wail above the bar show all the different line . behind the bar be dolore . if you scrape off all the makeup , you would find a attractive woman in she late thirty . she minister to a rag-tag assortment of Hollywood low-life -- who be truly at the end of the line . valiant enter this de , let he eye adjust for a moment , then belly up to the bar . he find a spot between a one - armed black soldier and a midget stretch out on the bar pass out . now a trolley rumble underneath they . the bar start to shake like a earthquake , the light flicker . all the drinker , observe a time honore ritual , lift they glass simultaneously to avoid spilling any drop . even the midget lift he head until the trolley have pass . valiant reach over the bar and blind - grab a bottle of rye he obviously know be there . he pour himself a shot . valiant hey , fella , what 's the good word ? soldier lose my job . a arthritic cowboy pipe up . cowboy mule die . a deaf -mute scribbles a note on a pad hang around he neck . he hand the note to valiant . it say " my girl dumped I " . valiant pat he on the back , consol . valiant well , you know what they say about dame , augie ... then valiant mouth the rest of it for augie 's benefit only . augie read he lip , then start to roar silently , slapping he thigh . now dolore make she way down the bar . she grab the midget by the suspender and slide he out of the way . dolore so , makin ' dame joke , huh , Eddie ? well , lemme remind ya pal , it be a dame who take a hundred buck out of the till so you landlord would 't throw you out of you dump . and it be a dame who trust you for the money when no one else in town would . and it 's a dame who 's tired of waitin ' for you to straighten yourself out and get a job ! valiant would this be the same dame who 's go to feel awfully foolish when she find out I have get she money . valiant slide the check across the bar . dolore study it . she calm down a little . dolore this be fifty buck . I need seventy - five before they check the book tomorrow . valiant you will have it in the morning . now be a sport and lemme have twenty buck to put in my pocket . dolore be this paper even good ? valiant check the scrawl . dolore ( read ) r.k. maroon . now angelo , a neanderthal sit a few stool down , be tapping the shell of a hardboil egg . angelo maroon ? valiant , do not tell I you be workin ' for a toon ? who 's you client ? chilly willy or screwy squirrel ? angelo chuckle at he own joke and go to eat he egg . suddenly valiant darken . he grab angelo by the shirt and pull he up to he face . valiant get this straight , greaseball . I be not workin ' for a toon ! I would never work for a toon ! get that ? valiant jam the whole egg into angelo 's mouth , turn and storm out the door . angelo sputter and spit out the egg . angelo what 's he problem ? dolore toon kill he brother . ext . ink & paint club - night valiant knock on the door of , a non-descript building in a run-down factory area . a speakeasy style peephole slide open revealing the face of a toon gorilla . valiant offer the password . valiant Walt send I . the peephole slide close and after a beat the door swing open . int . club the gorilla , dress in a tux , give valiant the once over . valiant resent the assessment . valiant like you monkey suit . gorilla Wise ass ... we follow valiant down the hall toward the main room . we can hear laughter and zany music from within . int . MAIN room when valiant step through the doorway , we see the place be no dive . it 's a white tablecloth nightclub on a par with the El morroco or the Garden of Allah . behind the bar a caterpillar bartender be use he many arm to shake and pour several drink at once . meanwhile a dozen penguin waiter be glide back and forth along the table serve drink to the well - heele crowd . on stage donald duck and daffy duck be seat opposite each other at match grand pianos . what begin as a decorous duck duet on a tchaikovsky piece ( complete with knuckle - crack , seat-spinn preparation ) quickly accelerate to a loony game of one - upsmanship between this two irascible duck . there be keyboard stomping , lid-bang , piano wire pluck zaniness . the audience be howling . people be wiping the tear from they eye they be laugh so hard . all except ... valiant he light a cigarette impassively , not humor by the toon hijinx . he spot a empty table off to the side and make he way towards it . a silly geezer in a loud suit be at the next table . the geezer nod to he soberly as valiant pull out the chair and sit down . a loud flatulence SOUND erupt from under valiant . the geezer slap he thigh with the hilarity of it all . geezer will you listen to that ? it 's a pip ! I be think of callin ' it a whoopee cushion . valiant reach under himself and come up hold a deflate rubber bladder . the geezer retrieve it from he . geezer ( continue ) no hard feeling , I hope . put 'er there ... the geezer grab valiant 's hand before he can say no . we hear a buzz . valiant retract he hand as if shocked . the geezer howl with laughter and turn he palm to Eddie . geezer ( continue ) Hand buzzer ... real gasser . valiant roll he eye and grab a penguin as it glide by . valiant scotch . penguin there 's a two drink minimum . valiant just as long as there 's no maximum . geezer waiter , I will sign my check now . the penguin put a bill down on the geezer 's table and zip off . the geezer take a fountain pen out of he jacket and write on the bill . but there do not seem to be any ink come out . he shake and shake the pen to get it flow . it flow all right . ink splatter all over valiant 's shirt and pants . valiant look down at the stain , do a slow burn . the geezer start laugh . valiant jump up and grab he by the lapel . valiant that 's it for you , pop ! geezer ( freak ) calm down , son . look , the ink be go . valiant look down at he shirt . the stain be go . geezer ( continue ) see ? it disappear . valiant well , why do not you make like the ink ? valiant drop he into he chair and return to he seat . the penguin glide up with he drink . valiant swallow the first one with one quick jerk of the head . on stage Donald and daffy 's piano competition have reach a crescendo of mayhem . they have get the axe out , and in time with the music they reduce they pianos to matchstick . at the completion of the piece , they step to the front of the stage and with great decorum , arm around each other , they take they bow . the curtain come down to great applause . we hear sfx of crashing and bashing backstage . now from behind valiant , we hear a familiar high - pitch voice . cigarette girl cigar ... cigarettes ... Eddie ? valiant turn to see betty boop stand with a box of tobacco ware strapped around she neck . in contrast to all the other toon , Betty 's in black and white . betty boop ( continue ) gee , it 's swell to see you , Eddie . we miss you in toontown . valiant wish I could say the same . what be you doin ' here , Betty ? betty boop work 's be slow for I since the cartoon go to color . but I still get it , Eddie ... ( sing ) ' boop boop be -doop ' . valiant yeah , you still get it , betty. ( indicate geezer ) who 's Mr. jocularity ? betty boop ( lean in ) that 's marvin acme , the gag king . valiant shoulda guess . betty boop he come here every night to see jessica rabbit . valiant Big on the musical comedy , huh ? betty boop sound like you have never see she , Eddie . now the light dim and Betty move on . on stage the dour droopy walk out with the spotlight follow he . he 's the evening 's emcee . droopy ( deadpan ) hello , everybody . I hope you be all have as much fun as I be . I have a small announcement to make . jessica rabbit will not be able to sing tonight . there 's a roar of disapproval from the man in the crowd . they shower he with debris . droopy ( continue ; deadpan ) I be merely jest . without further ado ... here 's woman time two , toontown 's own chanteuse par excellance ... jessica rabbit ! there be excited applause as the light dim . a toon combo make up of crow in shade strike up the intro to the smokey song , " why do not you do right " . a spotlight hit the curtain . now a curvaceous leg poke out , teasingly . the crowd go wild as the rest of the body belong to the leg emerge . jessica rabbit be a generously endow red-headed bombshell . she 's a humanoid toon ... in she case , more beautiful than human . her figure be testimony to what a guy can do with a pencil and a fertile imagination , reaction - valiant this be not quite the bunny he expect Roger to be marry to . his jaw drop . and he reaction be mirrore all around the room . the man be panting so hard you could not keep a match light . closeup - jessica as she step to the mike . jessica rabbit ( sing ) ' you have plenty of money back in ' 22 you let other woman make a fool of you why do not you do right . like some other man do ... get out of here and get I the money too ... ' jessica take the mike and come off the stage . slinkily . she wander among the table , teasing the man as she go . now there 's a howl from behind valiant . a tex avery type toon wolf , who come masquerade as a human , could not help but show he true color at the sight of jessica . he howl as if it be a full moon . his tongue roll out of he head and pile up on the floor like so much clothesline . his eyeball telescope out of he head . and finally , the Wolf levitate and snap rigid like a open jacknife . as the Wolf make a rush for the stage , the gorilla bouncer grab he by the suspender . the Wolf , leg spin madly , practically knock valiant 's table over as he grab at jessica . but the Wolf have come to the end of he suspender . he snap back toward the gorilla who be hold a anvil in front of the suspender . clang ! the Wolf hit the anvil and slide to the floor . the gorilla calmly whisk he into a dustpan and carry he out . jessica like all good saloon singer , have continue she act undaunted . jessica rabbit ( sing ) ' why do not you do right . like some other man do ... ' she sashays over to the geezer 's table . teasingly , she swirl the whisp of white hair onto he head into a dairy Queen . he giggle gleefully and make a grab at jessica . but she slip out of he grasp like mercury . jessica rabbit ( continue ) ' you be not get no money ai not get no use for you ... ' now jessica work she way over to Eddie . she stop at he table and sing tauntingly . then with a flourish , she throw herself in he lap , and belt out the finale . jessica rabbit ( continue ) ' so get out of here ... and get I the money toooo ! ' there be raucous applause when she finish . jessica look deep into Eddie 's eye . jessica rabbit ( continue ) thanks for you lap . before Eddie can reply , she jump off , and slink offstage , leave Eddie a pile of human wreckage . valiant slug the rest of he drink down to put out the fire in he libido . when the light come up , valiant look over to where acme be slick down he eyebrow and patting he hair down . he stand , pick up a bouquet of rose from the chair beside he , and as he pass valiant 's table , give he a big wink . valiant watch acme disappear backstage . he stand , drop a couple buck on the table , and follow after he . backstage valiant step past the curtain , keep a discreet distance . he follow marvin acme down a corridor and around the corner . acme stop and knock on a dress room door . after a moment , it open and acme go inside . valiant check over he shoulder , but the backstage area be empty . he ease over to the door and put he eye to the keyhole . Pov through keyhole jessica be seat at she dress table . acme be on he knee next to she , kissing he way up she glove hand , eye close in ecstasy . jessica take she hand out of the glove and start comb she hair , leave marvin kissing a suspend toon glove . angle on valiant while he continue he peeping . the gorilla bouncer sneak up behind he . gorilla hey , whaddaya think you be doin ' , chump ? valiant who be you callin ' chump , chimp ? the gorilla smile sadistically when he recognize valiant . gorilla oh , it 's da comedian ... the gorilla grab valiant by the belt and lift he off the ground . he open the fire door and heave valiant out . ext . alley - night valiant come fly out the door and crash into a bunch of garbage can in the alley . the gorilla stand in the doorvay regard the daze valiant . gorilla and do not lemme catch you peepin ' face around here again . get it ? valiant ooga-booga . the gorilla slam the door . valiant pick himself up out of the garbage . he brushes himself off , then start down the alley toward the rear of the building . we follow he around the corner where he stop under jessica 's dress room window . he drag over a milk crate to stand on , take a small camera out of he pocket and open the bellow . he stand on the crate and aim the camera through the corner of the window , as we hear the muffled conversation from within . acme ( o.s. ) be we go to play pattycake tonight ? jessica rabbit ( 0.5 . ) marvin , I have a headache ... acme ( o.s. ) ( hurt ) but you promise ... jessica rabbit ( o.s. ) oh , all right . but this time take that hand buzzer off ... valiant 's eye widen in disgust . valiant Jesus Christ ... as he start clicking picture ... CUT to : ext . maroon studio - late night there 's one light on in the administration building . int . maroon' office - night it 's a large art deco office with wall cover with photo of maroon and various celebrity , human and toon. r.k. maroon be seat behind he desk . stand nearby be valiant . they be both regard a hysterical Roger rabbit , who 's hold a set of 8 x lo glossy . he 's wailing and crying , toon tear flooding off he in a torrent . roger rabbit pattycake ! pattycake ! valiant Baker 's man ... but no use ruinin ' a good pair of shoe over it . angle on rug Roger 's tear have form a puddle around the desk . valiant lift a well - wear oxford and shake the water off it . maroon hand Roger he handkerchief . Roger aah-oo - ga' he nose . maroon take comfort , son , you be not the first man whose wife play pattycake on he . roger rabbit I do not believe it . I will not believe it . maroon the picture do not lie . Mr. valiant here take they himself . Roger take another look at the picture . close - photo they be shot of jessica rabbit and marvin acme seat knee to knee , catch in the act of slapping palm ... really play pattycake . back to scene maroon get up and cross to a bar table set up by the window . he pour a drink from a crystal decanter as Roger start sobbing again . roger rabbit but jessy ... she 's the light of my life , the apple of my eye , the cream in my coffee ... valiant eye the booze longingly as he mutter to himself . valiant well , you better start thinkin ' about drinkin ' it black . maroon frankly , I be shocked . marvin acme 's be my friend and neighbor for thirty year . maroon gesture out the window . we see a blink neon sign on the roof of the building across the street -- " acme - if it 's acme - it 's a gasser ! " maroon ( continue ) who would have think he be the sugar daddy ? maroon turn and carry the drink to Roger . meanwhile , valiant sidle over to the bar to help himself . maroon ( continue ) well , the important thing now Roger , be to put all this behind you . ( hand he drink ) drink this , son , you will feel better . Roger take the glass and shoot it down in one gulp . maroon ( continue ) I know this all seem painful now , but you will find someone new . wo not he , Mr , valiant ? Eddie have just pick up the decanter to pour one for himself . valiant ( over shoulder ) oh , yeah . good lookin ' guy like he . dame will be breakin ' he door down . close - roger the booze be take its effect . there 's a rumble like a volcano about to erupt . suddenly Roger 's head turn into a toon steam whistle shrieking . the high pitch cause glass object in the room to shatter ... include the crystal decanter that valiant 's hold in he hand . it explode , soaking he suit with booze . valiant look down at the damage , completely exasperate . valiant son-of-a-bitch ... ( turn ) Mr. maroon , I think I will be goin ' now , so about the rest of my fee ... maroon sure , valiant , sure ... maroon sit at the desk and write a check . maroon be experience in this matrimonial matter , you have any advice for we friend here ? valiant cross to the desk and take the check . valiant my advice ? hop on over to reno , get yourself a quickie divorce . roger rabbit divorce ? never ! suddenly Roger jump onto maroon 's desk and grab valiant by the lapel . roger rabbit Marriage be a two - way street and we be just experience a detour ! jessica and I be go to get back together . we be go to be happy ! h-a-p - p - I ! Roger zip off the desk and crash out the window , leave a rabbit outline in the glass ... backlit by the blink acme sign . maroon and valiant walk to the window and look out the rabbit-shape hole in the window . valiant at least he take it well . int . valiant's bungalow - close - empty booze bottle - early morning pull back to reveal the bottle 's on the floor next to the couch valiant 's pass out on . he 's still dress in he clothes . pan the small studio apartment . in the kitchen / alcove , valiant have create a makeshift darkroom . we see a curtain on a clothesline . various trays , and some picture clipped up on clothespin . the picture depict jessica rabbit and marvin acme in various state of pattycake . now there be loud pounding on the door . but it do not break through valiant 's subconscious for several second . finally , he rouse , get up and walk a crooked line to the door . valiant open it and squint into the excruciate sunlight . when he eye focus , reveal a hang - dog police detective hold Eddie 's morning paper . valiant Lieutenant santino ... how ya doin ' ? santino ignore the question and regards valiant with a mixture of disgust and pity . lo. santino tell I you do not do a snoop job for a toon name Roger the rabbit . valiant that 's what you wake I up for ? santino flop open the morning paper . valiant 's eye narrow as he read it . the headline scream : " toon kill man ! " and underneath : " marvin acme murdered at the hand of jealous rabbit " . santino throw the paper on the sofa . lo. santino you get trouble , Eddie . ext . acme factory - day a L.A. police car turn into the yard of the acme factory and pull up in front of the old factory building . there 's all kind of official activity in the yard ... cop car , a coroner 's truck , etcetera . valiant and santino get out of the police car . santino start into the factory . but he realize valiant 's not follow he . he turn to see valiant look over the wall behind the factory , transfix . lo. santino now what ? valiant just have not be this close to toontown for awhile . valiant's Pov the sky above the wall be a different color , a little bit more vibrant , a " toon Blue " , you might call it . santino walk back and take valiant 's arm . lo. santino let 's go , somebody want to see you . santino lead valiant into the factory . int . factory - day it 's a large warehouse fill with stack of toon gag , .. box of dynamite , giant slingshot , boulder , everything you have ever see in a roadrunner cartoon . santino stop where a large black safe be imbed at a cockey angle in the floor . a forensic team be at work around the safe . they be chalking the outline around a body half obscure by the safe . lo. santino they say the rabbit get the safe idea from a cartoon he be makin ' the other day . valiant what a gasser . lo. santino wait here ... santino walk to acme 's glass office where a sobbing jessica rabbit be be interrogate . we can only see she , not the person do the interrogate . valiant sidle over to where the Forensic guy be dusting the photograph he have take for print . one of the Forensic guy look up from he work . forensic # 1 say , do not you use to be Eddie valiant ? valiant ignore the sling and arrow and survey the scene of the crime . the door of the safe be ajar . valiant try to look inside . Forensic # 2 close the door with he knee . now we hear the voice of jessica rabbit from behind they . jessica rabbit Mr. valiant ? valiant turn to the voice . whap ! jessica slap he hard enough across the face to make he head turn . jessica rabbit ( continue ) I hope you be proud of yourself . she turn on she heel and storm off , sobbing into a handkerchief . valiant , rub he jaw , look after she . so do the Forensic guy . forensic # 1 she like you , valiant . forensic # 2 ( low wolf whistle ) when they draw she , they break the pencil . now two white - jacket from the coroner 's office start to carry acme out on a stretcher . as they pass valiant , a hand still wear a Hand buzzer flop out . valiant grab it -- stop the stretcher . valiant make you wonder what in the world she be doin ' with a guy who do not clean he fingernails . close - hand imbedd under the fingernails be a reddish - brown substance . forensic # 1 so ... it 's blood . valiant peel a piece of it off ... it chip and fall to the ground . he squat to examine it . valiant it 's not blood , it 's paint . suddenly the end of a cane come down on valiant 's hand , pin it to the floor . valiant follow the cane up to it 's gavel - shape head -- past black pants , a black robe , to a cadaver - like complect face , and a large hook proboscis . the head be shave . rimless tinted glass obscure the eye . although he 's human , the total appearance be frighteningly vulture - like . judge doom be accompany by santino . doom be this man remove evidence from the scene of a crime ? lo. santino ( deferential ) uh ... no , judge doom . valiant here be just about to hand it over , be not you , valiant ? doom I will take that . doom take he cane off Eddie 's hand and reach out for the paint chip . valiant palm a piece and drop a smaller piece into doom 's hand . doom examine it . doom ( continue ) look like the decease grab a handful of you client 's pantaloon , Mr. valiant . valiant stand to face the judge , who tower over he . valiant he 's not my client . I be workin ' for r.k. maroon . doom yes , we talk to Mr. maroon . he tell we the rabbit become quite agitate when you show he the picture , and say nothing would stand in the way of he get he wife back . be that true ? valiant hey , pal , do I look like a stenographer ? lo. santino watch you mouth , Eddie , he 's a judge . doom smile thinly at valiant , tarn and walk with purpose towards the door . santino and valiant follow . doom the rabbit 's movement be fairly clear after leave the maroon studios . he run across the street , jimmied this door open , hoist the safe on a block and tackle ... ext . acme factory doom lead they outside and indicate a window . doom ... then stand out here wait for he prey . after he cold - bloodedly accomplish he task , he go home . he be almost apprehend there by my man . doom nod he head toward a group of sinister weasles ( a la Disney 's " wind in the willow " ) . they be loitering by a dogcatcher 's wagon with " toontown Control " on the side , clean they fingernails with switchblade and polish toon revolver . valiant Men ? they look more like weasle to I . doom yes , I find that weasle have a special gift for the work . ( turn back to valiant ) the rabbit do not contact you by any chance , do he ? valiant why would he contact I ? I just take some lousy picture . doom so you would not have any idea where he might be ? valiant have you try walla walla ? kokomo 's very nice this time of year . doom step into valiant 's face . doom I be surprised you be not more cooperative , Mr. valiant . a human have be murder by a toon . do not you appreciate the magnitude of that ? my goal as judge of toontown , have be to rein in the insanity . to bring a semblance of law and order to a place where no civilized person have ever be able to step foot . the only way to do that be to make the toon respect the law . suddenly a " ya-ha -hooey " interrupt he pontification , as a scruffy little toon gopher come hurtle over the wall from the toontown side . he 's hold he blacken rear end ... apparently the result of a run - in with a stick of dynamite . bonk ! the gopher hit doom in the back of the head , send they both sprawling . the gopher pick himself up and shake off the effect of the concusion . when he see who he 's knock down , he panic . gopher ( petrify ) judge doom ! here , let I get that for ya . he whip a clothes brush out of he back pocket and furiously try to clean the judge 's cloak . doom pick up the gopher by the scruff of the neck and get to he foot . doom why , you filthy little vagrant , you have soile my robe ! gopher it 's cleanin ' up real good . judge . doom you have defile a symbol of justice . as doom carry the gopher to the " toontown Control " wagon , valiant shoot a look to santino . valiant ( aside ) where would this gargoyle come from anyway ? lo. santino no one know . he buy the election a few year back . he 's be rulin' toontown ever since . when doom get to the wagon , the weasle open up the back . in place of steel bar be a stream of fluid . a weasle turn a key and the flow of liquid stop . the gopher start kick furiously , try to avoid the lock -up . gopher oh , no , judge , please , please , lemme go . I think I hear my mother callin ' I . finally , the gopher break free and make a desperate dash for the wall . doom watch he run and calmly turn to where he car be park . it 's a black lincoln touring car with a ugly bird - like hood ornament . doom voltaire ... the gopher ! suddenly . the hood ornament squawks to life . it 's a hideous toon vulture . the vulture flap into flight . just as the gopher be about to make it over the top of the wall the vulture 's talon sink into he rear end and lift he airborne . the vulture drop the gopher off with the weasle . they pin he down . gopher hey , do not I have any rights ? doom yes , you do ... to a swift and speedy trial . one of the weasle retrieve a briefcase from the sedan , put it on the hood and snap it open . twelve toon kangaroos pop up , arrange in a jury box . doom ( continue ) Court be now in session . he rap the gopher on the head with the gavel end of he cane . doom ( continue ) the defendant be charge with vagrancy , assault and resisting arrest . how do you find he ? the kangaroo court deliver the verdict instantly . twelve little kangaroos pop up out of they momma 's pouch , hold up small card , each with a letter spelling y-o-u a-r-e g-u-i -l-t-y . doom ( continue ) guilty as charge . case close ! doom slam the briefcase shut . he turn he attention back to the gopher . doom ( continue ) I hereby sentence you to the dip ! gopher oh no , not the dip ! anything but the dip ! I be too young to die ... as the judge pull on a black rubber glove , the weasle take out a stainless steel tub wheeze with sadistic glee . they fill it from a spigot on the truck . valiant what 's with the dip ? lo. santino that 's how he get rid of the troublemaker . it 's a combination of acetone , turpentine and paint remover . he call it the ... final solution . the gopher be wriggle and scream bloody murder as doom lift he up and hold he over the tub . then , as he 's lower into the solution , he start to disappear . his pathetic scream be snuffed mid - yelp . gopher help ! help ! he ... the gopher 's go . all that 's leave of he be a paint slick on the surface of the liquid . valiant Jesus . doom pull off the black rubber glove finger by finger and hand they to a weasle . he turn to valiant . doom they be not kid glove , Mr. valiant . but that 's how we handle thing in toontown . I would think you would appreciate that . he get into he car , he pause and look back at valiant . doom ( continue ) after all , do not a toon kill you brother ? int . terminal bar - day dolore be behind the bar cut lemon peel and prepare for the day 's bartend . there 's one early customer , a grey-haire trolleyman in he Red car uniform . his hat 's on the stool next to he and he 's already drunk . the door open . it 's valiant . he walk over to the bar , reach for a bottle and a shot glass and help himself . dolore pick up a copy of the morning paper . dolore hey , Eddie , look like you really step in it this time . valiant what be you complain about ? here 's you fifty buck . valiant slide the check across the bar . trolleyman ( mumble to himself ) thirty - five year and all I get to show for it be a ticket punch . valiant what 's with Earl ? dolore a new outfit buy the Red car . some big company call cloverleaf industry . valiant no kiddin ' ? buy the Red Cars , huh ? dolore bastard put he on notice . valiant pick up he glass . lift it in toast to the trolleyman . valiant here 's to the pencil pusher . May they all get lead poisoning . now the trolleyman unsteadily climb up on he stool to get close to the Holy grail ... the Red car route map over the bar . trolleyman ( wistfully ) the old number six line ... who 'da think they would close that one down ? dolore Eddie , get he down from there . he 's gonna break he neck . Eddie grab Earl around the leg and throw he over he shoulder like a sack of potato . he carry he over to a booth and put he down carefully , cover he with a tablecloth . trolleyman take you right to toontown , it do . valiant I know , I know ... poor s.o.b. valiant walk back to he drink at the bar . dolore do you think the rabbit do it ? valiant I do not wanna think . I wanna drink . voice ( o.s. ) make that a round . valiant and dolore look down the bar , but there 's no one there . finally the familiar cowlick of baby herman rise to the top of the bar as he clamber up a barstool . dolore we do not serve formula . snookum . baby herman you serve martinis , doncha ? dolore yeah ... baby herman slide he baby bottle down the bar to dolore . baby herman make it dry . baby do not like to be wet. ( to valiant ) you be valiant , right ? the name 's baby herman . valiant I know who you be . kinda out of you neighborhood , be not you ? baby herman yeah , I have to go slummin' . see , a friend of mine 's bein ' frame . valiant you mean the rabbit ? they get he cold . baby herman you do not believe that . I mean . the guy 's a idiot , a moron , a complete fool ... but he would never kill anyone . I know the guy . dolore bring baby herman he baby bottle cocktail . baby herman ( continue ) thanks , doll . when dolore turn around , baby herman pat she on the bottom . dolore ( over she shoulder ) oh , a lady man , huh ? baby herman ( sotto voce ; to valiant ) my problem be I get a fifty - year - old lust and a three - year - old dinkie . valiant my problem be I come here to drink in peace . so if you do not mind ... baby herman c'mon , valiant , do not this whole thing smell a bit funny to you ? I mean , no offense , but how do a mucky - muck like r.k. maroon find you in the first place ? dolore ( chime in ) yeah , Eddie , it 's not like you get a ad in the yellow page . valiant thanks for the vote of confidence . baby herman and another thing , the paper say no will be find . but every toon know acme have a will and , in it he promise to leave toontown to the toon . valiant so where be it then ? baby herman somebody take it from he . that 's what this whole thing 's about . dolore the papers say the safe door be open , Eddie . valiant stick to stuffin ' the olive , willya , dolore ? baby herman my hunch be it be maroon . he always be after acme 's property . valiant yeah ? do he wear pants this color ? valiant take the paint chip out of he pocket and dangle it in front of baby herman . baby herman no . but neither do Roger . that 's Diablo Red . Roger 's pants be sunrise Orange . dolore well , I will be ... baby herman so what 's you next move , valiant ? valiant my next move ? that 's easy . I be gettin ' up , and I be walkin ' out the door , and I be goin ' home to bed . valiant stand . dolore so you be not even gonna bother to find out if the rabbit 's gettin ' frame ? valiant he 's a toon ... who care ? baby herman shake he head sorrowfully . as valiant head for the door , dolore whap she towel down on the bar . dolore well , you use to care , Eddie . and it didn t matter if a client 's skin be black , white , or paint ! valiant ignore she and walk out the door . int . valiant's house - day Eddie come in the door with he coat over he shoulder . he toss the jacket over the chair and walk to the Murphy bed . he grab the strap , and loosen he tie , walk away from the wall , pull the bed down . what he do not see be ... roger rabbit asleep in the bed . valiant still with he back to Roger , sit down exhaustedly on the bed and kick off he shoe . he lie back and pull the cover over he . he close he eye , roll over to get comfortable . now he and Roger be nose - to-nose . they both open they eye at the same time . they freak . valiant ( scream ) aah ! roger rabbit ( scream ) aah ! they both jump out of the bed . valiant what the hell be you doin ' ? roger rabbit I need a place to hide . I be in trouble , Eddie . valiant so I hear . even talkin ' to you could get I a rap for aid and abetting . roger rabbit do not worry , Eddie , no one know I be here . valiant oh , yeah ? then how would you find my house ? roger rabbit well , I ask the newsboy on the corner . he do not know . then I ask a janitor , the fireman and finally the green grocer down the way . he be very helpful . valiant in other word , the whole goddamn world know you be here ! out ! get out ! Eddie try to open the door , but Roger block it spider - like , arm and leg extend . roger rabbit please , Eddie , do not put I out . I do not do it , I swear . valiant give up try to open the door and grab Roger . he pull and he pull . finally Roger snap off like a break rubber band . the two of they go tumble backward . valiant make a grab for Roger but he slip out of he grasp like quicksilver . roger rabbit ( continue ) sure I want to win jessy back , but not that way . valiant lunge again . Roger dodge . roger rabbit ( continue ) after I leave you , I go to see she at the ink & paint Club . valiant pick himself up and try to catch he breath . roger rabbit ( continue ) she be on stage , so I find a piece of paper and write she a love letter . Roger pull a piece of paper out of he pocket and start read . roger rabbit ( continue ) ' dear jessy . how do I love thee ? let I count the way . 1-1000 , 2-1000 , 3-1000 ... valiant leap for Roger and get bim by the throat . he rip the paper out of Roger 's hand and crumple it up and throw it down . he open the door , throw Roger outside and quickly slam the door shut . he lean against it , breathe hard . suddenly , Roger come through the mail slot like a limbo dancer . valiant , too tired to chase he , just watch he . roger rabbit ( continue ) hey , that be not very nice . he retrieve the love letter , straighten it and put it back in he pocket . roger rabbit ( continue ) it take I almost a hour to compose that . but I decide not to leave it anyway . I would read it in person , that be my plan . valiant cross to the kitchen area where the dark room be still set up . he open the cabinet under the sink and come out with a bottle of scotch . he take a shot glass and pour himself one . valiant look , pal , if you be still here when I finish this drink , I be callin ' the police . roger rabbit do not do that ! I be innocent I tell ya . the police will just dip I . they be waitin ' for I when I get home last night . I run . valiant if you be so innocent , why would you run ? roger rabbit gee , Eddie , I be a rabbit . we always run . valiant shoot the drink down and hold up the empty glass . valiant that 's it . he cross to the phone on the counter . he lift the receiver and start to dial . roger rabbit well , this be the moment of truth ! and I have speak the truth , but you will not believe the truth . so I guess the truth be my goose be cook , my hash be sling . my fait be accompli . as valiant finish dial , he idly put the empty shot glass down on a photograph on the counter . roger rabbit ( continue ) wo not anything change you mind ? valiant turn from the plead rabbit . now something he see on the counter get he attention . Pov through shot glass the shot glass be rest on one of the reject picture of acme and jessica . the bottom of the glass be magnify the back of the exuberant marvin acme . stick out of he back pocket be a legal folder head " last will and Testament " . close - valiant he look as if the truth have just hit he in the face . valiant the goddamn will . voice ( on phone ) l.a.p.d .? valiant slowly return the phone to the cradle , roger rabbit you mean you believe I ? now outside we hear tire screeching to a stop . Roger run to the window and pull back the drape . his eye bug out of he head . roger rabbit it 's toon Control ! valiant come to the window and look out , too . valiant's Pov the toon Control wagon have stop in front of the house . the weasle pile out . one of they take what look like a butterfly net out of the back . several other grab violin case . eddie and roger valiant jerk Roger back behind the curtain . valiant get away from that window . Roger , elate , jump into valiant 's arm . roger rabbit you be gonna help I ? how can I ever thank you ? he plant a big wet toon kiss on valiant 's lip . valiant for starter ... do not ever kiss I . ext . bungalow the weasle be filing up the walk to the front door . the leader pound on the front door . weasle Police ... int . bungalow valiant put Roger down . valiant I will talk to them . find a place to hide . Roger zip to the closet door and go inside . valiant ( continue ) not in there . that 's the first place they will look . valiant go to the closet and open the door . reveal Roger be now dress in Eddie 's trenchcoat and hat . playfully , Roger snap one of the handcuffs onto Eddie 's wrist . he 's get the other attach to one of he wrist . roger rabbit Eddie valiant ... you be under arrest ! just kid ... valiant you idiot . I lose the key for that cuff . boom ! boom ! boom ! the knocking be more impatient . valiant look to the door . weasle ( o.s. ) open up ! ext . valiant's door the weasle open the violin case and take out real tommy gun and shoulder they in team of two . suddenly they unleash a torrent of machine gun FIRE , make the outline of a weasle in the door with bullet . the leader blow on the cut - out and it fall in . the weasle file through one by one . int . apartment the weasle do not bother to look around . they all just start blasting . bullet fly every which way . the barrage destroy valiant 's apartment in a matter of second . when the shoot stop and the smoke clear , the weasle look around . the head weasle spot blood all over the kitchen floor . weasle # 1 we get he . but when he look behind the counter , it 's only a shattered ketchup bottle . ext . rear of apartment Eddie and Roger , handcuff together , be beat it down the alley . Roger , be a rabbit , be beat it a lot faster . he 's kick up dust , he leg be blur . valiant stumble try to keep up . when they round the corner , Roger slam on the brake , toon style . valiant go skid past he and be jerk to a stop like a dog on a short leash . valiant hey ! what do you think you be doin ' ? roger rabbit sorry , Eddie , I forget you be not a toon . valiant do not ever forget that . ext . bungalow - back window - the weasles come pile out the window . they start sniff the ground . suddenly one of they freeze on point , like a dog . another blow a hunter's horn and they be off on the trail . ext . STREET - eddie and roger emerge from the alley . they pause momentarily to reconnoiter . Eddie decide to go leave , Roger right . when they get to the end of the cuff , they snap back into a pile . valiant get back to he foot and haul Roger up angrily . valiant this way , goof ... they start across the street . but Roger go on one side of the Street sign , Eddie the other . Roger coil around it like a tether ball . valiant yank Roger off the sign and they duck across the street just as a trolley car pass . the weasles come bloodhound around the corner . they search the street for sign of the fugitive . but when they get to the trolley track , they stop , bewilder . weasle # 1 scent 's cold . weasle # 2 pssst . he point toward the trolley car pull into the Terminal Station . they fall all over themselves scurrying over to the trolley . they surround it and jump aboard , tommy - gun at the ready . int . red car the conductor raise he hand like it be a hold - up . a couple passengers scream as the weasle search the car . but no Roger or Eddie . as quickly as they get on , they get off . ext . red car as it pull away . the weasle look around perplex . weasle # 1 funny ... I could swear I smell rabbit . angle from above Eddie and Roger be balanced on the trolley wire above the weasle ' head . as the weasle sniff around the barn , Eddie and Roger ease along the wire , use the wall of the Terminal bar to lean on . int . terminal bar - kitchen dolore be prepare corn beef and cabbage . the radio be playing " mare eat oat " . a newscaster break into the music . newscaster News flash ... Hollywood . citywide toonhunt for Roger rabbit , suspect in acme slay . Police describe he as short , cuddly ... and psychotic . dolore turn just as Roger 's grin face appear in the window . dolore ( startle ) mother Mary ... now Eddie 's face come into view . he motion for she to open the window . outside the window Roger and Eddie watch another trolley approach . the contact arm spark its way along the wire as it roll along towards they . valiant watch as dolore struggle to get the window open . valiant hurry , hurry ... at the last second , the window open . Eddie jump for the sill , Roger dangle from the cuff as the trolley pass . int . kitchen dolore help pull valiant through the window . then he drag Roger inside . dolore Jesus , Eddie , be this who I think it be ? valiant dolore , meet Roger rabbit . Roger bow at the waist , take she hand and kiss it like Charles boyer roger rabbit charme , enchant , pleasure 's all mine . dolore where would you find he ? valiant the toon Fairy leave he under my pillow . now Roger spot a plate of freshly shuck corn . roger rabbit May I ? before she can answer , he grab a ear , press it to he lip and apply the typewriter method to it . when he get to the end of a row , we even hear the bing ! dolore he 's a riot . valiant oh , yeah ? well , you be not handcuff to he . ( hold up cuff ) anybody in the back room ? dolore it 's all yours . we follow dolore as she lead valiant and Roger across the hall . she stop at a door , unlock it , and lead they in . int . back room it 's a tiny storage room / office with a institutional metal desk , a cot , and assort janitorial supplies stack around . dolore shut and lock the door behind she . valiant go to a metal locker and dig through some tool , come out with a hacksaw . he sit on the cot and start work on the cuff . dolore so you decide to help he after all ? valiant I oughta have my head examine . ( to Roger ) will you hold still ? Roger quiet like a child for a moment as valiant saw feverishly . then Roger slip he hand out of the cuff and hold he side while Eddie keep saw . roger rabbit do this help ? valiant yeah , that 's better . valiant saw a couple more stroke before the realization of what Roger 's do hit he . his face darken . Roger see the look and sheepishly try to recover by stick he hand back in the cuff . valiant you mean to tell I you coulda take you hand outta that cuff at any time ? roger rabbit well , no , not any time . only when it be funny . valiant look at Roger like he 's about to brain he . Roger pull he hand free again , and cower out of range . valiant just rub he forehead . valiant be you always this funny , or only on day when you be want for murder ? roger rabbit my philosophy be if you do not have a sense of humor , you be better off dead . valiant yeah ... well you just might get you wish . dolore can you get he out of it , Eddie ? valiant if I can find whoever want to kill acme bad enough to get this . valiant throw the pattycake picture down on the table . dolore and Roger both examine it closely . dolore acme 's will . roger rabbit so that 's what this little drama be all about . valiant yeah . I think maroon play the part of the sound mind , you wife the sound body . roger rabbit I resent that innuendo ! my wife be completely innocent . valiant you wife may be a lot of thing , pal , but innocent be not one of they . dolore so what 's the scam , Eddie ? valiant maybe baby herman be right . somebody want acme 's property . cack the old man , pin it on Roger , and destroy the will . roger rabbit the habeus corpus be thicken . valiant yeah . except they screw up . I do not think they get the will . roger rabbit how do you know that ? valiant well , acme have the will in he pocket that night at the club . it be go in the morning when the cop find the body . dolore maybe they just take it out of he pocket . valiant then why would they bother to crack the safe ? you can drop a mosler 90 from mount baldy and it will not open . roger rabbit well , Mr. smarty - pant detective , you logic be specious . what prevent Mr. acme from put the will back in the safe before they kill he ? valiant because he 's not forty foot tall . the safe be up on the ceiling , remember ? dolore whistle over he deduction . dolore Eddie , you still get it . hey , tomorrow maybe I will go down to probate court and see who 's sniffin ' around acme 's estate ? valiant yeah , do that . I be gonna go rattle maroon 's cage . valiant finish saw the cuff . he stand and throw the cuff aside . valiant and dolore go to the door . Roger follow they eagerly . roger rabbit what should I do ? who should I see ? where should I go ? valiant turn . valiant nothin ' , no one , nowhere , he slam the door . int . polo lounge - close - maroon he 's in a booth in the middle of a business lunch . maroon maybe money grow on tree in toontown , but not at the maroon Studio . widen the shot to reveal that maroon 's share a booth with bug bunny and he agent . bug be chew on a carrot . bug bunny look , Doc , fiduciary consideration aside , Roger rabbit may have be willing to play second banana to a ankle-biter , but I be not . across the room a maitre D ' be lead valiant and augie , the deaf - mute to a table by the door . valiant this will be fine , huh , augie ? augie nod he head . they sit and pick up the menus . augie take one peek and look at valiant , alarmed . he scribbles a note . valiant read it . valiant forget about the price , pal . if you want the shrimp cocktail , you have a shrimp cocktail . ( put menu down ) Excuse I , augie , I have get a little table - hopping to do . valiant get up from the table and start across the room . at maroon' booth agent I think you should know , r.k. , we be in negotiation for bug to star in he own series at Warner Brothers . maroon try to scare up a bid war between I and Jack Warner , eh ? well , it will not work . I will call William Morris and I will have them put out a rabbit call the like of which this town 's never see ! bug bunny it 's you dime , Doc . maroon and stop callin ' I Doc ! bug bunny eh , sure , doc. now valiant arrive , pull up a chair from next table and sit down . valiant hi , Mr. maroon . remember I ? maroon valiant ? what be you doin ' here ? valiant I just think I would drop by and show you a photograph . maroon I have already see you photograph . valiant yeah , but I enlarge this one . think you might be interested . valiant take a enlargement of the pattycake shot and put it on the table in front of maroon . we can clearly see the will stick out of acme 's pocket . valiant anyway ... enjoy you lunch . valiant stand and depart . but he visit have do it 's trick . maroon look l'ike he 's see a ghost . we follow valiant across the room to he table where augie be blissfully attack a shrimp cocktail . valiant how be that , augie , pretty good ? augie nod enthusiastically . valiant keep a eye on maroon 's booth . now he nudge augie as maroon excuse himself and go into the phone booth just outside the door . augie put he shrimp fork down and pick up he pencil . augie' Pov we see maroon talk on the phone mos . as he lip move , valiant supplies he word . valiant ( v.o. ) it 's I . valiant say there 's a will . I do not know what he 's try to pull ... back to scene valiant be read of augie 's pad as augie read maroon 's lip , and scribbles down what he say . valiant ( read ) somebody 's gonna have to take care of he . augie look up from he scribbling to exchange a eyebrow raise glance with valiant . then he turn back to maroon again . valiant ( read ) the old man have it at the club that night . that 's right . yeah , I be sure . I will be there . augie stop write as maroon hang up the phone . valiant ( continue ; to augie ) where ? augie shrug he shoulder . disappointed , valiant light a cigarette . now augie elbow he and gesture across at maroon , who 's make another call . augie start write again . valiant ( continue ; read ) Iris ... cancel my appointment this afternoon . I will be at Forest lawn . maroon hang up the phone and come out of the phone booth . he hustle out of the room . valiant stand . valiant you do great , augie . have another shrimp cocktail . valiant drop a twenty on the table and pat augie on the back . ext . beverly hill HOTEL a carhop wheel a yellow Packard up in front . maroon climb in and roar off . valiant enter the frame . he look after maroon , then calmly start walk down the driveway . ext . forest lawn cemetery - red car stop - day a Red car pull up . valiant climb off . he calmly cross the street and duck behind the cemetery entranceway as maroon 's Packard roar through . valiant ( impressed ) Love that Red car . as valiant start to walk up the hill ... CUT to : the acme funeral site - long shot - day a hearse , and a line of black limo be park in the lane . nearby , marvin acme 's funeral be in progress . cluster around a gravesite be the mourner ... toons of every stripe . there 's mickey mouse comforting minnie . tom and jerry . heckle and jeckle . chip 'n dale . everyone from the famous to the not so famous be in attendance . the eulogy be be deliver in a familiar blustery Southern voice . it 's foghorn leghorn . foghorn leghorn today we commit the body of brother acme to the cold , I say cold , cold ground . we shed no tear for we know that marvin be go to a better place . that high , high , I say that high - larious place up in the sky . foghorn leghorn dramatically point skyward . toons ( in unison ) a-man ! new angle - valiant be lean up against a palm tree on the hill . we have be watch the proceedings from he Pov . now he see maroon 's car pull up . he move around to the other side of the tree as maroon pass and start wend he way through the crowd . at the gravesite foghorn leghorn nod to the funeral director , a pasty - face human in a black mourn coat . the director start to turn the crank lowering the coffin into the grave . foghorn leghorn give we a sign , brother herman , that you have arrive ... much to the funeral director 's amazement , the crank start plinking out the tune to " pop goe the weasle " . now the toon mourner pick up on it and join in . toons ( sing ) round and round the mullberry bush , the monkey chase the weasle ... the crank and song start go faster and faster . toons ( continue ; sing ) the monkey raid it all be in fun . pop ! go the weasle . suddenly half of the lid to acme 's coffin fly open and a harlequin clown boi - yoi - yoing out . the funeral director faint dead away as the toon sob turn to laughter . the toon turn and head away from the grave comfort by a funeral befit a gag king . they climb into they car and screech off like the start of the indy 500 . one mourner be leave at the gravesite . sitting in a chair dabbing at she eye with a handkerchief be jessica rabbit . maroon walk up behind she . maroon so ... try to pull a fast one on I , huh ? jessica turn , startle . she stand and face maroon . valiant smile and lean in . this be the moment he 's be wait for . now just as the conversation begin , it be drown out by the noise from a lawn mower . valiant turn to see a gardener riding around on a small tractor cut the grass . valiant try to flag he down as he watch maroon and jessica have a arguement . there 's accusatory finger point . in pantomime , maroon gesture into he pocket as if describe the position of acme 's will . jessica try to leave . he grab she arm . they be scream at each other but we do not hear a word . valiant wave frantically for the gardener to cut the machine . but the gardener misconstrue it as a friendly greeting and wave back . valiant turn in time to see jessica kick maroon in the groin and stomp off to a red auburn speedster . she jump in and speed away as maroon stagger back to he car . the gardener stop the tractor next to valiant . he shut off the engine . the cemetery be completely still again . gardener somethin ' you want , mister ? valiant not anymore ... ext . ink & paint club - alley - night a steinway piano truck be park next to the stage door . two husky piano mover be roll a baby grand up the ramp to the stage door . they knock on the door . the gorilla open it and they muscle the piano inside . after a moment , they reemerge . we follow they back to the truck where a second baby grand stand ready to be move . mover # 1 I do not know about you , but it make I sick to think of this beautiful pianos gettin ' chop into match stick every night by that screwy duck . struggle , they push this second piano into the club . int . club - backstage they roll the piano over to the wall and park it next to the first . mover # 2 ( shake head ) and they call it entertainment . as they go out the stage door , move in on the baby grand . inside the piano - valiant be lie prone -- use the steinway as he own trojan horse . he lift the piano lid to climb out , but then hear footstep approach . he lower the lid again . now someone start testing the key . we see the hammer strike the string , running up the scale until they reach the one under valiant 's nose . the hammer whacks valiant 's nose on the backsw and strike the string make a terrible sour note . donald duck ( v.o. ) ( exasperate quack ) phooey ! out of tune again ! daffy duck ( v.o. ) not to worry , Donald . we can fix that with my sledgehammer . donald duck ( v.o. ) never mind , daffy . I have get a axe in my dress room . valiant 's eye widen . angle on piano as the voice of daffy and Donald recede , valiant raise the lid and quickly climb out . he ease over to jessica 's dress room . as he start to open the door , he hear scuffling from inside . valiant put he ear to the door . more scuffling . valiant straighten , then suddenly whip the door open and flick on the light . int . dressing room nobody 's there . perplex , valiant close the door behind he and check behind the dress screen . in the closet . no one . he shrug and start to search the room . he go to jessica 's dress table and rifle the drawer . in she purse he discover a toon revolver . he examine it . valiant girl 's gotta protect herself . valiant put the gun back in the purse and close the drawer . as he stand , he pause to consider a hurrel - like black - and - white photo of Roger rabbit in a silver deco frame . he 's dramatically pose with a cigarette like he be tyrone power . valiant shake he head and turn from the table . something catch he eye . angle on floor behind the dress table , the corner of a piece of blue paper peek out . valiant stoops down and fish it out . it 's a cover for a legal document -- " last will and Testament -- marvin acme " . valiant stand , pleased . he open the blue folder . but it 's empty . valiant put it in he inside pocket and turn to go when suddenly a unseen hand flick the light off . valiant Son of a bitch ... we can not see anything in the darkness . but we hear the SOUND of a fistfight . there 's the crashing of lamp and furniture break . now the door open for a second as the assailant escape . Light flood in the room , illuminate valiant on the floor with a curtain wrap around he head . as he struggle free the door close . the room be dark again . valiant scramble to the door . when he whip it open , reveal the gorilla frame in the doorway . valiant be freeze . the gorilla flick on the light . he smile wickedly . gorilla and here I tought we have mouse . valiant try to make a break for it . wham ! the gorilla lay he out cold with a right cross . blackout . fade in : valiant's Pov from floor as he vision come into focus , valiant see the gorilla , jessica rabbit , the weasle and judge doom be stand over he . gorilla ... I catch he rummagin ' around in here . then I call you , judge , on a counta you be da one we pay juice to . doom ( clear throat ) you do the right thing , bongo . the weasles pull a groggy valiant upright and plop he in a chair in front of doom . doom be catch break and enter be not very good advertising for a detective . what be you look for , Mr. valiant ? valiant ask she ... valiant nod toward jessica , who stand coolly smoking a cigarette . jessica rabbit last week some heavy breather want one of my nylon as a souvenir . maybe that 's what he be after ? valiant look , doll , if I want underwear , I woulda break into Frederick 's of Hollywood . I be lookin ' for marvin acme 's will . doom marvin acme have no will . I should know , the probate be in my court . valiant he have a will , all right . she take it off acme the night she and r.k . maroon knock he off . then she set up she loving husband to take the fall . jessica rabbit you , Mr. valiant , be either drunk or punch drunk . probably both . doom this be bold accusation , Mr. valiant . I hope you have some proof ? valiant I find the cover the will come in behind the dress table . valiant reach into he pocket . but the blue envelope be go . valiant ( continue ) they must have take it off I . doom they ? valiant the other people who be in here lookin ' for the will . I woulda catch them if cheetah here have not interrupt I . the gorilla make a move for valiant . doom stop he . doom take it easy , bongo . we will handle Mr. valiant we own way ... downtown . valiant downtown ? Fine . get a hold of santino , I would be more than glad to talk to he . doom oh , not that downtown . toontown . the mention of toontown have a visible impact on valiant . valiant ( nervous ) you be not takin ' I to downtown toontown ? doom indeed we be . we will continue the interrogation there . valiant ( very agitate ) I be not tellin ' you nothin ' ! get I santino . doom you be a very stubborn man , Mr. valiant . very pig-head . boy , show Mr. valiant how we handle pig-head man at the toontown station ... as the weasle drag valiant out of the room ... valiant ( scream ) no ... you bastard ! leggo of I ! ext . STREET - night the toon Control wagon streak along with the cat siren wailing . it flash by then slam on the brake at the entrance to a eerie tunnel . a sign next to the tunnel say : " toontown " . int . wagon the weasle look over at the bound and gag valiant . one of they turn valiant 's head to look at the toontown sign . weasle # 1 what be you shakin ' for ? do not you have a good time last time you be here ? with a wick wheeze , the driver floor it . ext . tunnel the wagon disappear into the murky darkness . pan up to the night sky . dissolve to : the sky - morning pan down to the tunnel . we can not see into the darkness but we hear hooting and hollering from within . gun go off , firecrackers exploding , whip cracking , all accompany by the wheeze laughter of the weasle . weasle # 1 ( o.s. ) soo -eey ! soo-eey ! weasle # 2 ( o.s. ) let he go , boy . I think he 's get the message . after a beat , valiant come staggering out of the tunnel . he 's get a burlap sack over he head tie around he waist . behind he , the weasle emerge hold paint can and brushes . they watch as he trip and fall by the side of the road . the weasle giggle victoriously and head back inside . valiant lie there for a moment , catch he breath . then he struggle to free he hand . finally he rip the sack off he head and sit up . close - valiant we see he 's get a huge toon pig with a goofy grin paint over he head . valiant pull and tug on it , but this be a costume that will not come off . valiant curse , get to he foot and stumble down the road . ext . red car stop valiant get in the back of the line of passengers board the Red car . int . red car - valiant step aboard . the trolleyman , who we recognize as Earl from the Terminal bar , do a double - take when he see the ridiculously silly look man / toon . earl here 's one for the book ... a toon wearin ' human clothes . valiant Earl ... it 's I , valiant . earl Eddie ? Jesus , what happen ? valiant toon cop work I over . earl Boy , I will say . they give you a real toon-a-roo . valiant ( apprehensively ) what be I , Earl ? Earl break the news to valiant soberly . earl you be a pig ... a happy - go-lucky pig . valiant no ... earl do it hurt ? valiant not much . it 's hard to talk . earl uh , Eddie , do I a favor . could you sit in the back so you will not cause as much of a commotion . valiant try to pull the brim of he hat down . but it 's comically small on the huge head . he make he way down the aisle past a veritable gauntlet of razzing , poke , trip passengers . finally he find a empty seat in the back as the Red car start up . a little kid wear a baseball cap be sit a few seat away with he mother . the kid look back at Eddie and laugh . he lean over and whisper something to he Mom . kid can I , Mom ? mommy go ahead , darling . take you bat . the kid take he baseball bat and approach valiant innocently . kid hi , Mr. pig . if I hit you on the head , will you make I a cuckoo bird ? the kid start to take a swing with the bat . valiant kid , if you hit I on the head , I be gonna throw you out this window . the kid 's eye widen in terror . this be not a typical toon response . kid ( cry ) mommy ! int . valiant's apartment - bathroom - day we hear the SOUND of the shower . valiant 's hand reach out past the shower curtain and grab for a bottle . but it 's not shampoo . it 's turpentine . valiant ( o.s. ) dammit ! close - tub drain the water swirl down the drain be tinged with paint of different color . close - valiant he scrub manically until the last of the pig head be go . he rinse off and he feel around he face . the absence of the toon mask seem to bring he some relief . he shut off the shower and slide the shower curtain back . valiant be Pov - jessica rabbit be lean up against the doorjamb , dress as usual , in a black cocktail dress with elbow length glove and pearl . jessica rabbit hello , Mr. valiant . I ring the doorbell , but I guess you could not hear it . valiant that 's because I do not have a doorbell . jessica , catch in she lie , flutter she eyelid nervously . jessica rabbit oh ... well , I ... I just have to see you . valiant okay , you have see I . now give I a towel . as she hand he a towel , she stare down at he anatomy . jessica rabbit what 's that thing ? valiant look down at what she 's refer to . valiant come on , lady , have not you ever see a mole before ? jessica rabbit toon be not give imperfection . valiant no ? I guess we be not count lie , steal and murder . jessica rabbit you have get the wrong idea about I . I 'a a pawn in this just like poor Roger . can you help I find he ? I will pay you anything . valiant yeah , I will bet you would . you gotta have the rabbit to make the scam work . jessica rabbit no , no , no ... I love my husband . valiant oh , sure . I can just feature you standin ' outside you little hutch , holdin ' a carrot cake waitin ' for hubby to come home . jessica rabbit oh , please do not make fun of I , Mr , valiant . you do not know how hard it be be a woman look the way I do . valiant yeah , well , you do not know how hard it be bein ' a man look at a woman look the way you do . jessica rabbit I be not bad , I be just draw that way . valiant I be not complainin' . but give I credit . I be the guy who take the picture of you and acme playin ' pattycake , remember ? jessica take a cigarette out of she purse . she light it and blow a cloud of toon smoke . it form a recreation of what she describe . jessica rabbit maroon come to I . he tell I he would fire Roger if I do not do it . I go along with he for Roger 's sake . it be only pattycake , after all . valiant wave at the smoke scene , dispell it . valiant so altruistic . jessica rabbit it 's the truth . why will not you believe it ? valiant Cause I do not take acme Dumb pill . I do not know what you be up to , lady , but I be gonna nail you for the acme murder . jessica rabbit if I be as bad as you think , what 's stop I from just kill you right now ? valiant reach behind he and pick up a small cup on the sink . valiant this cup of turpentine right here . go for that gun in you purse and I be gonna let you have it . jessica break down and start sobbing . jessica rabbit oh , Mr , valiant , please ... you be my only hope . she come to Eddie and hug he , bury she head in he shoulder . jessica rabbit I be weak ... you be strong . can not you find a place somewhere in you heart to help I ? valiant look down at the luscious creature in he arm , consider the request . the moment be interrupt by the clearing of a voice . dolore ( o.c. ) dabblin ' in watercolor , Eddie ? valiant , still in just a towel , sheepishly turn to face dolore , who 's stand in the doorway . valiant dolore ... dolore regards jessica with undisguise contempt . dolore lemme guess ... you cousin from Des Moines ? jessica straighten she dress . jessica rabbit perhaps I should go . dolore must you ? jessica rabbit Goodbye , Eddie ... do not hate I . jessica blow Eddie a toon kiss which fly across the room , landing on Eddie 's cheek . she saunter past the smolder dolore and out the door . dolore walk to Eddie and peel the kiss off he cheek . she crumple it up and throw it down in the wastebasket . dolore what be that ? valiant that be the rabbit 's wife . dolore the rabbit 's wife ? wanna tell I what she be doin ' with she arm around you ? valiant probably lookin ' for a good place to stick a knife . dolore I just stop by to tell you that I check out the acme probate . valiant maroon , right ? dolore nope . it 's that cloverleaf outfit again . valiant ( startle ) what the hell would they want with a gag factory ? dolore get I . but unless the will show up by Friday midnight , it 's theirs . as valiant consider this new development , he cock a ear . in the distance , we hear faint singing . valiant what 's that comin ' from the bar ? dolore ( listen ) sound like singin' . valiant oh , no ... as valiant grab he pants ... CUT to : int . terminal bar - day Roger 's out all right . in fact , he 's use the bar as a stage for a song and dance number . the tune be extremely familiar . in fact , it 's the one that open every Warner Brothers cartoon ... the looney tune anthem . but we have never hear word to go with it . roger rab3 it ' the merry - go-round break down but you do not see I frown ... ' Roger grab augie 's pad and pencil , scribbles some drawing lightning fast . roger rabbit ( continue ) ' thing turn out fine and now she 's mine ... ' Roger flip through the pad which in crude animation , show the story of Roger and jessica get back together , culminate in they kissing in a heart . augie 's delighted . roger rabbit ( continue ) '... Cause the merry - go-round go round ... hoo-hoo , hoo-hoo ... ' Roger do backflip and act like a escapee from the acute ward . the door open Eddie and dolore enter . valiant stop in he track at the sight of Roger 's performance ... and the smile on the face of the sourpuss . close - roger do not see Eddie . he move into the next verse . he twirl around on the post . roger rabbit ' my name be Roger rabbit I have get a crazy habit I like to sing and dance and yuk ... ' Roger go to angelo , lift off he cap , and whacks he toupee , make it spin like a top . roger rabbit ( continue ) '... so brighten up and smile you schmuck ' . all the regular in the bar have a good laugh at that one . now as Roger twirl around on the post , he smashes into a bar tray hold by Eddie . valiant carry he toward the back room , but the irrepressable entertainer get on he knee Al jolson style and blow kiss to he audience . the regular be howling as Roger be carry out . int . back room valiant fling Roger into the room and slam the door behind he . roger rabbit hey , do not I get a encore ? valiant why , you crazy toon ... I have be out there riskin ' my neck for you . I come back here and you be singin ' and dancin' . roger rabbit but that 's my call , my purpose , my raison d'etre . toon be suppose to make people laugh ... and believe I , that people need a laugh . valiant and when they be do laughin ' , they be gonna call the cop . that guy angelo would rat on you for a nickel ! roger rabbit angelo ? he 's a pal , a chum ... valiant a arsonist and a kidnapper . he just get outta prison . roger rabbit well ... I still do not think he would turn I in . valiant just because you get them to laugh ? roger rabbit a laugh can be a powerful thing , Eddie . sometimes it 's the only weapon we have in life . valiant I think I prefer the Smith and wesson variety . roger rabbit I have meet some cynical and miserable human in my time . but you , Edward valiant , be positively funereal ! valiant well , right now it 's gonna be you funereal . valiant take he fist back to belt Roger . Roger stand stoicly , jaw thrust forward , eye close . roger rabbit go ahead and throw that punch . ( open one eye ) but you would be more successful with a punch line . valiant drop he fist and rub he temple with frustration . valiant you be drive I crazy , you know that ? let 's go ... you ruin this as a hide place . valiant grab Roger by the scruff of the neck and open the door . but he duck back in quickly . valiant's pow - through door - judge doom have enter the bar . he stand framed in the doorway , voltaire perch on he shoulder . the red light of the neon sign flash on he glass make he look like he 's get burn coal for eye . with the weasle at the door back he up , the satanic doom walk to the bar , he footstep creaking along the wooden floor . he survey the scene , lean over the bar for a glass . doom hold the glass up to the light and look at it disgustedly . he pick up a bottle of scotch and carry it down to where the one - armed soldier be sit . doom stare at he , then pull the empty sleeve out of the amputee 's pocket . he use it to wipe the inside of the glass . doom I be look for a rabbit . he be last see in this neighborhood . the barfly avoid doom 's stare and shoot cover glance to one another . but nobody say a word . doom pour a drink into he newly clean glass ... then gently pour it down voltaire 's gullet . doom ( continue ) you could not miss he . Buck tooth . Orange pants . about yea big . doom squash the midget 's head down to approximate the size . dolore there 's no rabbit here , so do not harass my customer . doom turn to dolore . doom I do not come here to harass . I come here to reward . doom walk around dolore toward the back . but doom stop next to the blackboard . on it be write : " today 's special - french dip - $ .50 " . doom erase the " french " and the decimal point in front of the " 50 " . then he pick up the chalk and start to write . the chalk squeak excruciatingly on the blackboard . everyone wince but watch anyway , as doom write " rabbit " where the " french " be , and add the zeroe to the " 50 " . it now read : " rabbit dip - $ 5000 " . at the bar - all eye be fix on the figure on the blackboard . angelo lick he lip . angelo hey , I see a rabbit ... angelo look defensively at all he croney and back to doom . angelo ( continue ) he 's right here in the bar . but instead of point to the back of the bar , he talk to the empty barstool beside he . angelo ( continue ) say ' ello , harvey . the tension be break . everybody at the bar start howling . int . back room Roger turn to Eddie victoriously . roger rabbit my pal . in the bar doom stare down the regular until the laughter stop . meanwhile , a weasle have start sniff around the bar where Roger be dance . as doom turn to leave , the weasle whisper in he ear as he point to the back . doom smile and pat the weasle on the head . he turn to angelo and the other . doom now we will see who laugh best ... the weasle bloodhound through the bar with doom stride after he . we follow they to the door to the back room . doom rip the door open . int . back roon it 's dark . doom flick on the light . reveal valiant on the cot , he pint bottle cradle in he arm . he blink as if awaken from a drunken slumber . doom valiant ? why be it that whenever my man smell a rabbit , you be there ? valiant plump the pillow behind he head . valiant must be my cologne ... eau dc carrot . weasle # 1 ( sniff ) he 's in here all right , boss . suddenly the weasle grab the pillow from under valiant 's head and carve it to shred with a switchblade . feather fly . but no rabbit fur . weasle # 2 youse want we should take the place apart ? the rest of the weasle be array behind doom with toon crowbar , pick , and a jackhammer . doom no , sergeant . that will not be necessary . doom walk over to the locker . doom ( continue ) I know a trick that no toon can resist . doom rap on the locker with he knuckle . da-da-da-da-da ... it 's a familiar pattern that demand a da- da response . doom move to the desk and try it again . da-da-da-da-da ... inside a maxwell house coffee can Roger be hide while sweat out the urge to finish the familiar coda . we hear the rapping again , closer . da-da-da-da-da ... Roger 's bite he nail . doom move to the milk crate the coffee can be on . valiant get up off the cot . valiant you know , doom , I do not know who 's toonier , you or the rabbit . doom just smile and knock the pattern out on the crate . doom shave ... and ... a haircut ... Roger burst out of the can with the lid on he head . he respond con brio . roger rabbit two ... bit ! ( look around ) uh... oh ... pssshew ! Roger fly out the door . int . the bar he streak across the bar and out the front door . after a beat , two weasle step into the bar hold the butterfly net they have stretch across the door . they wheeze with glee at the struggle Roger trap inside . a third weasle carry the judge 's briefcase . doom stride confidently into the bar . weasle oyez ... oyez ... oyez ... court be now in session . valiant and dolore be lead out by a couple weasle hold gun on they . as doom snap the briefcase open on the bar , the twelve kangaroos pop up in they jury box . doom rap on the bar with he gavel - head cane . the regular watch the bizarre scene in stunne silence . doom Roger rabbit be charge with the cold blooded murder of a human ... marvin acme . the jury will direct they attention to exhibit a , B , and C . the weasle display photograph of jessica and acme play pattycake , a blow - up of he fingerprint spelling rogerrabbitrogerrabbit in the whorl on the photograph , and a picture of acme lie under the safe . doom ( continue ) motive , evidence , modus operandi . how do you find the defendant ? once again the kangaroo court waste no time deliver the verdict . the baby kangaroos pop up with they y-o-u a-r-e g-u-i -l-t-y sign . doom ( continue ) guilty as charge . case close ! doom slam the briefcase shut . now two weasle wheel the stainless steel tub fill with dip into the bar . another hand doom he black rubber glove . doom ( continue ) for this heinous crime , I sentence you to the dip ! roger rabbit no , no. not the dip ! Eddie , tell he I do not do it ! valiant I do not think it 's gonna matter . sorry , pal , I try . doom yes , and for that you be charge with aid and abetting . but we will let santino handle that . doom pull on the rubber glove . valiant hey , do not the rabbit even get a last request ? roger rabbit a blindfold , cigarette , noseplug ? just kid . valiant I think you want a drink . ( to doom ) how about it , judge ? doom well , why not ? I be feel magnanimous tonight . the successful conclusion of this case draw the curtain on my career as a jurist . I be retire to take a new role in the private sector . valiant yeah ? well , do not expect the toon to give you a gold watch . valiant pour a glass of whiskey fill it all the way to the rim . he hold it out to Roger . valiant ( continue ) here you go , kid ... say hi to casper for I . roger rabbit but , Eddie , you know what happen when ... valiant drink it , jerk . all of it . he grab Roger 's hand and force the drink into it . Roger shrug he shoulder and shoot the drink down . we have see the reaction before . suddenly Roger 's head turn into a steam whistle emit such a piercing blast that be send everyone into ear-grabbing agony . glass , bottle , mirror , even doom 's glass shatter . valiant use the distraction to punch the weasle hold Roger . he grab the rabbit by the scruff of the neck . he get as assist from augie , who could not hear the noise . unfaze , augie whacks a weasle on the head with a barstool . the midget crawl behind doom , who 's be momentarily blind . the one -arm soldier push he over . angelo be turn one weasle 's head around and around like a cruller . finally , doom get to he foot . doom after they you fool ... as the weasle regroup , valiant tip the stainless steel tub over send the dip spilling toward they . the weasle recoil from the liquid . even doom take a step backward . ext . terminal bar Eddie and Roger race down the stair and toward the toon Control wagon which be park in front of doom 's lincoln , roger rabbit oh , Eddie , that be quick thinkin' . nothin ' like usin ' the old noggin , the noodle , the grey matter ... valiant if I be so smart , how come I be runnin ' from the law with a toon ? valiant open the door of the toon Control wagon , and fling Roger inside roughly . int . cab Eddie go to start the vehicle but the key be go . now from behind they come a deep rumbling voice somewhere between Lord Buckley and Barry White . voice Excuse I , gentleman ... Eddie and Roger turn . a snazzy toon roadster whose grill function as it 's mouth be talk from behind the liquid bar . roadster if you effect my extrication , I could offer you some carburetion . valiant sigh with resignation and slide out of the cab , Roger in tow . ext . rear of wagon Eddie and Roger come racing around the side of the wagon . valiant search the back of the truck for the on / off switch . he find it and turn off the flow of acetone . the roadster zip out of the truck and land on the pavement , already flex and limbering . behind he , a comical number of other toon detainee hop out like midget out of a volkswagon . they all head for the hill . roadster well ... what be we waitin ' for , the William tell overture ? angle on terminal bar - the weasles come pile out . they stack up like a indian totem pole search every direction . one of they spot Eddie and Roger . the weasle stumble all over themselves in a mad scramble down the stair . eddie and roger hop into the sleek two -seater . valiant look at the myriad of goofy cartoon gauge and switch on the roadster 's dashboard . valiant what do I do ? roadster you do not have to do nothin' ... with a ferocious rubber burning squeal , the roadster roar off in " no frame " . the exit be so fast that Eddie and Roger be leave behind , hang mid-air . but before they hit the ground , the roadster zip back into frame . Eddie and Roger fall back into they seat . the roadster bend around so he grill be face they . roadster ( continue ) uh ... except hang onto you hat . the roadster roar off again in a cloud of toon dust . int . santino's cop car come the other way . it 's follow by another squad car , both with siren blaring . when the red blur streak by , Lt. santino turn to he partner . lo. santino what the hell be that ? partner speed rabbit , Lieutenant . lo. santino that 's what I be afraid of . ext . STREET santino 's car do a 180 degree spin , and go after the roadster . the second squad car follow . the weasle pile into the toon Control wagon and join the chase . int . the roadster rocket down the street , then take a turn so wide that it drive up the front of the corner building , then back down on the sidewalk , just avoid a newsstand . the squad car follow be not so dexterous . it crash into the stand , send newspaper fly . the roadster look back over it 's shoulder , admire he handiwork . roadster read all about it , benny 's back in town ! up ahead , a egg delivery truck be double - park in they lane . benny snap around just as they be about to crash into the back of the truck . there 's nowhere to go . but benny 's cool . roadster go up ... suddenly , just before impact , the toon suspension on the car accordion up , give it a clearance of about fifteen foot ... just enough to get over the truck . the toon control wagon do not come with this unique feature . it try to avoid the truck but smashes into the back , splattering hundred of egg and send the weasle fly . eddie and roger look down from they suspend position at the chaos behind . roadster next floor , sundry , knick knack , escape convict . watch you step . the roadster accordion back down to it 's original height and speed past two motorcycle cop . the motorcycle roar after they . roger rabbit hey , benny , what be you in for ? roadster reckless drive . do you believe that ? valiant hard to imagine . benny zig - zag through traffic , scoot between car , but the motorcycle cop manage to stay on he tail . up ahead , traffic be stop in he lane . with nowhere to go , benny pass a trolley car move down the center of the street . suddenly , he swerve in front of the trolley to elude the cop ... only to see another Red car come the other way . roadster hold you breath , baby ... benny suck in he girth and get on he tip-to as the trolly pass on either side of they . wide shot when the trolly clear , benny stagger out from between they still on tip-to . benny plop down , squash , then pop up to he old self again . behind they the crippled toon Control wagon be struggle to keep up . voltaire circle above the truck and pick two weasle up off the roof . they be each carry several stick of dynamite . from the AIR we see voltaire fly after the roadster , which be speed along the palm - line elysian Park drive . the weasle light the dynamite stick and with wheeze delight , bombard the car below . benny swerve right and leave dodging the explosion . now a stick of dynamite fall into the back seat , fuse burn . benny look back . roadster hate to sound like Chicken Little , but be the sky fall or what ? Eddie and Roger turn to see the dynamite , fuse burn low . valiant make a desperate grab for it . but it roll under the front seat . Roger jump in Eddie 's lap . above - voltaire and the weasles satisfied that they have hit they target , swoop back to the toon Control wagon . in the roadster valiant try to untangle himself from Roger . valiant grab it , you idiot ! finally , at the last second , Roger reach down and pick the dynamite up like a hot potato . he flip it out of the roadster . the dynamite spin through the air , finally landing on the roof just as voltaire and the weasle arrive . boom ! the toon Control wagon be demolish . when the smoke clear we see the weasle and voltaire scattered roadside , face blacken , feather smoking . ext . echo park STREET benny be lead a merry chase up and down the hill . beside the two motorcycle , there be half a dozen squad car . but as benny come over the last rise , we see the road deadend at echo Park Lake . the police have block off the perpendicular street with squad car . Eddie and Roger see the deadend fast approach . Roger cover he eye with he ear . valiant brace himself . valiant the brake ! the brake ! benny hit the brake . smoke pour out as they burn up and the momentum be barely break . roadster forget the brake , who bring the water wing ? the roadster smashes through the wooden guard rail and sail out over the water . kerplop ! it splashes down in the lake . the police car screech to a stop at the edge of the lake . santino jump out and regards the float roadster . he turn to the other cop with a smirk . when he turn back again , the smirk disappear from he face . angle on lake benny be calmly swim away use he fender to do the crawl . now they pass a spoon couple in a rowboat . the couple regard they open-mouthed . the edge of the lake benny near the shoreline , touch bottom and wade out . when they hit dry land , benny shake off like a dog . he revs he engine . roadster maybe it 's my imagination , but I always seem to run better after I have have a wash . ( turn ) now where can I drop you cat ? as benny roar off ... CUT to : ext . alley - day benny peek around the corner , then tip -toe into view . down the alley until he stop in front of a back door . Eddie and Roger climb out . valiant thanks , benny . roadster if you ever need I , just stick out you thumb . whoosh ! benny be go . valiant go to the door and unlock it . as he and Roger head up the back stair ... CUT to : int . build - close - doorway a hand paint design on the ripple glass show a knight on a white charge . on the shield in bold letter it say , " veritas " . and lettere around it -- " valiant and valiant - private investigation " . valiant stick he key in the door and unlock it . Roger study the banner . roger rabbit valiant and valiant ? who 's the other valiant ? valiant my brother . get inside . he push Roger into the office . int . office it 's a typical detective office -- a couch , a sink , a window -- except for the partner 's desk in the middle of the room . there 's a chair on each side . valiant close the door and lock it . roger rabbit so what 's we plan , we scenario , we modus operandi ? valiant we can not do anything till it 's dark . valiant pick up some yellow newspaper off the couch and dump they on the floor . they leave a clean spot on the couch . roger rabbit guess you have not be here in a while . ( read headline ) ' jap bomb Pearl Harbor ' . Roger walk over to the wall . he take a frame picture off the wall which show two guy clowning with mickey mouse . roger rabbit say , who 's this guy laughin' ? valiant me. roger rabbit gee , I do not recognize you ... I have never see you laugh before . that you brother makin ' the rabbit ear ? valiant what be this , twenty question ? valiant grab the picture from Roger and re-hang it . valiant ( continue ) I be gonna get some sleep . I suggest you do the same . valiant stretch out on the couch . Roger nudge he to move over so he can lie down . grudgingly , valiant slide over a fraction give Roger a tiny piece of the couch . they lie head to foot . closeup - valiant the problem of the day be knitting he brow . finally he eye close . after a beat , we hear Roger snoring . it 's loud . valiant 's eye pop open . he roll over . widen the shot to see what he see . above roger be head - a toon dream bubble have appear . Inside the bubble be a see saw back and forth through a log . it be synchronized to the SOUND of Roger 's snore . valiant kick Roger , try to stop the infernal SOUND . Roger sit up . roger rabbit huh ? in the dream bubble , the see cut through the log . one end of the log fall out of the bubble and bonk Roger on the head , knock he unconscious . valiant shake he head and close he eye again . we pan up off he face and past the window where the sun be set . as the camera move along the wall , we see a gallery of frame newspaper clipping . " valiant and valiant crack popeye kidnap - return sweepea to love arm of Parents " . and ... " Brothers find Brothers : heckle and jeckle rescued from redwood Forest ! " and ... " goofy clear of Atomic spy charge " . the pan continue until we get to the window again . now it 's dark outside . move down to valiant 's sleep face . he stir . then open one eye . now they both pop open at what he see . valiant's Pov Roger have a magnify glass a inch in front of he face that distort he grin face hideously . valiant startle from he sleep , reflexively shove Roger away from he . he fly into a swivel chair and go spin around . valiant you damn toon ! no wonder they pick you for the patsy . always gotta play the fool . you make I sick ! roger rabbit gee , you shamus be a tough audience , but what happen to you that be so dark , lurid , embitter ? valiant you wanna know ? well , since you be so goddamn curious , I will tell ya . one of you toon kill my brother . roger rabbit a toon ? noooo . valiant yeah , a toon . it be the guy who kill bambi 's mother . roger rabbit him ? oh , he be vile , heinous , despicable ... a smear on the draft board . valiant yeah , everybody think so . but I and teddy get a kick out of toon . all toon . we could not see the bad in them . and when this guy be accuse of knockin ' over the first National Bank of toontown , we take he case . but when we look into it , we find out he do do it after all . we go to he house to take he in . but he be wise . he get the drop on we ... literally . roger rabbit ( wince ) safe ? valiant piano . guy get away , disappear into toontown . nobody ever see he again . now the phone on the desk ring . Roger make a move to it . roger rabbit I will get it . valiant get away from there . the phone ring two more time and stop . roger rabbit wrong number ? valiant no , it 's not . valiant go to the phone anticipate a ring which come after a moment . valiant pick up the receiver . valiant ( continue ) dolore ? intercut : dolore on the phone in the Terminal bar . dolore I be hopin ' you would be there . maroon 's call here about four time . he say he 's gotta talk to you tonight . he say he can help you . valiant I will bet . dolore be you gonna call he , Eddie ? valiant what have I get to lose ? you okay , dolore ? dolore yeah ... they close I down for a coupla week . valiant that will work out just fine . when this thing be over , I will take you to catalina . how do that sound ? dolore familiar . be careful , Eddie . dolore hang up the phone . intercut to : valiant he click the switchhook and dial . valiant maroon ? whaddaya want ? maroon ( on phone ) have you get the will ? valiant maybe . why ? maroon ( on phone ) meet I at my studio at nine o'clock . if you have get the will maybe we can stop this thing . valiant stop what ? click . maroon have hang up . valiant hang up the phone and go to a wall safe . he spin the combination . roger rabbit gee , Eddie , you be not gonna go , be ya ? maroon will be layin ' for ya at nine o'clock . valiant that 's why I will be there at 8:45 . roger rabbit I tell you what , maybe I better come with you . valiant forget it . valiant reach into the safe for a .38 revolver . he check the cylinder . then he take out a wooden box about 8 " X 12 " . he close the safe , pick up a black doctor 's bag and put the box and the revolver into it . roger rabbit you know , Eddie , I be not as much of a chump , and a patsy , a yokel as you think . valiant how much be a shave and a haircut , Roger ? roger rabbit ( sheepish ) two bit . valiant I rest my case . valiant go to the door , pause . valiant ( continue ) if I do not make it back here by ten ... roger rabbit yeah ? valiant ... I would head for cucamonga . valiant close the door , leave Roger alone . Roger pace back and forth manically . roger rabbit cucamonga ? I do not know anybody in cucamonga . ext . maroon studio - night the lot be dark and desert . now headlight cut through the darkness as maroon 's Packard pull up in front of the administration building . int . car - maroon reach over and open the glove compartment . he take out a small automatic . but he hand be so slippery with perspiration , it fall to the floor . cursing , he take out a handkerchief , wipe he hand and he face and pick up the gun again . as he get out of the car , we see the clock say 8:55 . int . administration build - night maroon hustle up to he office door . he look nervously over he shoulder , then go inside . int . maroon' office maroon switch on the light . he go to he desk . he take out the gun and put it in the leave hand drawer . then he take it out and put it in the right hand drawer . then back to the original drawer . finally satisfied , he go to the bar to calm he obviously shattered nerve . as he shakey hand start to pour from the decanter , another hand come into frame . valiant steady , r.k. , that stuff 's eighteen year old . maroon jump back as valiant step from behind the curtain , hold he black bag . maroon valiant ! you surprised I . valiant that be the idea . valiant take over the pour duty . he turn and carry maroon 's drink to he . maroon go and sit down in he chair . he look to the pistol hide place . valiant casually sit on the desk , put he leg over the drawer . valiant you be not too good at this , be you , r.k .? maroon no ... I be not . I be a cartoon maker , not a murderer . valiant well , everybody need a hobby . maroon no , you gotta understand , valiant , I have nothin ' to do with acme gettin ' kill . I just want to sell my studio . but they would not buy my property unless acme would sell he . and he would not . so I be gonna blackmail acme with picture of he and the rabbit 's wife . maroon get up from he chair , highly agitate . maroon ( continue ) but then it all go to hell . I be around toon all my life . I can not sit around and see they all destroy . maroon eye valiant 's black bag . maroon ( continue ) you get the will in there , do not ya ? valiant no , I do not . maroon you trick I , damn you ! valiant take it easy . maroon there 's no time to take it easy ! you do not realize the diabolical mind we be deal with ! angle on window a gun poke through the open window past the curtain . it 's a colt .45 buntline -- a unmistakeable gun with a extra long barrel . maroon if I do not get that will by midnight tonight , toontown 's just gonna be land for the free ... valiant see a reflection of the gun on the glass on a movie poster on the wall . he turn . but it 's too late . bang ! bang ! bang ! maroon crumple , catch mid-sentence . valiant dive behind the desk and draw he gun . he look over at maroon 's dead body on the floor . valiant and the home of the brave ? valiant crawl to the window where the shot come from . he look out . valiant's Pov the comely silhouette of jessica rabbit run to she car , jump in and roar out the the studio gate . valiant grab he black bag , climb out of the office window and jump off the fire escape to the lot below . ext . studio lot valiant hop into maroon 's Packard . he hit the starter button and take off after jessica . new angle as the car pull away , the trunk lid lift . Roger rabbit peer out , disorient . then close it . ext . STREET - night jessica 's car speed along . valiant be in close pursuit in the Packard . he 's about to catch up on the straightaway when jessica 's car disappear into a tunnel . valiant slam on he brake . the Packard go fishtail , finally spin to a stop at the foot of the " toontown " sign . valiant get out of the car . he look down the tunnel . he 's sweat . he loosen he necktie . he pace back and forth at the tunnel mouth . he look up at the toontown sign and suddenly smashes it with he fist . it spin around like a weathervane . valiant walk to the Packard with purpose . he grab the black bag and put it on the hood . he open it and take out the wooden box . close - BOX as the clasp be pop and the box open , reveal a stun presentation model toon .38 rest on crush velvet . it 's everything a real gun could be ... and more . each feature be exaggerated ... the barrel , the cylinder , the ivory grip be all toon-size . valiant pick the gun up and heft it respectfully . then he open a ammo section in the wooden box . six toon .38 dum -dum bullet be in velvet crease . the toon bullet blink to life as if awaken from a long sleep . dum-dum #l ( rub eye ) Eddie ... be that really you ? valiant uh-huh . dum-dum # 2 what year be it ? valiant ' 46 . dum-dum # 3 who win the war ? dum-dum # 4 who do you think , dummy ? dum-dum # 5 welcome back , Eddie . dum-dum # 6 where you be the last five year ? valiant drunk . he open the cylinder . valiant ( continue ) feelin ' frisky tonight , boy ? dum-dums yeah ! the bullet eagerly dive into they respective chamber . he snap the cylinder close , reach into he shoulder holster and take out the pint bottle . he unscrew the cap and pour the rest of the booze onto the ground . when it 's drain , he fling the bottle in the air and fire the toon .38 . ka - pow ! it make a SOUND like a cannon . the toon bullet climb like a rocket into the dark sky . it screech up to the bottle , put on the brake . the bullet put on a jeweler 's eyepiece , then it whip out a little hammer and chisel acd deliver one delicate tap . valiant watch as a cut glass chandelier fall out of the sky and crash at he foot . valiant holster he weapon and climb into the Packard . he put it in gear and pull into the tunnel . in the tunnel - drive as valiant head toward the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel , suddenly the car radio come on . radio announcer ... from the tippy tip top of toontown 's tip top Club , this be mellow melody matinee . here 's we favorite cricket , Jimmy , with ' give a Little whistle ' . jiminy cricket ( on radio ) ' when you get in trouble , and you do not know right from wrong ... ' valiant turn the on / off switch , then punch all the button but to no avail . the song plays on anyway . jiminy cricket ( continue ) '... give a little whistle give a little whistle ... ' valiant I hate toontown ... as Jimmy croon on , valiant emerge from the tunnel . valiant's fov through the windshield we see we have arrive in toontown , where it 's a beautiful sunny day . Eddie be now drive down a phantasmagorical boulevard in a completely animated world . it 's a Max fleischer version of a city neighborhood . the tree and building be sway in time with the music . Eddie look to he leave and see a huge Aphrodite - like hood ornament on the front of a toon car . then as the car start to pass he he see hood ... hood ... hood ... more hood then a chauffeur , then more car , and finally the Wolf we remember from the ink & paint Club . he 's in top hat and tail , a toon lamb in the passenger seat . he tip he hat . wolf helloooo , cousin . now he drive past a toon building under construction . like everything else in toontown . the construction company sport the name " acme " . the sign out frontsay : watch our progress . Eddie look up , and before he can drive by , the building get build floor by floor with accompany sfx in about two second . up ahead , the street be clear for block . then suddenly car pour out of all side street at once , clogging the boulevard like arteriosclerosis . there be mad honking in this cartoon traffic jam . Eddie shake he head . he pull over , park and get out . valiant pull out he toon .38 . suddenly , the street empty in the blink of a eye . shutter close , and the sidewalk roll up like window shade . it 's so quiet you could hear a pin drop . in fact , a pin drop from a second story window , landing with the clang ! of a manhole cover . all be quiet again . valiant start across the street -- there be a creak behind he . valiant whirl around , levelling he pistol at the sound . angle on packard - roger peek out of the trunk of maroon 's car . roger rabbit do not shoot , Eddie . it 's I . valiant lower the gun as Roger emerge . valiant what the hell be you doin ' in there ? roger rabbit I follow you to the maroon studios . when I hear that shot , I think I would help you and investigate the inside of this trunk . valiant reach into the black bag in the car . he come out with a pair of toon handcuff . he slap one on Roger 's wrist . roger ra13 bit ( continue ) hey , what be you doin ' ? valiant drag Roger to the steering wheel . valiant I be make sure you do not help I anymore . he lock the cuff to it , and head across the street . around the corner - valiant stop at a street sign . the post be bristle with finger point in different direction ; i.e. , poughkeepsie , transylvania , walla walla , South pole ( the finger point down of course ) , and finally a finger which say : the Dame . Eddie follow the finger down the side street to a high rise building . he catch a glimpse of jessica darting into the elevator . valiant hustle inside after she . valiant go to the elevator , and watch the floor indicator spin round and round , finally stop with a bing at the 125th floor . the elevator door open and valiant step on . in the elevator valiant punch 125 . suddenly the elevator take out with such velocity that valiant be throw to the floor . after a moment , it stop so fast that he hit the ceiling . then bounce back to the floor as the door open . he pick himself up and step off the elevator . he 's in a foyer with four door . valiant open the first and step inside . he disappear . new angle valiant be on the outside of the building hang onto a flagpole for dear life . he look down at the street which look mile below . valiant inch back along the flagpole to the door and pull himself to safety . inside - valiant try the next door . this time more carefully . a speed train be come right at he . he slam the door . he try the next one . a homely old toon lady be in a bathtub . she let out a bloodcurdling scream . valiant close that door quickly , and turn to the last . when he open this one , we hear foreboding music . we see ... a dark alley warily , valiant walk into the alley , gun draw . there 's a noise behind the garbage can . valiant turn as a dead body with a knife in he back fall out of the shadow at valiant 's foot . a squeaky voice come from behind valiant . voice I guess they do not clean up after the last moider . valiant whip around to see a toon rat perch on a skull pick he tooth . valiant kick the skull . the rat scramble for cover . as valiant continue on , we see ... jessica rabbit step out of the shadow behind he and aim the gun at he back . jessica rabbit do not move , valiant . valiant turn slowly to see jessica 's get a bead on he with she revolver . valiant well ... I always figure I would get it in toontown . blam ! she fire . but valiant 's still stand . we hear a crash behind Eddie as a figure fall into some box from a fire escape above . jessica rabbit I think I get he . jessica run past valiant to the figure . he follow , bewilder . angle on ground we can see two rabbit ear stick out from behind a box valiant you shot Roger . jessica rabbit that 's not Roger . it 's one of doom 's man . he kill r.k. maroon . jessica move the box aside and tug on the rabbit ear . the rabbit head pop off . underneath be a weasle . in he hand be the colt .45 buntline . valiant Lady , I guess I have you peg wrong . jessica rabbit do not worry , you be not the first . we better get out of here . as they run down the alley ... CUT to : the packard - roger be behind the wheel make engine noise like a little kid . he push all the button , windshield wiper , convertible top , etcetera , until he accidentally hit the starter button . vroom ! the Packard fire to life . Roger 's startle for a moment , but quickly regains he composure . roger rabbit hmmm ... what would be the harm if I take she for a spin ? he throw it into gear . the Packard buck into the car in front of it . then Roger shift again . the same process be repeat in reverse . he smashes back and forth . bang ! bang ! roger rabbit ( continue ) ah ... the open road . around the corner - eddie and jessica come racing down the street . jessica rabbit it be doom who kill acme , you know ? valiant why do not you tell I ? jessica rabbit I do not know who I could trust . valiant we be even . by the way , I do find you husband . jessica rabbit ( excited ) where be he ? valiant he 's right here in the ... valiant round the corner and point toward the spot where the car use to be . but all that remain be a crumpled bumper . valiant ( continue ) ... car . he shake he head and look around for sign of Roger . intercut to : the packard be careen down toon street totally out of control . panicked , Roger be spin the wheel as if it be a motorboat . he drive in one side of mother Goose 's shoe and out the other , diaper all over the windshield . unable to see , Roger steer right off the road . the car hurtle through space . as it start to fall , we see it 's toon monument Valley . the Packard pass a promontory on which wile E. coyote be perch . as Roger pass , he wave to the coyote . roger rabbit hi , Roger rabbit . Love you work . intercut to : eddie and jessica who be now face a squad of ten toon Control weasle . they unleash a fusilade of bullet . valiant knock jessica to the ground . the bullet pass harmlessly overhead go into the window of the acme cheese shop , riddling a round of cheese . the cheesemaker be hand come into frame change the sign that say " gouda " to " swiss " . valiant roll and fire he toon .38 special . the toon bullet turn into a cannonball , which roll down the street busting up the weasle squad like a bowl ball through ten pin . as Eddie pull jessica to she foot , two more weasle descend on they . they fling toon knife , which pin Eddie to a wooden fence . valiant rip one hand free , and blast two shot at they . the toon bullet get to the weasle , and open they nose cone . two fry pan emerge and bonk the weasle on the head . jessica start to pull the knife out , release Eddie . valiant how do you get onto doom ? jessica rabbit marvin tell I . doom be after he land . ne be afraid . that 's why he bring I he will . valiant see a weasle skulking at they with a tommygun . blam ! valiant fire at he . the weasle duck back around the corner . but valiant 's dum - dum screech to a stop and go around the corner , too . we hear a explosion . the weasle come staggering out and fall in the street . valiant so where be it ? jessica rabbit when I open up the blue envelope , all that be inside be a blank piece of paper . valiant a joker to the end . now weasle be come at they from every direction . valiant aim the toon .38 at a toon tank roll they way . but when he pull the trigger , the gun just click . empty . jessica rabbit look like we goose be cook , we hash be sling , we fait be accompli ... valiant lemme guess where you get that from . tell I somethin' , what would you ever see in that guy anyway ? jessica rabbit he make I laugh . valiant shake he head . now they be completely surround by weasle . the situation look bleak . valiant well , do you prefer to die this way or that way ? valiant jerk he thumb indicate the direction behind he . suddenly , there 's a rubber- burn screech as benny the roadster arrive next to valiant 's hitchhiker - pose thumb . roadster need a lift ? valiant do a take . valiant benny . the roadster look back approvingly as jessica climb in with Eddie . roadster Mr. valiant , you have make a vast improvement in the company you keep . benny blast through a couple of weasle . they swing back and forth like tavern door , then topple . he take a hard right into the next block which be the toon Arctic . his tire turn into skis . he slalom back and forth between tree . the weasle pursue on dogsle . benny grab a stripe barber 's pole -- the North pole -- and slide down it . they land in the toon sahara . benny crawl up a large sand dune , he tongue hang out of he radiator . he glance back at the weasle who be mount on camel , wave scimitar . when they reach the top of the sand dune , we see they be on the precipice of a bottomless chasm . roadster look , the drawbridge -- we be gonna make it . valiant I do not see any bridge . roadster that 's because you gotta draw it first . benny take a pencil hang from a post lettere " draw Bridge " . he wet the pencil point and in a flash draw a bridge . it 's a rickety rope bridge . use the pencil as a balance pole , benny start to tiptoe across . the weasle jump off t'heir camel and start filing onto the bridge after they . when benny finally reach the other side , valiant grab the pencil from he and get out of the car . valiant hold on a second . jessica rabbit Eddie , come on . but valiant stand face the weasle , who be charge at he , sword raise . with a sly smile , valiant hold up the eraser end of the pencil . this freeze the weasle . but as valiant start to erase a rope support , the eraser break off the pencil and fall down into the chasm . the weasle wheeze with relief and advance for the kill . at the last second , valiant take the business end of the pencil and scribbles a handsaw . he grab it by the handle and saw the rope . the bridge swing away , smack the weasle into the opposite canyon wall . one by one , they slide off and disappear into the abyss . valiant climb back into benny . the roadster take off again , make a skid leave turn onto the main drag . as they make they break into the toontown tunnel ... ext . toontown tunnel - L.A. side - night a ten gallon drum be sit by the side of the road under the toontown sign . from in the tunnel we hear the SOUND of benny 's engine come closer . now a foot come out of the shadow and rest on the ten gallon drum . as the SOUND of the roadster get very loud , the foot kick the drum over , spilling a clear liquid across the road . new angle - the foot belong to judge doom . doom smile sadistically as the roadster with Eddie and jessica aboard come shoot out of the tunnel . when benny hit the liquid , he start to skid . roadster uh-oh ... whoaaa ...! look out ! his tire smoke , then disappear . it 's a dip slick . without tire , benny spin out of control , finally end up in the bush roadside . before Eddie and jessica can make a move , they be surround by a horde of weasle point what look like a hundred gun at they . doom be you two all right ? doom open one of the roadster 's door and help jessica out . valiant climb out after she . the weasle quickly relieve he of he toon pistol . doom ( continue ) this road can be very treacherous at night , especially in a maniacal toon vehicle . valiant the pot 's callin' the kettle maniacal . doom I have have enough of you insolence ! ( to weasle ) put he in my car . I think they will enjoy attend we ribbon cut at the acme factory . the weasle prod valiant and jessica into doom 's lincoln . a weasle refer to benny whimpering in the bush . weasle what about he ? doom he 's not go anywhere . we will send the mobile unit after he . doom climb into the car and it zoom off , weasle jump onto the run board . benny crawl out of the bush on he axle . roadster the boinin ' , the boinin ' ... he make it down into the drainage ditch , dip he tootsy one by one . there 's a hiss as they hit the water and the chemical from the dip be extinguish . roadster ( continue ) oh , yeah ... that 's better . now benny hear the SOUND of another vehicle coming out of the toontown tunnel . he duck down and peek over the ditch to see ... roger in the packard come scream out of the tunnel backwards . maroon 's Packard look like the winner of a demolition derby . benny stand and wave to he . roadster Roger ! Roger see he and slam on the brake , skid the Packard into the toontown sign . roger rabbit benny ? benny hobble over to the Packard . he pop he trunk and rummages around . he come out with toon boltcutter . he clip Roger 's cuff off . roadster doom 's get you wife and valiant . he take they to the acme factory , roger rabbit let 's go ! benny nudge Roger to the passenger side . roadster slide over , son . it look like you have do enough drivin ' for tonight . now the toon roadster gingerly get behind the wheel of the Packard . he hit the gas and the Packard lurch down the road . int . acme factory - night doom 's car be park inside . there be several other vehicle as well . there 's a steamroller , a road grader , and a huge modify tanker truck . it 's mount with a thousand gallon vat , the content of which be be stir by a motorize unit . all the vehicle be mark with a large green four- leaf clover logo . valiant and jessica be hold at gunpoint by a couple of weasle , while several other be busy jackhammering the brick wall at the far end of the factory . doom pull on he rubber glove , turn to the weasle . doom frisk they . see if they have the will . several weasle rush for the opportunity to frisk jessica . the head weasle slap the other away . then wheeze laciviously , he turn to the task . he start to move he hand over she body when jessica stomp she heel on he foot . jessica rabbit get you hand off I , you little rodent ! the weasle hop away angrily and quickly frisk valiant . he turn to doom and shake he head . doom no matter . ( check watch ) I do not expect the will to show up in the next fifteen minute . by then cloverleaf will own toontown quite legally . valiant so you be cloverleaf ? doom no one person be cloverleaf . we be a vast company with diverse interest ... gasoline , tire , automobile . at the brick wall the jackhammering have stop . a weasle pluck one brick out of the wall . toon light beam through . he reach into the hole in the wall and come out hold a bunch of toon bananas . wheeze wickedly , he pass they out to he compatriot . they devour the bananas , throw the peel helter -skelter . valiant turn he attention from the brick wall back to doom . valiant come on , doom . what would a company like that want with toontown ? doom it be not toontown they want . it be my idea of how to put the land to better use . doom go to the truck and start turn on valve and start compressor . doom ( continue ) in fact , they think my concept so brilliant , that they offer I the directorship of transportation . I have accept . ( to weasle ) bring I Mr. valiant 's gun . the weasle trot over and deliver valiant 's toon .38 . doom inspect it . he read a engrave on the frame . doom ( continue ) ' thanks for get I out of the hoosegow . yosemite Sam '. ( look up ) how sweet . doom throw the gun on the ground . he push back a long lever on the truck , let loose a tiny spurt of fluid from the discharge valve . the gun disappear . jessica rabbit dip ? doom that 's right . enough to dip toontown off the face of the earth . ext . acme factory - roger and benny have be watch the proceedings through a window . they turn to each other stunne . benny / roger rabbit dip toontown ? roger rabbit we gotta do something ! Roger scurries back to the Packard hide outside the gate . he open valiant 's black bag and come out hold Eddie 's real pistol . benny come tenderfoot up . roadster Roger , what be you gonna do with that gun ? roger rabbit I be gonna save they , of course . you go for help . find dolore at the Terminal bar . she will know what to do . roadster well ... all right ... reluctantly , benny get behind the wheel of the Packard . roadster ( continue ) but you be careful now with that gun . this be not no cartoon . benny pull away . Roger turn with determination and zip back to the window int . factory doom pull the tarp off the top of the truck , revealing a modify water cannon . jessica rabbit you be sick , doom . where do people like you come from ? doom never mind where I come from . just watch where I be go . valiant do not you think anyone 's gonna notice that toontown 's go ? doom they will not care . who 's go to miss some ridiculous talk mouse when they can have the future ? ext . back of factory - roger be try to jimmy open a window use he whole body for leverage . he finally pop the window open . gun draw , he climb over the sill . and fall head first . int . bathroom Roger splashes into the toilet bowl in the acme washroom . he bob up . he drain the water out of the pistol barrel and peek over the bowl . he get a determine look in he eye . roger rabbit it 's time to make my move . Roger start to climb out of the toilet . he reach for something to grab onto . unwittingly , he get the toilet chain hang from the tank above . as he pull himself out , the toilet flush . Roger have only a moment to register a dumbfounded expression before he be suck down the john . in the factory - doom continue expansively . doom right here where we be stand , will be the cornerstone of my idea ... the cloverleaf -- a elegant cement structure that intertwine freeway . valiant what the hell 's a freeway ? doom a freeway , Mr. valiant , be eight lane of asphalt run uninterrupted from L.A. to pasadena . pasadena to Hollywood . Hollywood to Santa monica . someday everyone will be in car drive happily , non-stop from one end of the L.A. basin to another . valiant that 's what this be all about ? tell I , who 's gonna use you lousy freeway ? we get the Red Cars , the best public transportation in the country . doom not for long . we be retire the Red Cars . people will drive , Mr. valiant , because they will have to . and when they drive , they will have to buy we car , we tire , we gasoline . jessica rabbit why would you bother to call it a freeway ? doom step up into they face . behind he , several weasle be fashion a noose . doom have a nice ring . too bad you two will not be around to enjoy it . suddenly Roger explode out of the drainage grate in the floor . his entrance send the weasle fly . Roger land on he foot , James cagney -like , levelling he gun on judge doom . roger rabbit get them up . all of you ! or I let the judge have it ! jessica rabbit Roger , darling ! roger rabbit yes , it 's I , my dearest . I would embrace you but first I have to take care of some unfinish business . doom put that gun down , you buck -toothed fool . roger rabbit go ahead . give I a excuse to fill you full of hole , pump you full of lead . ( over shoulder ) how be I doin ' , Eddie ? valiant Real good , rog ... but maybe you better let I take over . roger rabbit not before I satisfy my sense of moral outrage . milk the moment , he shift the gun from one hand to another . he circle doom , poke and prodding he with the gun . roger rabbit ( continue ) you think you could get away with this ? hah ! we toon may be idiotic , but we be not stupid ! Pov overhead we look down on the proceedings from high in the rafter . pull back to reveal we be watch from the Pov of voltaire , who 's perch on the top inventory rack . voltaire clean he fingernails , casually . roger rabbit yes , justice , judge doom . the real meaning of the word probably hit you like a ton of brick ! voltaire calmly nudge a acme ton-of - brick off the shelf . close - roger he never see it come . smash ! the brick land on he head and bury he . the only thing we can see of Roger be he hand with the gun in it . doom well , this be turn out better than I think . doom pick the gun up . the weasle drag Roger out from under the brick . Big bright star be circle he head . roger rabbit ( delirious ) look , star ! ready when you be , raoul . valiant shake he head , but jessica start to laugh . jessica rabbit I have miss you , Roger . doom tie the lovebird together . the weasle twirl toon rope around Roger and jessica like a cocoon . they hook they on a power winch . then hit a button and raise Roger and jessica until they be suspend fifteen foot above the floor ... right in the path of the dipmobile . doom hand valiant 's gun to the head weasle . doom ( continue ) let he watch he toon friend get dip ... then shoot he . doom turn and start to walk away . angle on ground he step on a toon banana peel and go flat on he keester . the weasles always quick with a laugh , break up at they boss ' misfortune . the one guard Eddie be so overcome with laughter that he 's slapping he thigh with he gun hand . valiant see he opportunity . he start to make a move toward the distract weasle and almost get he hand on the gun when : doom watch out , you idiot ... he 's go for the gun ! the weasle turn at the last second , stick the barrel up against valiant 's nose . doom get to he foot . he glower at the weasle and knock he on the head with the gavel head of he cane . doom stalk out of the room . the weasle scramble to position on the dipmobile . one fire up the engine . the streetcleaner brushes start to turn . the vehicle start to creep forward . another weasle climb into the turret . he put Roger and jessica in the crosshair of the cannon . bead of sweat break out on valiant 's face . the weasle , wheeze with evil glee , start to press he finger to the trigger . roger rabbit you guy think this be real funny , doncha ? ( to valiant ) Eddie , do something ' ! at the last second , Eddie shout at the weasle . valiant hey ! the weasle turn to he . valiant ( continue ) before you pull the trigger , I want you to know something ' about the guy you be about to dip . suddenly , Eddie break into the " looney tooney song " . the song Roger have sung in the bar . the silly voice that come out of he mouth surprise everybody , especially Roger . valiant ( continue ; sing ) ' his name be Roger rabbit he 's get a crazy habit ... ' valiant start skulking across the floor . it 's a cross between groucho marx and a Chuck Berry duck walk . valiant ( continue ; sing ) ' he like to sing and dance and yuk so brighten up and smile you schmuck ... ' valiant start " hoo-hoogg " , slapping himself in the forehead . now the weasle start giggling . they have never see a human do this before . valiant ' now my name 's Eddie V I be looney too you will see ' valiant flip into a handstand and start walk on he hand . valiant ( continue ) ' I walk with my hand and I shake with my foot ... ' he offer he foot to a weasle who shake it . the other howl . Eddie flip upright and grab a stick of acme dynamite . valiant ( continue ) ' I think dynamite be swell to eat ' . Eddie take a bite out of the toon dynamite and act like he 's savore it . the spectacle of this human do this be too much to bear . now the weasle be roll on the ground , hold they side . jessica rabbit he 's lose he mind ! roger rabbit yeah , be not it great ? keep it up , Eddie ... you be kill them , you be slayin ' them , you be knockin ' them dead . Roger mean it . the weasle be laugh so hard they be give themselves heart attack . valiant spin around on the floor like a clock dial go berserk . valiant hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ... one by one , the weasle keel over ... dead . opaque weasle spirit leave they body with wing and harp , and float heavenward , still laugh . voltaire alarmed at the scene below , grab a brick and flap toward the ceiling . he throw the brick through the skylight and fly out . voltaire doom ! doom ! on the dipmobile the weasle on the turret collapse onto the trigger . the unmanned dip cannon start spraying , as the arm sweep slowly back and forth like a , automatic lawn sprinkler . valiant hitches a ride on the last ascend weasle Spirit , let it hoist he to the top of the truck . as he move the weasle body off the trigger ... voltaire crash back through the skylight and swoops down on Eddie . he sink he talon into Eddie 's back and lift he into the air . as valiant be be pull skyward he reach for something along the wall of inventory . he grab a handful of acme small pill and jam a couple dowm the buzzard 's mouth . instantly , voltaire start to shrink . as he get smaller , he can no longer hold Eddie up . they both descend as voltaire shrink to the size of a chick . the sprayer be swinging back towards Roger and jessica . at the last second , valiant reach up and block it . it swing back the other way . as valiant scramble up on the vehicle to turn it off , voltaire have find a box of acme Big pill . he peck into it ... and after a beat , explode out of the box . he 's now three time the size he be before . voltaire flap in for the kill . valiant reach the turret just in time to swing the cannon around . the spray of dip blast one of voltaire 's wing off . he spin earthward like a flame messerschmidt , finally landing in the dip vat and dissolve into a black pool . doom arrive just in time to see he pet bird dissolve . angrily , he step onto a giant acme mousetrap . he use a piece of acme cheese to spring it , catapult he through the air . just as valiant be about to turn off the dip cannon , doom land on the truck . he knock Eddie off the turret with a fly tackle . they both hit the floor . doom get up , leave Eddie stunne . he sprint to where the weasle have drop Eddie 's pistol . finally Eddie shake it off . he see doom about to reach the gun . he strap on a pair of acme rocket skate , fire they up and shoot across the floor . he knock doom into a stack of acme box , toppling the whole shelf down on top of he . as the sprayer swing back toward Roger and jessica , they have they last moment together . jessica rabbit Roger , I want you to know I love you . I love you more than any woman have ever love a rabbit . roger rabbit be comfort in the knowledge that as we face the grim dipper , we paint will be comingle for eternity . they both close they eye , wait for the end . but it never came . the truck run up on some box and the sprayer arm swing back the other way . doom grab a acme slingshot , load a acme boulder and fire it at valiant . blam ! it whacks valiant on the head , lay he out cold in front of the cloverleaf steamroller , doom climb into the steamroller and start it up . he put it into gear and start it roll toward valiant . valiant come around to see the huge roller bear down on he . at the last second , valiant roll out of the way and grab a acme box glove . it accordian out and smashes doom in the face . he go fly out of the driver 's seat , turn the wheel as he fall . the steamroller start to turn in circle . valiant jump doom . but doom be stronger . he throw valiant off and start whack he with he fist . he pummel valiant backward toward the drum of the steamroller . valiant grab the nearest thing for defense . it 's a can of acme stay - put adhesive . he whip it up in front of he face . doom put he fist right through it , cover he hand with glue . he smile at valiant and haul off again . valiant duck . doom 's fist strike the top of the drum of the steamroller . frantically he try to pull it off . but it " stays - put " . the roller start to suck he fist down and under . doom nooooo ! jessica and Roger avert they eye as the steamroller crush doom . valiant breathes a sigh of relief . he start for the dip truck as the cannon swing back toward Roger and jessica . but neither of they be watch the cannon . they eye be fix on the ground behind the steamroller . angle on ground there be not the messy pile of blood and gut you would expect to see if a human get run over . instead , we see that judge doom 's remain have roll out like a flat black pancake . after a beat , a edge curl up with a creak . now the whole shape peel off the floor and wobble to it 's foot . revealing doom be a toon . roger rabbit Eddie , look out ! valiant turn to see doom stick he flatten thumb in he mouth . he blow , re-inflate himself . his glass crack and fall off . then he prosthetic eyeball pop out . his tooth shatter and fall out of he mouth like china . underneath he latex mask we can see he toon mouth and evil red toon eye . valiant Holy shit , he 's a toon ! doom surprise ? valiant not really . only a toon could think of something as goofy as that freeway idea . doom take the black rubber glove off , revealing red hand with long fingernails . he make he fist into a anvil and advance on valiant . doom be that so ? well , we will see who 's the goofy one . blam ! from ten foot away , he smashes valiant with a bone-crush punch . valiant stagger backwards . doom ( continue ) by the way , when I kill you brother , teddy , I use to talk just like this . doom spesk in a toony high - pitch squeak . valiant recognize he now . valiant you ? doom that 's right , I . blam ! doom hammer valiant again . he 's defenseless against doom 's super human strength . blam ! valiant go sprawling to the ground . now doom 's hand turn into a buzzsaw . he go to administer the coup de grace . doom ( continue ) now Eddie 's gonna be deady , just like teddy . with he last ounce of strength , valiant grab the acme box Glove . he pop it . the glove extend across the room , punch the release lever on the dip truck . close - valve a flood of dip gush out of the valve and roll toward doom like a wave . doom scream as the torrent hit he with a crash . but there 's no escape for he this time . the flood of liquid envelope he at the ankle . he dissolves into it like a melting candle . the dipmobile continue forward inexorably . the arm be swinging towards Roger and jessica . it get closer and closer ... valiant try to get to the truck , but it 's too late . the cannon have reach they . close - roger and jessica they close they eye , prepare to meet they Maker . but nothing happen . the spray of the cannon suddenly peter out . it dry up in a harmless drip as the tank have completely emptied . valiant get to the control of the power winch . he hoist Roger and jessica up out of the way . the dipmobile pass harmlessly underneath they and smashes through the brick wall . toontown be revealed in all its splendor . it 's a bucolic set . a rainbow share the blue sky with a smile sun . fawn and butterfly , chipmunk and flower watch curiously as the dip truck roll past . suddenly it 's lift off the ground . we see it 's rest on the top of a toon giant 's head . this giant pluck the truck off he head , regards it , then pop it in he mouth . valiant lower Roger and jessica to the ground . we hear police siren approach . when valiant unty they , jessica turn and exclaim ... jessica rabbit my hero ! then she hug Roger passionately . valiant can only shrug . through the wall - toons start come in . they look around at the scene , bewilder , then gather around doom 's robe , mask and shoe lie in the puddle of dip . there 's a reddish slick float on top . valiant wander over and join they . valiant hi-ho , the doom be dead . angle on door dolore , Lt. santino , and several other cop rush in , gun draw . dolore run to Eddie and put she arm around he . santino look down at the remain on the floor . lo. santino what the hell be that ? valiant doom . lo. santino Jesus Christ ... that be the judge ? valiant take the paint chip out of he pocket . he put it up against the red slime on the robe . it 's a match . valiant that be the murderer of herman acme , maroon ... and my brother . dolore look down at the front of valiant 's shirt . a dark stain be appear . dolore Eddie , we better get you to hospital . you be bleedin' . valiant look down at the stain . valiant that 's not blood . that 's ink . that goof acme squirt I with some the other day . why it 's comin ' ' through now , I do not know . roger rabbit that 's because it 's disappear - reappearing ink . show up three day later . give you enough time to get away from the victim so he do not punch you in the nose . great gag . valiant yeah ... dolore I will treat you to a new shirt . after all , you do save toontown . jessica rabbit Problem be without marvin 's will , the land still go to cloverleaf . roger rabbit that 's right . if only we know what happen to that will ... valiant look up from he shirt . valiant say Roger , remember that love letter you write you wife at the ink & paint Club ? roger rabbit yeah ? valiant I think you oughta read it to she . roger rabbit good idea . he reach in he pocket , pull out the paper and clear he throat . roger rabbit ( continue ; read ) dear jessy ... how do I love thee ? let I count the ... I , marvin acme , of sound mind and body ... hey ? close - paper the disappear - reappearing ink be come up over Roger 's scribbling . valiant keep read ... roger rabbit ( read ) hey , it 's the will . I , marvin acme , of sound mind and body , hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo , do hereby bequeath in perpetuity the property know as toontown to that loveable character ... pan the toon crowd , who be listen to the read of the will . it be a gallery of recognizable face . everyone from mickey to bug , yakky doodle to yosemite Sam , dumbo to dopey , bambi to droopy , tweety Bird to tinkerbell . they be all there . roger rabbit ( continue ) ... who have give I and the rest of humanity so much mirth and merriment ... the toon . the toon crowd erupt with a cheer ! hat go in the air and they descend on Roger , slapping he back . Roger break away from the crowd and join Eddie . two shot - eddie and roger they stand side by side , look out over toontown . roger rabbit well , Eddie , you still think I be a patsy , a simp , a chump ? Eddie wipe the spit off he face . valiant no , kid , you be a real hero . roger rabbit I guess I be at that . cigar ? Roger hold out a large stogie . valiant why not ? Roger light Eddie 's and one for himself . valiant ( continue ) by the way , Roger , you be right about you wife . she 's a good lady . I be glad you get she back . roger rabbit and I be glad you get you sense of humor back . think you will keep it ? valiant only time will tell . valiant puff on the cigar . valiant ( continue ) pretty good cigar . where would you get it ? roger rabbit from this box here ... valiant glance down . the box say , " acme explode cigar " . he look to Roger , but it 's too late . kaboom ! kaboom ! they cigar blow up in classic toon tradition , blacken both they face . Roger start laugh . Eddie stare at Roger for a moment , then he start laugh too . they throw they head back in a howl . the other toon join in . pretty soon the whole factory be shaking with laughter . a toon cop dress in blue uniform and hat with he back to we try to restore order in the acme factory . as soon as he talk , we recognize the stutter . it 's porky pig . porky pig o-k-k -k , mmmove along . there 's nnnothin ' else to see . t-t- that 's it . t-t-that 's all , folk . ( turn to camera ) hmm , I l-l - like the sound of that . then , savore the phrase , porky stutter out the famous sign -off . porky pig ( continue ) eee-ba - da , eee-ba-da ... t- t - that 's all , folk ! cartoon music up . Iris out . the end