who' you daddy written by Maria veltre &amp ; Jack sekowski fade in : ext . above the cloud - day we fly high above heavenly cloud . beneath a brilliant blue sky . a teenaged boy' voice greet we ... ted nelson ( v.o . ) on any give day , you life can change in the blink of a eye . it 's a cliché , I know ... descend through the cloud , we be catch for a moment in a dreamy gauze . we emerge to find ourselves glide above a small town . descend lower . and lower . to xenia , Ohio . ted ( v.o. ) ... but a lot of clich get to be clich because they be true . you life can change in the blink of a eye . what I mean be , one day you be a regular chump , a wannabe something . you be not even totally sure what you wannabe ... we pass over the town square . a fine spring day in middle America . Red brick building with name like " Miller &amp ; Son drug , " " two sister gift , " " Nelson family market . " you can almost smell the rosy cheek and moral fiber . ted ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the next day the doorbell ring and some stranger 's hold you ticket to be somebody . still fly over the town , we focus on a teenaged boy on a schwinn . we follow as he pedal he way to ... tecumseh high school a three story building . older , brick , sturdy . meticulously maintain . ted ( v.o. ) it happen every day . dream come true . and not just for that dim witted chain -smoke hillbilly you see on tv . you know , the one who win the Super lotto and spend they fortune on a truck full of goober and a new set of front tooth . it could happen to any guy , any time ... even I . ext . tecumseh high school - day a janitor raise the american flag . it flap proudly as the teenager chain he bike to a bike rack . he glance up at the flag , which be reflect in he uber-hip sunglass . when he smile , in slow mo , he tooth seem to sparkle . ted ( v.o. ) uh , that 's not I . I be over here . we swish pan to another teenager , lock he bike . meet we much less glamorous hero : ted nelson , 17 . a decent look kid . not hip enough to be cool . not square enough to be torment . he join the other kide head into the school . ted ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you be disappointed , I know . I admit , I be hopeless back then . the 'do , the shade , ugh . but I always have good taste in woman . int . tecumseh high school - corridor - day christy malone , 17 , fill she cheerleader uniform in all the right place . we watch she at she locker . also in slow mo . which make even she most mundane task seem graceful . wow , just look at she stack that book . ted ( v.o. ) that 's christy malone . head cheerleader , love of my life , lust of my loin . christy glance off screen and squeal excitedly . another cheerleader enter the frame , hold a newspaper call " exposed ! " christy read the headline . christy " Health teacher flunk her own lesson ! " no way ! it 's miss Pratt , smoking a doobie ! christy call to Ted .... christy ( cont 'd ) look at this , Ted ! imagine if we do this in the school paper ! she show he " expose ! " Ted gawk . happy just to be this close to christy . but they be quickly interrupt by ... principal merkin ( o.s. ) Hand they over ! immediately ! principal richard merkin , mid -50' , march down the hallway , seize copy of " exposed ! " from student ' hand . we can see that it be a " homemade " look newspaper . and there 's obviously much ado about it . christy wink at Ted as she hide the newspaper in she locker . freeze frame on christy , winking . ted ( v.o. ) look at that smile . that wink . that 's no platonic wink . that 's a wink that say , " I do not just want you , ted. I need you . " so of course I have to ask she to the prom . I mean , she be practically begging for it . int . tecumseh high school - newsroom - day Ted amble toward christy . struggle for nonchalance . she limber up by stretch she leg high against the wall . she whisper to another cheerleader . they giggle . then christy turn to Ted . flash that perfect smile of hers . christy just the guy I have be look for . Ted wipe he sweaty palm on he jeans ... ted I have be look for you , too . christy continue stretch . driving Ted crazy with she contortionist move . christy would not it be awesome if we be about to say the exact same thing ? ted ( sotto ) from you lip , to God 's ear . christy you go first . ted lady first . I insist . christy well . the prom 's come up . ted yeah ? christy and I be wonder . ted yeah ? christy if you do not have ... I mean ... she look up at he with gorgeous blue eye . then blurt ... christy ( cont 'd ) teddy ? would you please please please take I to the prom ? ted shut up ! be you serious ? of course I will ... of course . christy joyously jump into Ted 's arm . wrapping she leg around he in a passionate embrace . the entire room applaud . christy you be the most wonderful guy in the whole wide world , and I love you madly , teddy Nelson ! and just as she 's about to plant one right on he lip ... smash CUT to : int . ted' office - newsroom - day the shrill ringing of a tornado drill alarm snap Ted out of he reverie . a large glass window separate Ted 's editor -in chief office from the rest of the school newsroom . we realize now that Ted have only be gaze through the window at christy , watch she stretch that gorgeous limb of hers . ted ( v.o. ) sorry about that . a cheap trick , I know . but it 's my story and my fantasy . so cut I some slack . he follow the other student to ... int . corridor - tecumseh high school - day Ted join he schoolmate , lining up on both side of the hallway . Far from any window . they all know the drill . christy 's just across the hall from Ted . he can not take he eye off of she . charlie duke , 17 , approach Ted . he 's get a camera around he neck and so much confidence , it 's a wonder he can balance he head on he shoulder . charlie come on , bro . spare yourself the humiliation , the degradation ... ted you and you pep talk . charlie do not get I wrong . we can salivate over all the christy malone of we life . wish we could devour they like melt - in- your-mouth filet mignon . but we be strictly hamburger guy . Ground chuck , sixty eight percent lean , be about the best we can hope for . freeze frame on charlie . ted ( v.o. ) that 's Charlie . my best friend . he 's into beef analogy , partly because he 's a butcher 's son , and partly because , well , he 's just into beef analogy . what can I say ? he 's also a photographer ... int . basketball court - tecumseh high school - day Charlie kneel by the sideline . shoot cheerleader with he Nikon and a obscenely long lens . ted ( v.o. ) ... a very gift photographer . through charlie' lens : a cheerleader 's ripe buttock , peek out from beneath a short pleate skirt . as she kick and jump , she little red panty wedge themselves firmly between she cheek . the camera skillfully track she movement , wait until ... the cheerleader 's hand come down . in slow mo , she finger slip under she panty and tug on the fabric , pull it over she cheek . Charlie 's motor drive whirl . rapid still shot of the cheerleader's bottom ted ( v.o. ) the senior class vote he , " most likely to have a restraining order file against him . " but that 's another story . back to corridor Ted and Charlie lean against the wall . ted I genuinely think she want I . I feel a vibe . charlie that vibe be from you wrist , pal . you have be over - tenderize you meat , again . christy catch Ted 's eye and smile a perfect smile . ted see ? do you see that ? charlie she smile at everyone , Ted . she 's like a newborn with gas . Charlie secretly show Ted a nudie magazine . " heaven . " a gorgeous woman with perfect breast grace the cover . a golden halo over she head . Charlie flip it open . point to a picture . charlie ( cont 'd ) the only chick more untouchable than christy malone be miss april. ( feminine voice ) " hi , my name 's Ginger . I love tofu burger , rainy night , and riding bareback . my biggest turn - off be cell phone during sex . " here 's a tip : set it on vibrate , honey , and do not be stingy with the lube . ( winking at Ted ) do not knock it till you try it . ted be you always this sick ? charlie one thing for sure , christy malone be not lookin that good naked . Ted take a peek at Ginger . then at christy . ted someday , I will find out . charlie you have a better chance of be hit by a mack truck with a refrigerate cargo bed full of sirloin tip . Ted grab the magazine and flip through more page . beautiful , naked woman . Palm tree . Blue sky . bubble jacuzzis . Red ferraris . the stuff that fantasy be make of . Ted look determine ... ted I defy you hamburger theory of life , and all of the unfulfilled hope and dream it represent . charlie that 's crazy talk . ted I defy any and all limit . Charlie can see the look in Ted 's eye . he 's about to do something bold and dare . something he will regret . charlie do not do it , Ted . do not do it . ted ( walk away ; defiantly ) any time , any day , a man can completely reinvent himself . Ted start to walk across the corridor , ignore Charlie ... charlie I be warning you . this be a official warning . danger , will Robinson , danger . a quietly attractive teenage girl , julie conroy , watch Ted . she seem concerned , too . ted ( v.o. ) there 's one more person you should meet . someone integral to my story . freeze frame on julie . ted ( v.o. ) that 's Julie conroy . unlike the rest of this loser , she do not grow up in xenia , Ohio . I just meet she that day . but already , she have make a difference in my life . int . teacher's lounge - tecumseh high school - day teacher mill around . chatt . snack on donut , coffee . principal merkin burst in , spilling a stack of " exposed ! " onto a table . everyone freeze . principal merkin oh , miss Pratt , miss Pratt ! what be you think ? how could you be so careless ? ( read ) " expose hypocrisy in the moron who teach we . " that 's the little bastard 's motto ! the teacher turn to miss pratt . we recognize she from the cover of " exposed ! " miss pratt ( summoning courage ) principal merkin , I realize we have to teach the child that recreational drug be the devil 's work , but that do not mean we do not dance with the Prince of darkness ourselves , every now and again . principal merkin ah , well , bravo ! that 's just what we will tell the school board . suddenly , a AIR vent pop open and crash on top of a coffee machine . the whole room , in shocked silence , turn to look at ... julie , she head frame by the air duct . she hold a digital camera in she hand . her expression say : " oh , shit . " principal merkin narrow he eye at the " little bastard " who have be make he life hell . int . ted' office - newsroom - day Julie sit in a chair in front of Ted 's desk . she and Ted size up one another . ted ( v.o. ) merk 's punishment be cruel . expulsion without appeal . or work for I on the school paper . the school paper would be torture for a gonzo reporter like Julie and we both know it . but what choice do she have ? Julie lean back on the chair , rest she foot on Ted 's file , and blow a huge bubble . julie so , William randolph . you last big scoop contrast the popularity of Rice crispie treat and chocolate snickerdoodle at the annual bake sale . ted that 's just one example . my report have make a difference . julie let I guess : retail sale of little chocolate sprinkle have go through the roof ! ted the school dumpster use to overflow to the point where the stench be unbearable . my award win exposé change all that . the city add a extra weekday trash pick -up . Julie deadpan ... julie be it true ? be ignorance bliss ? ted look , I love " expose ! " and I hate it that you get bust . I know the school paper suck in comparison , but it 's really not that bad . Ted 's eye wander to christy , who prance around the newsroom . Julie notice . julie do not even tell I you be hot for miss titty pom pom over there . ted christy 's a very talented journalist . I see a pulitzer in she future . julie I do not know they give they for best lip gloss retention during a blow job . ted me-ow . julie go ahead . ask she to the prom . get it over with . ted I have absolutely no intention -- julie -- do it . I triple- dog - dare you . back to corridor Ted near christy . student stare as he pass . they elbow one another . whisper . ted ( v.o. ) so you see , this be really about a triple - dog -dare . I do not even know what it mean . I just know , unless it 's a felony , a triple - dog - dare pretty much have to be meet with immediate action . Ted seem unaware that all eye be upon he . the cacophony of the corridor settles . he get down on one knee in front of christy . christy look down on ted. smile that smile . which freeze as she eye dart . realizing that everyone be stare at they with great anticipation . ted ( cont 'd ) uh , christy , I be wonder ... all student would you go to the prom with I ?!!! the corridor explode with laughter . Ted flush with embarrassment . christy look mortify . christy ( through gritt tooth ) Ted , have you lose you mind ? ted you like I . I like you . I guess it 's pretty obvious to everyone . christy I do not like you . we be just friend . ted but that smile . christy oh , Ted , duh . I smile at everyone since I get my brace off . ted so you will think about it ? christy laugh derisively . christy you really do not get it , do you ? I be genetically program to desire a big , buff , manly man who can defend and provide for I and my yet to be conceive offspring ! it 's , like , a caveman thing ! ted so that 's a maybe ? christy the answer be never , Ted , never . except maybe in you dream . christy flee . leave Ted kneel there . alone . unless you count the hoard of student who be watch and laughing hysterically . ted in my dream . of course . ( repeat ; chant ) this be a dream . this be only a dream . Julie approach . give he a hand . help he up . julie no , Ted . this be a actual emergency . int . tecumseh high school - men' room - day Ted puke in the sink . julie I try to warn you , William randolph . she 's get stiletto heel hide in that ked . ted but you triple - dog -dare I . julie it be for you own good , in a twisted sort of publicly humiliate way . charlie one word , my friend . one word . meatloaf . Ted lift he head . look in the mirror . distraught . ted there 's gotta be more to life than meatloaf . int . the nelson kitchen - evening not a hair above middle class . Home sweet home nonetheless . dinner in progress . mom , dad , Ted , young brother , jimmy . a mutt name corky curl under the table . a storm brews . lightn in the distance . Thunder rumble . Ted 's Mom observe she son with unmistakable mom-radar . she slide a slab of - rotten timing ! - meat loaf onto he plate with a unpleasant thud . Ted shudder ... ted if I never eat another bite of meat loaf again , it will be too soon . Ted 's Mom frown . Jimmy explain matter - of-factly . jimmy Mom , dad . meatloaf have come to represent all that Ted hate about he mediocre life and the world we live in . he 's what you would call clinically bum . ted why can not we have pot roast or stroganoff or even a little London broil ? I mean , for god 's sake , we own a grocery store ! Ted 's parent look at one another , shake they head . his dad gently explain ... dad we hear about christy , son . Jimmy try to stifle a grin . ted what be this ? do everybody know everything I be about to say or do every freakin ' minute of the day ? mom no cursing in this house , young man . use the strong vocabulary God give you . ted I do not have a shred of privacy in this whole stupid town ! dad we understand you disappointment , teddy . christy be a pretty , sexy , provocative , voluptuous ... ( catch himself ) we ...uh ... we understand you disappointment . ted it 's my private business ! mine ! mom can the tantrum , sweet pea . we be the good guy , remember ? jimmy Mom , dad . do not allow this disturbing behavior to furrow you collective brow . Ted 's just experience some post-adolescent turmoil , come to term with the whole " small town dynamic . " ted I hate xenia ! I hate my life ! Ted charge for the front door ... ted ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and until that moment , this be the worst day of my seventeen and a half year . and then it happen . Three , two , one ... ext . nelson house - evening Ted burst outside and plow straight into marty zukerman , a short , rotund man in he mid-50s . ted whoa ! sorry , mister . Zukerman 's briefcase and papers be knock to the ground . Ted help to retrieve they . zukerman in a hurry , be we ? ted I be in the middle of a melodramatic exit . it would not really make a statement if I tiptoed out the door ... what be you sell ? zukerman bad news . ted people pay good money for that ? zukerman I be just a messenger . Ted start to back away . instinctively know the bad news must be for he . ted oh no . no way . I have have all the bad news I can take for one day . zukerman it 's about you parent . Ted stop . puzzle . ted my parent ? what do you mean ? zukerman I be terrible at this . I blurt . I be a blurter . you parent ... they ... well ... they exist no further . ( off Ted 's confusion ) skinny -dip . the amazon . piranhas . it be not pretty . ted you have get the wrong guy . the close my parent have be to the amazon be the brazilian pavilion at epcot . zukerman well kid , I be speak of ... you biological parent . int . nelson live room - night Ted sit on the couch , bewilder . dad beside he . Mom pour coffee in she best china . Zukerman regards a wall of family photo as he take a sip . zukerman the will read be next Tuesday . naturally all of Ted 's expense will be take care of . Ted 's parent look worried . Mom remind dad ... mom we have a truckload of strawberry arrive on Tuesday morning . dad ( explain to Zukerman ) we own a small family grocery store . zukerman how quaint . ted ( quietly ; mope ) it 's spring break . I do not want to go to a will read . mom that 's part of grow up , honey . ted what ? have spring break ruin by will reading ? dad you know what you mother mean . zukerman all right , I can give you two ticket , prepay , but you must be there . there 's no other way . jimmy Mom , dad . allow I to accompany Ted . I can assure you , I will be the level - head sidekick to you angst ride teen . dad I think Ted should take someone older , more responsible . mom what about Charlie ? you boy could make it a little adventure . ted Charlie , at a will read ? what do I do to deserve this ? lightn strike again . Thunder rumble a second later . the light flicker . and it 's pitch black . int . ted' bedroom - night candle light the dark room . rain pour hard outside . journalism memento all over Ted 's wall . News clipping . Magazine cover . there 's even a faux pulitzer , a Christmas gift from he parent . Ted 's dad sit on the edge of he bed . dad I remember spring break of my senior year . seem like a lifetime ago . ted dad , please . dad grandpa be so strong back then . work from the crack of dawn . so proud of he peach . ted remember how you struggle through that whole fact of life talk and then find out I know more than you ? dad you be way ahead of I again ? ted ( prove it ... ) it be the year of the rhizopus rot . grandpa almost lose the farm . you sacrifice you dream to go to the prize hog festival . and in the end you save the peach and you do not have to slaughter you sow . dad the lesson be ? ted sometimes you have to do stuff you do not want to do . it 's all part of grow up . and it usually work out peachy in the end . dad I be get so good at this . dad chuckle , but Ted 's still mope . ted you guy be my parent . dad of course we be . ted they do not want I when I be bear . why should I care ... ... if they be dead . dad Son . ted well , why should I ? dad they have a rough life . you father be a bouncer . you mother be , well , a two - bit stripper . there be no place for a baby . ted I guess . dad they do do one great thing . they give we we boy . ted yeah . dad be a sport . how bad could spring break in Los Angeles be ? ted I guess we could go to disneyland or something . dad think of it as a rite of passage to manhood . ted like one of that " National geographic " special with the topless chick ? dad whatever help you cope . ted I guess it 's better than have tribal pattern carve in my face . dad there ya go . always remember , focus on the peach ... ted ... not the pit . Ted 's dad hug he briefly , laugh ... dad always one step ahead of you dear old dad . ext . lax - day a 747 land scream on the runway . int . lax - day Ted and Charlie exit the plane . they walk tentatively through the sleeve towards the entry gate . charlie I wonder if this be what it feel like to be bear ? Ted give he a look . charlie ( cont 'd ) think about it ... Long tunnel , bright light , it 's full of vaginal symbolism . ted poor Freud , turn in he grave . charlie seriously , it 's like we be be reborn . we really could reinvent ourselves here , just like you say . nobody know about you massive humiliation . ted nobody know about you mental retardation . charlie nobody know you barf during junior high school graduation . ted nobody know about you constant masturbation . charlie and nobody know you be a virgin ! ( after a beat ) aw , who be we kid ... Charlie 's word echo loudly through the sleeve ... charlie ( cont 'd ) ... everybody know you 're a virgin ! people stare at Ted as they pass . ted I think I will reinvent a new best friend . int . lax - terminal - day Ted and Charlie enter the terminal . Friends and family wait for love one . a few chauffeur hold sign with name . one stand out . tall. blonde. gorgeous . in a short skirt . a match low cut jacket . and a cap . she 's stun . and she 's hold a sign that read : ted nelson . charlie what be the odd of there be another Ted Nelson on we flight ? ted astronomical . they grin at one another . then approach the chauffeur . ted ( cont 'd ) hi , I be Ted Nelson . with a sad look , the chauffeur hug he , kissing one cheek , then the other . chauffeur I be so terribly sorry for you loss . you father be a great man . Ted 's stunne . Charlie lean in and whisper . charlie who the hell be you father ? ted well , dad say ... int . stretch limo - day Ted and Charlie sit on opposite end of the plush interior . Charlie eye the control console with its slew of gadget . they practically have to shout to hear one another . charlie ... a bouncer ? be you serious ? ted maybe he get promote . Charlie continue play with the console switch . ted ( cont 'd ) do not. touch . anything . too late . rock music pulsate through the limo . charlie ( shouting ) this be the life , baby . we get ourselves some tail and we be talk spring break ! ted cut it out , before you break something ! charlie for a guy about to try he first dom perignon , you be extremely uptight . he flip another switch . the bar open . revealing a bottle of dom perignon on ice . Charlie grin broadly . ted we can not afford that ! Charlie grab the bottle and start to open it . charlie do not you know anything about limo etiquette ? everything in here be include for we pleasure . ted wait a second , I think we be hamburger guy . charlie and like every hamburger guy know , when you get you one big chance at the good life , you abuse every second of it until they figure out you do not belong there and kick you sorry ass out . pop ! the cork fly through the air . bounce off the ceiling . and hit another switch . the sun roof glide open . Champagne overflow from the bottle . all over Charlie 's crotch . ted Nice . be that in the limo etiquette handbook , too ? Charlie grab a bar towel as Ted look toward the sun roof . beautifully blue Southern California sky greet he . with a occasional palm tree swoosh by . Ted rise . ext . limo - day - moving Ted 's head peek out of the sun roof . tentatively . unsure . he take in the sight as the limo cruise sunset boulevard . people stare at he . a beautiful blonde smile and wave . he wave back , very timidly . Charlie stick he head out , too . Sun on they face . wind in they hair . charlie this be how the other half life , bro . enjoy it while you can . ext . entry gate - day the limo pass through the ornate gate of what could only be a sprawling mansion . it come to a sudden halt . the door swing open to reveal a group of beautiful young women . clad in very short black dress and even some black bikinis . sad expression on they face . ext . limo - day the mourner embrace Ted . beautiful mourner # 1 welcome , Mr. Nelson . you be so very very welcome here . beautiful mourner # 2 we feel you pain , so deeply . charlie ( to Ted ) something tell I we be not in xenia anymore , toto . ext . " heaven " mansion - day the beautiful young woman guide Ted towards the mansion . Charlie follow . a particularly voluptuous beauty eye he curiously . charlie I be Charles . the handsome , devote best friend . we be so close , we feel each other 's pain . the voluptuous beauty notice Charlie 's soak crotch . he wink ... charlie ( cont 'd ) see what you do to I , baby . just then , the spry helen mcdole , 60 , emerge from the mansion . she approach Ted and hug he . helen oh my , he would have be so proud . you be the spitting image of he . charlie he never spit , mar 'am . ever . he can not even get a good hocker go . I have try to teach he . it come from the diaphragm . ted ( sharply ; to Charlie ) you be on the next plane home . helen ( emotional embrace ) I be helen mcdole . you father 's executive secretary . int . " heaven " mansion - conference room - day Ted take a seat at the spacious conference table . helen sit on he right . Charlie sit on he leave . Zukerman and two other impatient attorney wait at the head of the table . finally Zukerman check he watch and rise . zukerman we be run out of time . the kid 's here . we do not need he . helen perhaps we could be patient for just a moment or two longer ? they all watch a wall clock . second pass , slowly , slowly . then suddenly Zukerman rise . zukerman what do the doctor say to the nurse as they watch something black and white and red in a blender ? ( a wry smile ) no more patient . very dramatically , Zukerman slide a copy of " Heaven " magazine down the conference table . right to Ted . zukerman ( cont 'd ) be you familiar with " Heaven ? " ted I be seventeen . I know it like the back of my hand . zukerman you fathere own the entire " Heaven " empire . you own it now . any question ? Ted 's stunne , speechless . Charlie gawk . charlie everything ? the publishing division , the real estate holding , the retail outlet , the theme park ? zukerman as far as the eye can see . Zukerman press a remote control . a wall panel slide open to reveal a large monitor which spring to life . on the screen be a strike couple . ted' biological parent . heather and tom deed . Heather , stunningly sexy and overflow from she gold sequine halter top . Tom , very handsome in a Vegas showman sort of way . heather oh , sweetheart ! we wish we could be right there to hug the live daylight out of you ! tom but if you be watch this , then it mean we bit the dust . heather but do not worry ... we will be in heaven . the real heaven , I mean . not that heaven be a actual place , but more like a state of be . or not be . who know . maybe we know now . tom if you be anything like yours truly , then you probably figure we do not want you when you be bear , so who care if we be dead ? be I right ? Ted look guilty . this be too weird . heather but we do want you . it 's just that you do not always get to keep what you want . we know you need a real mom and dad . tom we have no idea the nudie magazine we start in the garage would turn into all this . Heather hold up the first issue of " Heaven . " she 's on the cover , wear nothing but a halo . she look almost exactly the same today , with a few extra nip and tuck . heather can you believe that be I ? tom before we know it , we create the most popular man 's magazine in the entire nation . the rest be history . heather so here we be . Dead . but we never want you to want for anything . that be , we want you to have everything . tom everything . Heather lean forward and blow a kiss into the camera . her strongest asset spilling forward . heather we love you , Ted . we always do . we always will . Charlie 's practically slobbering . he elbow Ted . charlie I can not believe that 's you mother . we be talk babe -a-licious chub fest , right here in the 501' . ted perv . at that moment , the door burst open . william G. deed ( uncle billy ) sail into the room . handsome in a unconventional way , he exude passion and eccentricity . uncle billy I be so terribly sorry . be I too late ? zukerman ah , Mr. deed . you be just in time to congratulate you nephew . he inherite the empire . uncle billy ( a broad smile ) every morsel of it ? zukerman it would appear so . uncle billy hug Ted with great enthusiasm . uncle billy smash ! welcome to the family , Ted . you be go to breathe some new life into this place . you be go to set the world on fire ! you be go to ... call I uncle billy ? please ? ted ( awkwardly ) uh , sure . uncle billy . uncle billy I have only one concern ... Ted wait . swept up by uncle billy 's spirit . uncle billy ( cont 'd ) you do like girl , do not you ? ted of course I like girl . uncle billy a lot ? I mean , a whole lot ? ted as much as possible . uncle billy you be sure ? charlie ( to the rescue ) he like they with the unbridle enthusiasm of a seventeen - year- old virgin who 's be make mental beef jerky since he see the bevy of tender young skirt steak at he new hacienda . uncle billy grin broadly . uncle billy that 's my boy ! int . " heaven " mansion - live room - day uncle billy lead Ted and Charlie through the cavernous room . sexy , semi-clad oil painting of Ted 's biological mother adorn the wall . uncle billy the party be hold in here when the weather dip below seventy . which be seldom . ted seldom ? no kid ? charlie you say party but you mean orgies , right ? ( to Ted ; quietly ) stick with I . I know they code . uncle billy wink at Ted . uncle billy the orgy , exactly . take a deep breath . you can smell it . pure sexuality , ooze from the wall . Charlie take a deep breath . uncle billy and Ted share a conspiratorial smirk . int . " heaven " mansion - game room - day the epitome of every boy 's dream arcade . everything from classic pinball machine to the most high tech virtual reality game that have yet to hit the market . Charlie shake he head in amazement . charlie nake girl , wild sex , video game . no wonder it 's call " Heaven . " uncle billy this be a fun place ... but we do not usually come here until after the orgy . ted ( play along ) ah , in other word , this be the apres-orgy salon ? uncle billy indeed it be . during the day , visitor prefer to be outside , au naturel . as it be . Charlie continue to gawk . Ted 's equally impressed but hold it together . int . " heaven " mansion - swimming room - day uncle billy lead Ted and Charlie by the indoor pool which be decorate like a tropical pond , complete with exotic vegetation , lava rock , and a waterfall . they pass through a cave- like entrance and find themselves ... ext . " heaven " mansion - swimming pool - day ... come out by another spectacular waterfall . which separate the indoor and outdoor pool . numerous beautiful women swim , chat , play water polo . some topless , some might as well be . the boy watch in awe as one woman rub lotion on another woman 's back . uncle billy hello , girl ! have you meet Ted ? the woman wave , ad-lib warm greeting . Charlie lean towards Ted , confide ... charlie this be like my every wet dream come true . I do not even care that you be here , too , bro . ted be cool . Fake it if you have to . uncle billy good advice , Ted . you have you father 's instinct . " his father . " the word sound so strange . he never even meet the guy . uncle billy ( cont 'd ) just remember , you be not the man you be a day ago . and this girl , let 's just say they would be eager to please you . Ted gulp . it 's hard to believe this be real . charlie I wonder how many of they will be at the orgy tonight ? ted this be not some 80' porno film , you dip shit . there be no wild sex orgy . charlie oh. well . maybe not yet . ted not ever . never . uncle billy never say never . charlie oh , god . look. look . Ted look . a beautiful woman sensuously rub tanning lotion over she own breast . the boy stare , rivete . charlie ( cont 'd ) I really love you peach , wanna shake you tree . uncle billy grin . uncle billy maybe she need help , Ted . you should be a gentleman . ted ( voice crack ) I ...uh ... I think she 's do fine on she own . charlie ( have a moment ) oh baby , yes , yes , yes . fuck I like you mean it . Ted elbow Charlie out of he fantasy . ted you kiss you mother with that mouth ? charlie I would kiss you mother with this mouth . I mean , if she be not , you know ... he mean dead . ted so far away ? in xenia ? charlie yeah , whatever . int . the nelson home - master bedroom - night Mom wait nervously for the phone to ring . mom teddy ? be that you ? dad hurry out of the bathroom , hike up he pajamas . Mom speak loudly , as if Ted 's in siberia . mom ( cont 'd ) how be you , baby ? be you all right ? intercut with : int . ted' bedroom - " heaven " mansion - night a palatial suite . very Louis xiv . Ted throw a sheet over a nude sculpture of he biological mother . while hold a cordless phone in the crook of he neck . ted I be all right , Mom . I be not in siberia , you know . mom do you have a nice flight ? be they take good care of you ? ted yeah , I be do fine . I have so much to tell you . I do not even know where to begin . mom save it , honey . we want to hear every detail when you get back , but we do not want you to run up Mr. Zukerman 's phone bill . ted it 's okay , Mom . trust I . Mom hand dad the phone . dad Ted , it 's you dad . I have a question for you . I do not know how to put it tactfully . you know I be lousy with word . ted just say it , dad . dad I know they be simple people , but do this trip help you college fund at all ? ted dad , let 's just say I can buy anything I want in the whole bookstore . include the bookstore . dad ( not get it ) well , good . every little bit help . suddenly , Charlie burst into the room with a pair of binocular . charlie check this out . hurry ! ted I better go , dad . dad we will see you soon . have fun in ... ( try to be hip ) ... the land of fruit and nut . int . ted' bedroom - " heaven " mansion - night Charlie flip off the light switch and whisper ... charlie hurry . ted ( to Charlie ) what be it now ? charlie check it out ! Charlie shove the binocular at Ted and guide he toward the window which overlook the outdoor pool . ted do not tell I . another vision of incomparable beauty ? charlie beauty ? no . we be talk goddess . ted' Pov through binoculars a devastatingly perfect woman , ginger , " miss April , " emerge from the pool , wear nothing but a g-string . her skin shimmer from the reflection of the pool light . rivulets of water stream down she body . she reach for a towel and pat she body dry . a incredible aura seem to surround she . separate she from the other spectacular beauty we have see already . Ted lower the binocular . entrance . ted I get it now . you and I . we be dead . charlie Dead ? ted we plane crash . in the Grand Canyon . a big fiery explosion . we never make it to l.a . they need dental record to identify we . and this place . this. actually . is. Heaven . charlie then there must be a whole room , make completely of chocolate . ted and some really fast car . int . " heaven " mansion - upstair corridor - night Ted and Charlie move like thief in the night . charlie do not be such a pansy . all of this be yours . ted it 's a lot to digest . imagine how you would feel . charlie I would feel like stay up all night ! forever ! or at least till I get the lay of the land , so to speak . int . " heaven " mansion - master bedroom - night Ted and Charlie enter . flip the light switch . it be he parent ' very opulent bedroom . complete with more risqué painting of Ted 's biological mother . ted I feel like I be enter a forbidden tomb ... charlie ... where they get all the really good porno channel on cable . Charlie pull open a dresser drawer fill with Ted 's mother 's lingerie . charlie ( cont 'd ) cha-ch . jackpot . Charlie caress a pair of red silk panty and inhale they powdery fragrance . ted oh , how inappropriate be that ! charlie take a whiff of heaven . ted how would you like it if I do that to you mother 's panty ? charlie I would call you a sick , twisted fuck . but this be different . she be not you mother mother -- ted give I that ! Ted grab the panty just as Charlie pull away , rip they in half . just then the door open to reveal a very proper english butler . butler I do apologize , sir . I hear a noise . Ted and Charlie awkwardly hide the panty halve behind they back . ted we be just -- butler -- I completely understand , sir . I will leave you to you business . good night . the butler leave . Ted glare at Charlie . who shrug . charlie a couple of boy fight over a pair of red silk panty be nothing compare to what he 's see . ted ( sarcastic ) yeah , he 's probably be serve cocktail , so to speak , at the orgy . int . " heaven " mansion - garage - the next morning the garage be crowded with two dozen sporty classic . Ted run he hand over the hood of a red Ferrari 575m maranello . he pull the door open and slide into the leather seat . ginger ( o.s. ) wanna take I for a ride ? Ted turn around and spot Ginger , the goddess from the pool , make she way towards he . he gulp . ted I - I do not have the key . ginger they be in the ignition , silly . Ted glance down . there they be . she hop in next to he . he do not know what to do . ginger ( cont 'd ) you do know how to drive ? ted I do not have much experience with a...uh... stick . ginger want a lesson ? Ted blushes . he need a lot of lesson . ginger ( cont 'd ) Press you leave foot on the clutch . and turn the key . the Ferrari growl to life . Ginger place she hand over Ted 's . ginger ( cont 'd ) now release the brake . and slide the stick into first gear . ted get it . Ginger move she slender finger on he knee . show he how it 's do . ginger now very carefully apply some pressure to the gas pedal with you right foot as you release the clutch with you leave . she squeeze he thigh and wink . ext . " heaven " mansion - garage - day the Ferrari jerk out of the garage and promptly stall . Ginger giggle . could Ted be more embarrassed ? ginger the first time can be awkward . you just have to get on and try again . ted I do not even know if I should be do this . it 's a very expensive car . ginger it 's you car . this be all you car . ted some of they have to be automatics . ginger you father like shifting . he say it bring he closer to the engine . " like a woman , purring with ecstasy . " Ted feel he temperature rise . he change the subject . ted I be Ted , by the way . I think I forget to say that . ginger I know . I be Ginger . miss April . ted the one with the horse . ginger that 's I . ted I almost do not recognize you without ... you know ... that stallion between ... you ...uh... leg . Ginger blushes . ted ( cont 'd ) that sound so much better in my head . Ginger giggle . Ted try to hide behind he less than cool shade . Ginger notice . ginger hey , Ted . wanna go shopping ? ted Shopping , really ? I should tell my friend . ginger do not worry . he find the chocolate room . ted ( big grin ) hi ho , Silver . he put the car in gear . the tire scream as they take off . gear grind as he shift . not exactly purring with ecstasy . yet . ext . beverly hill - day the Ferrari negotiate its way along rodeo drive . Ted seem to have get the hang of it . tourist stare . one snap a photo . Ted pull up to ... and then over ... the curb . well , he almost have the hang of it . int . clothing store - day Ted emerge from a dress room . slowly start to lose he boy-from - xenia taint . he glance at the price tag , dangle from he sleeve . his eye widen . Ginger stroke he arm . whisper seductively in he ear . ginger you father always say , " money matter only to the man who do not have it . " Ted listen . try to learn . int . a chic eyewear boutique - day Ted try on some snazzy sunglass . Ginger approve . Ted still check the price tag . ted sorry , habit . Ginger look into he eye . as if she can see he soul . ginger who exactly be you ? ted ( uncomfortable ) what do you mean ? I be Ted Nelson . ginger and who be Ted Nelson ? Ted 's not sure how to respond . he smile awkwardly . ginger ( cont 'd ) be he a small town boy , destine to live a ordinary life with a ordinary wife and a tiny house with a boring old white picket fence ? the hamburger life . now he can defy it . ginger ( cont 'd ) or do you have a taste for the good life , Ted ? it 's in you blood . ted I always know there be more . I feel it . ginger then remember , you be the heir to a billion dollar empire . you have a staff of literally thousand . multiply everything you ever imagine by a million and you still can not even wrap you head around everything that be yours . all yours . Ted slide on the shade . slowly , purposefully . he grin at the sale clerk ... ted I will take the whole case . int . " heaven " headquarters - day Ted , Charlie , helen , and uncle billy walk past graphic designer in cubicle as helen lead a tour of the " Heaven " magazine office . as they pass each cubicle , head pop up to check they out . " heaven " war room polaroid of naked women cover every square inch of wall space . Ted and Charlie gawk . who can blame they ? uncle billy every one of this woman think she should be the next angel of the month . it 's you job , Ted , to decide which of they be right . charlie let I get this straight ... uncle billy if it be not straight by now , son , you probably should see a doctor . charlie this be real , live woman ? uncle billy ( winking at Ted ) we do not generally feature blow - up doll in we magazine . but hey , if you think there 's a market for it . charlie God , I love be dead . Ted focus on one particular picture . he remove the push pin that hold it to the wall . ted I like she . we can see the concerned look on helen 's face . do this kid have any taste at all ? helen ( relieved ) Nice choice . there 's only one problem . she show uncle billy . uncle billy you think she upgrade ? helen they go in through the belly button . uncle billy nod . he explain gently ... uncle billy we do not allow tipn , Ted . ted tipping ? helen tipn . tattoos , implant , piercing , nose job . we angel must be pure , unadultered , completely natural . Ted look at the wall again . carefully . he have a knack for this . he hand a picture to helen . she turn to uncle billy and smile . helen ( cont 'd ) ( emotional ) you have you father 's eye . his father . he just can not get use to that . who be this guy ? int . master bedroom closet - " heaven " mansion - night Ted look at the impressive collection of suit . run he hand along the fabric . pick a particularly stylish jacket and try it on . it fit poorly . too big in the chest and shoulder . Ted look at himself in the full - length mirror . he 's not half the man he father be . suddenly there 's a knock on the door . Ted quickly take off he father 's jacket and put on he own . he let uncle billy in . loud party sound momentarily pour into the room . uncle billy there you be , Ted -baby . everything all right ? ted yeah . everything 's cool . Ted 's struggle with a silk tie . uncle billy help he . uncle billy you ready for you big come out party ? everybody 's die to meet you . ted just a couple of finish touch . my parent always say you never get a second chance to make a good first impression . uncle billy ( puzzle ) they say that ? really ? ( realize ) oh , you parent . the nelson's . right , right . how midwest . I like that . Ted wipe he palm on he slack . confide ... ted Truth be , I be a little nervous . uncle billy you ? nervous ? why on earth should you be nervous ? ted all that people out there . it 's a lot of pressure . uncle billy huh ! you laugh in the face of pressure ! ted I do ? uncle billy you be a multi-media magnate . the tycoon of tit . the Baron of bottom . Ted chuckle . uncle billy 's calming he ... uncle billy cont 'd ) you be the Emperor of every little girl who dream of grow up to see she naughty bit spread eagle , airbrush to glossy perfection , with staple through she ass . uncle billy rub he shoulder . as if pep-talk he for a big fight . uncle billy you be the sultan of semen . the monarch of masturbation . the merchant Prince of lust . you. ted. be the King of coitus . ted me? the King of coitus ? uncle billy the Supreme sovereign of sexuality . ted whoa . but ... that 's the thing ... ( he whisper ) I have never even actually ... uncle billy ( interrupt ) why , look who 's here . uncle billy swing the door open to reveal . kiki and kelly . tall , beautiful , leggy identical twins . they smile warmly at Ted , each offer a arm . Ted hold he head high . like the sovereign of sexuality . long dramatic staircase with the twin on either side of he , Ted strut down the stair and into a sea of people . all so eager to meet he . Ted act as if he 's be do this all he life . ted ( sotto ) the potentate of poon have arrive . and instantly , he 's surround . people shake he hand . woman kiss he cheek . athlete , movie star , model . Charlie watch , beam proudly . dance floor - later Charlie think he 's travolta . dress for disco . twirl a Super model . Ted dance among a dozen beauty . they steal kiss and hug , here and there . a thousand cinderellas , all after one Prince charm . Ted 's have the time of he life . Charlie dance up to he . shout in he ear ... charlie ai not life amazing ? a week ago , you could not get to second base ! now you own second base ! they high - five one another . a exotic beauty grab Ted and start dirty dance . rubbing herself against he . Ted 's clueless . so he improvise . people cheer he on . he thrust he pelvis . feign various sex act . hilarious , goofy , but it work . ext . jacuzzi - night the party 's over . Ted relax in the jacuzzi , sip champagne . thrill , elate , blast . uncle billy sit across from he . two masseuse tenderize they shoulder . but as the scene continue the woman take a even great interest in each other . stealing a kiss here . a touch there . Ted attention be distract as he chat with uncle billy . uncle billy I tell you you could do it . ted I be like a different person tonight . uncle billy you be the new and improve you . ted I would have be laugh right out of xenia . uncle billy no one will be laugh at you now , Ted . you can take that to the bank . ted it 's really go to be strange go home in a couple of day . uncle billy you be home . but go ahead , finish school , do what you feel you need to do . in the meantime , I will be you point person here on the magazine . ted really ? you would do that for I ? uncle billy I have be very lazy for a long , long time . ted you seem like you be anything but lazy , uncle billy . uncle billy ( confide ) I never finish school myself . never have to . my brother build this empire from nothing but he wife 's perky tit and a whole lot of gumption . he give I a cushy job on a silver platter . I never struggle for a second . ted my parent always say hard work build character . uncle billy it 's not like I do not have idea , I have plenty of idea . but I never even share they with you father . never have the gut . ted what kind of idea ? uncle billy well ... for one thing ... I think it 's despicable that we exclude so many woman that only fit we western notion of " classic beauty . " ted you think we should be more open minded ? uncle billy the world be a big , beautiful place . we can open new market in Africa and Asia . imagine the dali lhama read we magazine . ted in other word , we scope be too narrow . uncle billy at we press conference tomorrow , I think we should announce we plan to explore the world . not just a few leggy 36d 's , with blond hair upstairs and down . ted that 's perfect . the masseuse help uncle billy out of the jacuzzi . they say they goodnight and Ted close he eye . when he open they , Ginger stand at the edge of the tub . ginger want some company ? Ted can barely nod . she unzip the back of she dress and let it fall to she foot . the silhouette of she nude body be startlingly gorgeous in the moonlight . Ted watch as she descend , step by step , into the frothy water . Ted 's paralyze with desire and fear . Ginger descend deeper . a wash of foam caress she breast . she continue . until she 's completely submerge . Ted look startle . the " jaw " theme echoe through he ear . he start to rise . concerned . when suddenly , he feel something . whoa ! his swim trunk land next to he . he start to rise out of the jacuzzi , when suddenly he 's suck under . he thrashes . his hand grab the edge of the jacuzzi . but he finger give out . and he slide under . only to rise out of the water with Ginger . attach to he lip . kiss he passionately . dissolve to : int . " heaven " mansion - ted' bedroom - morning Ted and Ginger in bed . Morning ray , satin sheet , what a night . Ted awaken . he stare at Ginger in awe , remember what happen . smile big . Ted slide out of bed . catch he reflection in the mirror . take a good look at himself . ted ( pose ; cool ) who 's you daddy ? int . HOTEL ballroom - day Press Conference . light , camera , reporter , bedlam . uncle billy , helen , and Ted sit at a makeshift dais . uncle billy ... my brilliant , extraordinary nephew , Ted Nelson , have bring enough fresh blood to this company to make all of transylvania happy for the next fifty or sixty year . I will give he the mike now and you will see what I mean . this apple do not fall far from the tree . Ted prepare to speak . a little nervous from the spotlight , but hell , he 's a man now . uncle billy give he a reassure look . uncle billy ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) do not forget to tell they all you qualification . ted I be Ted Nelson . I guess you already know that part . ( proud of himself ) for two year I have be the editor of the high school paper in xenia , Ohio . I have win some award , make a difference . I have always have journalism in my soul . now I know why . he glance at uncle billy , who urge he to tell more . ted ( cont 'd ) they tell I I have get my father 's taste in woman and car . ( winking ) the faster , the better . chuckle from the crowd . uncle billy give he a " thumb 's up " sign . ted ( cont 'd ) and I be really look forward to the challenge of bring " Heaven " magazine into the 21st century . int . christy malone' bathroom - same in the middle of waxing she bikini line , christy jump up and down excitedly . christy he ask I to the prom ! I ! we be practically engage ! int . julie conroy' bedroom - same Julie watch tv. stun . julie he reinvent himself into a dick . int . principal merkin be den - same principal merkin watch tv. simmer . principal merkin you do not even have you high school diploma yet , Mr. Nelson . I be still the boss of you . int . nelson family room - same Ted 's parent and little Jimmy stare in amazement at they old - fashioned console rca . a geeky high school picture of Ted appear on screen , as a reporter babbles ... babbling reporter ( on tv ) the big question now remain : will success spoil Ted Nelson , the straight - a journalism student from xenia , Ohio , whose life be transformed overnight when he find out he be rich , powerful , and certainly the most eligible bachelor in the entire nation ? mom ( shocked ) we teddy inherite " Heaven ? " dad he say he be set for book money . Jimmy turn to he parent . jimmy Mom , dad . forget about roller blade for my birthday . I would prefer a DNA test . can you prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that I be not , for example , a guccione ? the door bell chime . Mom and dad look at each other . this can not be good . entry way dad open the front door to reveal a delivery man , hold a flashy new bike . deliveryman Delivery for Jimmy Nelson . ext . nelson house - day Jimmy squeeze past dad and jump on the bike as Mom appear in the doorway . mom my goodness , who send this ? delivery man it 's from " Heaven , " mar 'am . dad Ted . of course . jimmy ( riding around ) I love you , Ted ! mom we can not accept it . it 's much too expensive . right , dear ? dad of course , dumpling . its very nice of Ted but ... at that moment , another delivery man and he helper unload a large crate from another truck . they approach dad and Mom . delivery man # 2 Delivery for Robert Nelson . dad for I ? what be it ? delivery man # 2 appear to be tool , sir . mom oh , no . Ted 's go completely overboard . dad approach the crate as the Delivery man open it to reveal a large scarlet and gray case of tool . dad open one of the drawer . run he finger over the shiny instrument . tear in he eye . mom ( cont 'd ) sweetheart , what be it ? dad I always want craftsman tool . he even get I the limited edition Buckeye color . mom oh , honey . we can not accept this extravagance . another delivery truck arrive . then the local news van . neighbor rush out of they house . the phone ring . Mom dash inside . int . the nelson house - kitchen - day Mom grab the phone . mom teddy ? be that you ? intercut with : int . " heaven " mansion - ted' room - day Ted wear a cordless headset phone , as if he be bear with it . as he talk , he flexe he muscle in front of a full length mirror . ted well ? surprise ? mom what be all this ? when be you come home ? ted just a few token of my affection . I will be back soon , do not worry . mom everything be lovely , Ted , but much too expensive . ted mom. believe I . I could buy all that and the factory they come from . Mom look up as another delivery man wheel a wash machine and dryer into the house . delivery man # 3 where do you want they , lady ? Mom 's eye light up . mom oh , good lord . be that neptune ? ted only the best for my mother . mom ( soften ) you promise you will finish school ? ted I will make you very proud . ext . tecumseh high school - morning a beautiful spring morning . Cars pull into the school parking lot . student mingle in small group . make they way into the building . a group of guy look up . suddenly , a helicopter swooshes through the air , circle the school as if to get everyone 's attention , then landing on a grassy knoll . the helicopter be paint heavenly blue with a pattern of white billowy cloud . the door slide open and out hop Ted . in slow -mo . look seriously cool from the tip of he silver to boot to he stylish persol shade . until he take a second step and stumble slightly , catch himself from fall face first into the grass . Charlie be right behind he . look great , too , but vaguely mafioso in he effort to be hip . he turn to the beautiful blonde pilot and plant a big wet kiss for everyone to see . Ted and Charlie strut towards the school as principal merkin burst through the front door , shouting ... principal merkin you cannot land a helicopter in my school yard ! get that blast thing out of here ! Ted raise he hand . the chopper rise as if on cue . without a word , Ted and Charlie pass the ruffle principal merkin and strut toward the entrance . classmate surround ted. congratulate he . everyone want to be Ted 's new best friend . Julie walk up to Charlie . julie what give , Don corleone ? charlie ( smug ) we reinvent ourselves . julie New hushpuppy do not make a new man . charlie you have obviously never have you dog nestle in thousand dollar italian loafer . julie that explain the emptiness that haunt I . charlie jealousy be so unattractive . Ted make eye contact with Julie . winking like he 's Don Juan . she just stare at he , blankly . julie second only to unfetter arrogance and the inability to see the irony therein . Charlie 's baffle by that one . charlie wanna see my hickey from miss December ? Julie groan . int . principal merkine office - day principal merkin pace dramatically ... principal merkin I like you , Ted . you know that . I like you before you be filthy rich . ted thanks , principal merkin . principal merkin I will be blunt . I know you can take it . ted yes , sir . I will brace myself . principal merkin Ted , you be the best editor this school paper ever have . you do not need to be pander flesh . it 's nonsense . it 's beneath you . ted you think I ought to just tell they thanks but no thanks ? I do not want you silly billion dollar empire ? principal merkin that 's a good start , yes . a very good start . ted be you kid ? this magazine be my dream . it 's every red-blooded , heterosexual male 's dream . principal merkin I never figure you for a pimp . ted have you ever even look at " Heaven ? " principal merkin what kind of sick question be that ? I will be watch you , young man . you money and power mean nothing here . nothing . ted I guess you will not be want that rolex I send you , then ? principal merkin open he desk drawer sheepishly . caress the watch . it kill he to return it . principal merkin no . no , I will not . thank you . for remind I . int . newsroom - day flurry of activity . Ted on he cell phone . Julie type furiously . take she job very seriously . christy malone prop one leg against the wall . demonstrate that contortionist warm - up move that drive Ted mad with desire . christy great jacket , teddy bear . ted ( hang up phone ) yeah ? you like ? christy make you shoulder look so big and broad . julie a few billion buck and suddenly he 's cro-magnon man of the Year . ted it 's so nice to have friend like you , christy . christy pout . wish she never say the " F " word . Julie snicker . Ted take Julie 's arm and guide she to a private spot in the corner . julie what be it , William randolph ? you ball need scratch ? ted you article suck . julie in what sense ? ted in the sense that there be no " hide agenda " behind a bake sale that raise five hundred dollar for see eye dog . julie ah ha ! it be so well hide , you do not even know it be there . ted come on , Julie . do not screw up . you have some real talent . julie just because someone die and make you king of the publishing world do not mean you be even one ounce smarter than you be a week ago . ted I be try to help . julie I be still better than you . nothing change except the decimal point in you savings account . ted that 's not entirely true . Julie snap she finger , as if try to remember ... julie oh , right . you be probably not a virgin anymore . but as far as be a hack , that much be status quo . Ted fume . she really know how to push he button . ted what do you want from I ? I be try to be fair . but I can not keep you on staff if you turn every pta meeting into a agent Orange cover up . julie then I will write about you . ted I ? julie " local boy inherit more money than god . " call I crazy , but I smell human interest . ted ( loving this ) really ? you wanna write about I ? int . nelson dine room - day a world class chef and he sous chef serve the Nelson 's a filet mignon dinner . Mom , dad , Jimmy , Ted , and Julie , sit at the table . set with the finest china . the most elegant linen . a fresh floral arrangement . the best of everything . everyone wait for Mom as she take she first bite . mom goodness ... it 's delicious . I have never taste anything so tender . the rest of they dig in . dad beat the heck out of meatloaf . ( off Mom 's look ) although you meatloaf be second to none , love muffin . Jimmy 's eye widen as he chew . jimmy Mom , dad . my tremble taste bud have just be assaile by the bittersweet knowledge of all they have be miss this past nine year . the chef turn to Julie ... julie no offense , wolfgang puck , but dead flesh be dead flesh . this just happen to be better than most dead flesh on the planet . and finally , the chef wait for Ted ... ted absolutely ... heavenly . the chef wipe a bead of sweat from he brow . approval , at last , from the only opinion that matter . chef why , thank you , sir . thank you . jimmy Ted have bettere we life to the point where I can no longer see myself as " the old Jimmy " I be but a day or two past . you may all call I James . from this moment forward . ted finally , some gratitude . dad we be grateful , Ted . it 's not that . that craftsman tool ... they be a dream come true . mom you dad and I be raise with a certain work ethic , that 's all . Julie listen closely , admire Ted 's parent . dad we can not start live like we be the rockerfellers or something . jimmy Mom , dad . the rockerfellers be pauper compare to my favorite brother , Ted . ted you do not have to work another day in you life . mom but how would we pay we bill ? dad we just barely have enough for you college tuition , son . Ted 's frustration mount . ted do not you get it ? in one day I earn more interest than the store 's entire annual revenue . mom oh. goodness . ted you be free . you can do anything you ever want to do ! mom ( after a beat ) like what ? ted like take that trip to Buckingham Palace . go deep sea fishing in the Gulf of Mexico . now 's you chance . dad but that be we dream , son . we have to make they come true . ted consider I you fairy godfather , except without the fairy part . no more mealy apple and bruise bananas , ever , for the rest of you life . mom but who would run the store ? ted forget the store . think big . dad look at Mom . forget the store . that sting . dad Ted , we put a lot of love in we business . mom we want you and Jimmy to have it someday . something real and honest . dad we love we life just the way they be . disappointed , disgust , Ted look to Julie for support . tear fill she eye . Mom and dad move she . Ted shrug and dig into he food . ext . above the cloud - day a heavenly blue jet with billowy white cloud soar through the sky . int . the " heaven " jet - day Beyond first class ; the ultimate in posh . Charlie sweet - talk a sexy flight attendant . charlie call I Charlie . I be a photographer for " Heaven " magazine . and a very cun linguist . the Flight attendant pull he toward the washroom , quickly . Julie interview Ted , complete with tape recorder . ted I have to admit , I always feel ... different . julie different how ? different like a dwarf at a basketball game ? or different like a lesbian in pump ? ted I do not get the distinction . julie could everybody else tell you be different , or be you the only one who know ? ted I feel limited . I feel confine . I feel like I be suffocating . julie I see . so more like a tight rope walker who secretly want to be a trapeze artist . ted I guess . julie interesting . another flight attendant approach ... flight attendant warm peanut ? ted no thanks . I prefer my penis at room temperature . julie she say peanut , you cretin . ted you never know around here . Julie raise she eyebrow . take note . ted ( cont 'd ) do not write that part . julie be this a gritty exposé or a candy ass press release ? ted write what you want . just try not to make it so obvious that you be crazy about I . julie ( amused ) life must be peachy on Planet Ted . ted funny you should say " peachy . " julie I do my homework . you grandfather be a peach farmer . ted my adoptive grandfather . who know what my biological grandfather do . julie undoubtedly a aristocratic bartender of some sort . Ted love she spunk . and the chemistry between they . ted consider this be you first time on a private jet , on which you be interview the world 's most eligible bachelor , you be extremely cavalier . julie I bet there be lot and lot of mirror on Planet Ted . ted see ? you be impertinent , rude , sarcastic . julie and this be not my first time on a private jet , so quit act like I be Rebecca of sunnybrook farm . ted a little respect would be nice , that 's all . Julie snicker . julie money can not buy respect , Ted . say what you mean . meaning what you say . be a honorable person . that 's how you earn respect . int . GREEN room - day Ted wait for he appearance on " the tonight show . " Ginger smooth out the imaginary crease in Ted 's armani jacket . ginger great jacket , teddy . it make you shoulder look so big and broad . Julie roll she eye . here we go again . uncle billy and helen look on approvingly . uncle billy you do look smash . helen positively dash . charlie sharp as a mashed potato sandwich . Ted fake -guffaw . Charlie be quickly distract by the relish tray . charlie ( cont 'd ) oh wow , look ... they have even get baby gherkin ! ginger I have a idea ! I will be right back ! and she dash out the door . Ted lean towards Julie , who quietly observe everything . ted well ? what do you think of she ? julie you be so twitterpate you do not even see the miner 's hat and the pickax . ted you be imply she 's , what , a gold digger ? Julie shrug . be not it obvious ? ted ( cont 'd ) Charlie 's right . jealousy be so unattractive . julie second only to unbridle , narcissistic conceit . ted ( whining ) why can not you be nice to I ? julie you have get enough people kissing you ass . Ginger return with a rise . ginger here you go , cutie patootie . Rich guy always wear flower . Julie give Ted a look . see what I mean . int . the tonight show set - day jay leno seem charme . Ted behave as if he do this every day . the rise from Ginger be pin to he lapel . jay how be the hometown folk treat you , back in xenia ? ted well , jay . they have be exceptionally supportive . jay be they hit you up for donation ? ask you to sponsor the local quilting bee ? audience laugh . ted I be no stranger to the notion of philanthropy . Andrew Carnegie have long be one of my idol . jay what about the future ? you plan to rock the boat at all ? stir thing up in " Heaven ? " Ted 's so smooth . we know it 's still he under all that armani , but it sure do make he look different . ted matter of fact , jay , my uncle and I be plan to rethink the magazine . to expand the traditional western notion of " beauty . " jay I see , so you would be open to little lady from pasadena , who want to show you they knicker ? ted matter of fact , jay , I be plan a pictorial focus on the woman of my hometown , " the Girls of xenia . " just to show my appreciation . off in the wing Julie look thoroughly disgust . julie the Girls of xenia ? Jesus . back to stage jay now you be talk . what do Andrew Carnegie ever do ? open a couple of library ? bor-ing . int . principal merkine kitchen - morning a cocker spaniel , poochie , sit under a breakfast table , hold a newspaper in he snout . principal merkin ( o.s. ) poochie ? where 's my poochie ? where be she ? mrs . merkin , dress in a bathrobe and curler , prepare breakfast . they beautiful college - age daughter , judy , eat cereal at the table , while flipping through a glamour magazine . principal merkin enter . ready for work . wife and daughter do not even look up . principal merkin ( cont 'd ) be my poochie in here ? principal merkin pretend to look for the dog in the cupboard . this be obviously a daily ritual . principal merkin ( cont 'd ) be she in here ? no . where on earth could she be ? he look under the table . principal merkin ( cont 'd ) there 's my poochie ! there 's my girl ! the dog leap into he arm . principal merkin grab the paper as poochie start to lick he face . principal merkin ( cont 'd ) poochie love daddy , do not she ? mrs . merkin Breakfast be get cold . principal merkin thank you , dear . mrs . merkin no dog at the table . principal merkin I know , dear . principal merkin place the dog on the ground , take a seat , and bite into a breakfast sausage . he open the paper and be confront by a full page ad . close on newspaper ad " girl of xenia , go straight to heaven ! " detail follow . how , when , where to apply . back to principal merkin who choke on he sausage . clutch he throat . signale to he wife and daughter . " help I ! " Judy look up , gross out . Mrs. merkin attempt the heimlich maneuver . Rather ineptly . principal merkin turn red , blue , purple . finally the piece of sausage fly out of he mouth , past Judy . poochie catch it in mid-flight . principal merkin ( weakly ) thatta girl . int . principal merkine honda civic - moving - day principal merkin drive to work , hum along to liza minelli 's " New York , New York . " the song come to a end and a radio spot begin ... radio spot ( v.o. ) how many time have people tell you , " jeeper , you look swell naked ! " well now 's you chance to go straight to " Heaven ! " principal merkin try to change the station . but the ad seem to be on every station ... radio spot ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) come on down for " the Girls of xenia " pictorial . let 's show the nation we cow be not the only one with great udder . int . tecumseh high school - corridor - day student hover at the bulletin board , read a poster advertising the " Heaven " audition . principal merkin push through the crowd and tear the poster off the board . completely incense . int . CITY council hall - evening hundred of xenia citizen have gather for this meeting . principal merkin stand in front of the five member of the city council who sit at a U -shape table . he hold up " Heaven " magazine . preach with a evangelical passion ... principal merkin this , my friend , this be not " Heaven . " this flesh rag be a one way ticket to hell ! we must voice we outrage ! to remain passive in the eye of the devil be like invite he to a pot luck in you own backyard and ask he to bring the three - bean salad ! his supporter murmur agreement . principal merkin ( cont 'd ) for the sake of this community , and its impressionable young mind , I propose this publication be ban from we city ! his posse of supporter applaud . his opponent groan . Ted slouches nearby . a lawyer next to he . the mayor bang the gavel and the commotion settles . mayor thank you for that long - wind but impassion speech , Mr. merkin . I hope you can cut to the chase , Ted . principal merkin take he seat . Ted rise . play the big shot lawyer . Julie sit in the crowd , take note . ted with all due respect to merk , he do not have to read my magazine . but he have no right to stop other . ( to principal merkin ) ever hear of the first amendment ? principal merkin ( rise ; a outburst ) we cannot afford free speech if it excise the moral fiber of this community ! ted if that be true , this would be one seriously constipate town . most guy in xenia have be look at naked girl in " Heaven " since they be old enough to figure out they dad hide it under the mattress . a bit of a uproar from the crowd . women eye they husband suspiciously . Julie make a point ... julie be not it true , principal merkin , that you only care now because " Heaven " be suddenly too close to home ? principal merkin indeed it be , miss conroy ! I make no bone about it ! " Heaven " have go too far ! mr. needleman , another angry man from principal merkin 's posse , jump on the bandwagon . mr. needleman principal merkin be right ! we can not let " Heaven " violate we own daughter , wife , sister , mother , girlfriend , aunt ... helen motion to Ted . he quickly locate a page in the report she prepare for he . he handle this like a pro ... ted I would not want to name name , Mr. needleman , or cause any undue embarrassment . but many member of this community have be loyal " Heaven " reader for the better part of the last two decade . not to mention certain charter subscriber who have develop a voracious appetite for we video library as well . I do not suppose , " Courtney leave the convent " ring a bell to anyone ? Mr. needleman dissolves into he seat . half the man in the audience seem to evaporate . principal merkin Mr. Nelson , you be beelzebub 's henchman ! you be single - handedly destroy the integrity of we community , and I will not have it ! I will gather signature . I will petition the court . mayor ( sheepishly ) you do what you have to do , Dick . but if there 's a man among we who do not like to steal a look at some pretty titty once in a while , let he cast the first stone . the room be suddenly silent . principal merkin give the Mayor a hard look . merkin 's face contort in slow mo as he proclaim ... principal merkin i. am . that . man . int . CITY build corridor - same time holding a stack of flyer , Charlie chat with Judy , merkin 's college - age daughter . charlie you be like a centerfold wait to happen . and let I assure you , I have some serious pull with the publisher . Judy smile fetchingly . stash Charlie 's " Heaven " flyer in she backpack . her father suddenly appear . principal merkin what the hell be you do ? judy I be a adult . I can do whatever I want . principal merkin my roof , my rule , young lady . he grab she arm while knock the stack of flyer out of Charlie 's hand . as principal merkin drag she away , Judy smile back at Charlie . he wink . charlie send we a picture , sugar . we will get back to you . the stack of flyer float over the railing and onto the ground floor , just as a group of lovely young women enter the building lobby . they excitedly reach for the flyer . ext . downtown build - xenia - day a line of beautiful women - all shape and size - snake around the block and into a doorway . the woman be dress to impress , in very skimpy clothing . Ted pull up in he convertible Ferrari . the woman shout greeting as Ted head for the door . int . build corridor - day we follow Ted as he dash up the stair , along the line of woman , towards a office . ted ( greeting the woman ) hello there ... look great ... very nice . Charlie look frazzle . charlie you be late , bro ! ted sorry . Ginger get a little , you know , enthusiastic . charlie you will never believe who 's in there . ted it better not be my aunt trudy . they enter ... int . ted' office - day a young woman sit with she back to the door . ted sorry to keep you wait ... the woman turn towards Ted , revealing herself to be christy malone . Ted be momentarily stunne . christy hi , teddy bear . ted christy ? you want to be in " Heaven ? " christy I turn eighteen over spring break . I be eligible . Ted do not know what to say . Charlie 's equally stunne . Hell , it seem , have freeze over . ted I feel like I have just be hit by a mack truck . charlie with a refrigerate cargo bed full of sirloin tip . int . ted' bedroom - day highly modify since the last time we see it . a large flat screen hang on the wall . a high tech computer system for video conference dominate the room . Ted speak with uncle billy and helen . uncle billy so far , so good . some of they have real angel potential . ted really ? so I be do ok ? helen we be impressed but not surprised , Ted . you have you father 's impeccable judgment . dad pass the partially open door . overhear . he stop . ted my father must have be amazing . uncle billy he be in a league of he own . suddenly Ted feel he dad 's presence , behind he . dad sorry I -- ted it 's okay . you need I ? dad ( hold a list ) you mom say you have be ignore you chore . Ted take the list . give it a cursory glance . nod to he dad , as if dismiss he . ted no problem , consider it do . ( to uncle billy ) I have this idea of shoot on location . outdoor , you know ? maybe at some famous xenia landmark . you think that would be a problem ? helen we will send you the release form , Ted . we staffer will help in any way they can . uncle billy you be the titan of tushies , the General of jism . do not you forget it , ted-baby . Ted laugh . completely ignore he dad . who back out of the room . unnotice . neglected . hurt . ext . the nelson house - day Mom drive up to the house . she stare , aghast . there be tall , beautiful , angel everywhere . one cut the grass . another pull weed . two other on the roof , clean gutter . still other wash the car ... with Jimmy handle the water hose . drench the woman , more than the car . shriek and giggle all around . neighbor gawk . Ted 's dad guiltily enjoy the view , but quickly rush to he wife . she get out of she car and steady herself on he arm . int . nelson live room - day Ted stand on a ottoman as a tailor fit he for a prom tuxedo . he tower over he parent who try to talk to he . we feel for they . they have lose control of they kid . mom you have to understand . this be a big shock , for all of we . one minute you be we little boy , of whom we could not be more proud . the next minute you be the owner of this whole pornographic empire . dad but that do not make you the boss of everything , son . mom do not you see how you self involvement and lack of humility be affect the whole family ? Ted look down at they , literally . ted I pay off the mortgage ! I order that winnebago you always want ! now you be ashamed of I ? dad you order a winnebago ? Mom give dad a look . stick to the script . do not be sway by present . mom we be not ashamed of you , teddy . we do not approve of the magazine or the model or the so-called " flesh party " you attend . but we can get past all that . dad we miss you . we miss we son . mom we miss we family . ted I promise I would finish high school and that 's what I be do . what more do you want from I ? dad glance at Mom , hesitant . she nod , give he the courage to continue . dad we think you should give up the magazine . sell it . let someone else run it . whatever it take . mom we want you to go to college , find a career you love , marry a nice girl from a nice family , and live happily ever after . Ted laugh . ted that be you dream , not mine . my dream be so far beyond anything you people could even imagine . dad watch you tone , mister . ted why do not you just admit what this be really all about ? I be not you real kid and you can not control I anymore . Mom and dad look stricken . Ted do not know when to stop ... ted ( cont 'd ) no wonder I be so bored . no wonder I hate this one- horse cow town . I come from talented people who take chance and dare to imagine a life without limit ! I be never mean to be raise by ... grocers . Ted storm away , unintentionally crashing into a treasure family photo on the end table . the frame shatter into smithereen . break Mom and dad 's heart . stunned silence hang heavy in the room . int . school gymnasium - night prom night . couple slow dance to a Marilyn Manson clone , sing a rock version of " precious and few . " principal merkin watch on the sideline . surprisingly calm . suspiciously happy . Ted caress Ginger 's bare back as they dance together . his head nestle against she breast . not a care in the world . he spot Charlie on the dance floor . make out with one of he date , the identical taylor triplet , while the other two patiently wait they turn . ginger teddy ? I be think . ted hmmm ? ginger after graduation ... maybe we could go away together ? ted whatever you want . we notice christy malone dance with she football captain date . the perfect male specimen . christy give Ted a disappointed , long gaze . but he 's oblivious . ginger I bet St. Tropez in July would be paradise . for a honeymoon . suddenly a flash blind they . it 's Julie conroy , do she job . follow she subject . ginger ( cont 'd ) ( snap ) you could have warn we . julie oops , sorry . warning : you have get lipstick on you tooth . Julie flash the camera again . capture Ginger 's panicked expression . we notice that Julie look allure in a deep purple strapless gown . not so glamorous as Ginger , but far more appeal and natural . ted wow ... you clean up nice . julie put you eyeball back in you head , William randolph . I be on assignment . a girl have to fit in . Ginger seem testy and jealous . her true color emerge . ginger teddy , I think we be have a moment here . ted of course we be . suddenly the music die . everyone turn to the stage where principal merkin stand proudly . holding a power cord . principal merkin I apologize for interrupt the festivity , but I have some good news . I have be review the rule and regulation set forth by the superintendent of school . and it seem quite clear ... ( read from manual ) " minor may not be accompany to school function by adult unless they be they parent or legal guardian . " a spotlight suddenly find Ted and Charlie 's beautiful date . principal merkin ( cont 'd ) so long , lady . prom 's over . the crowd boo , hiss . ted honestly , merk . it 's like you be never seventeen and the head of a media empire . principal merkin rule be rule . ted come on , it 's we only senior prom . principal merkin deaf ear , Mr. Nelson . I answer to a higher power . Charlie step in like a hostage negotiator . charlie here 's the deal , merk . forget the " rule and regulation " malarkey and we will give you seven minute in heaven with the Taylor triplet . principal merkin out ! now ! Ted realize he high school reputation be at stake . he step up on stage . approach principal merkin . take out he wallet . ted what 's you price , merk ? how much will it cost to make you go bye bye ? the crowd cheer . principal merkin you be crossing the line , Mr. Nelson . ted a statue in front of city hall , dedicated to principal Dick merkin ? principal merkin I be warning you . ted a new pediatric wing at the hospital ? a presidential campaign ? name it . anything . principal merkin tremble from the sheer temptation of it . yet he could never succumb in front of so many witness . he have to maintain he dignity ... principal merkin that 's it ! you be out of here ! from nowhere , a flock of beefy security guard emerge to remove Ted &amp ; co . principal merkin ( cont 'd ) good-bye , Mr. Nelson . have a pleasant evening . the Marilyn Manson clone be rapidly whisk away , and replace by six geezer in powder blue tuxedoe . as Security Guards carry they away ... ginger Ted ! do something ! ted ( restrain ) what do you want I to do ? ginger this be humiliate . we be be eject from a prom ! ted hang in there , I will think of something . as they reach the door ... ginger well ? ted I guess ... I do not know ... I guess we should leave if we be not want . charlie I hear you , bro . we be angus man in a ground round town . ginger this be what I get for play de mother in " romper room . " take I to the airport , Charlie ! charlie why do not you just hitch a ride on the horse you ride in on ? Ginger storm away in a angry huff . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( call after she ) do not forget you broom ! Ted experience a moment of loss . ted I think I love she . charlie chick be like bus . if you miss one , do not sweat it . there 's another come ' round the corner . one of the Taylor triplet bat she lash at Ted . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to Ted ) take you pick . they be identical . Ted grin broadly . he turn and shout to he classmate ... ted everybody , listen up ! this prom suck ! let 's party at my place ! response be mix . some cheer , some be undecided . until the new band start play , " tie a yellow ribbon round the Old oak Tree . " and everyone rush for the exit , follow Ted . int . elevator - night a muzak version of " tie a yellow ribbon round the Old oak Tree , " continue . a pizza delivery guy watch the number rise to the penthouse . suddenly the door open to reveal ... int . HOTEL penthouse - night all four penthouse suite have be rent by Ted . it 's party central . very wild . quickly grow out of control . kid dance , play drink game , spin the bottle , and generally trash the place . the pizza delivery guy wheel a dolly with a huge stack of pizza into the party , only to be attack by the prom-goer like starve beast . grabbing the pizza . devour they hungrily . ted' luxurious HOTEL suite Ted , Charlie , the Taylor triplet and several buddy lounge around , drunkenly watch the home shopping channel on Ted 's big screen tv . a tacky ceramic gnome rotate on the screen . Ted swig dom perignon straight from the bottle . he shout order into he cell phone ... ted Hell yes , all hundred and seventeen of them ! charlie no , leave one . somebody 's grandmother might want one . ted and while you be at it , I will take ten dozen of that puppy with the springy head . charlie I love that springy head puppy ! corridor - moment later Ted look up as the elevator door open . principal merkin have arrive . Ted confront he ... ted you kick we off you turf , merk . do not rain on we parade . principal merkin Mr. Nelson , you disappoint I . first you break we school board rule . then you break the law . ted what law , merk ? have fun ? letting down we hair on prom night ? principal merkin we state have a zero tolerance policy for underage drink . ted you call the cop on we ? principal merkin alcohol do horrible thing to a develop young mind . suddenly the whole xenia police force appear , in full riot gear . the party 's over . everyone run for the stair . Ted give principal merkin a spiteful look and join the mass exodus . ext . holiday inn - night drunken teenager pour out of the building . dash for they car and limo . Ted 's among they . suddenly he 's cut off by a harley that stop right in front of he . it 's Julie . still in she purple strapless prom dress . with a black motorcycle jacket over it . julie need a lift ? Ted jump on , wrapping he arm around she waist . Julie take off . ext . street of xenia - continuous Julie maneuver the nighttime street of xenia , take off down a country road . ted ( v.o. ) where be we go ? julie ( v.o. ) to the best hide place in the world . ext . julie' backyard - night now we understand . Julie 's family come from major buck . the yard be massive . and rest in a sprawling oak tree be the best hide place in the world . int . julie' tree house - night a cozy oasis . book everywhere . a whole series of flashlight hang upside down like lantern . give the tree house a warm glow . ted I can not believe you dad build this for you . julie he do not . he have it build . ted whatever . julie not " whatever . " it 's two different thing . ted he care enough to want you to have it . julie he phone it in . ted I see . julie I doubt it . ted now it make sense , the whole neo bohemian , down with hypocrisy , fight the power crap . you be a poor little rich girl . julie the ozone must be fully deplete on Planet Ted . ted you think my dad would have be like that if I know he ? you think he would have buy I a stadium , instead of teach I how to play ball ? julie you dad teach you everything . ted I mean my father . julie a father be nothing but sperm , Ted . it take a real man to be a dad . ted it 's all so complicated . julie it 's incredibly simple . ted I feel like I be be draw and quarter . like every part of I be be push and pull and tug in a different direction . julie eventually you will let go . ted and then what ? julie then you will see who 's really hold on to you . ted you be amazing . julie I know . ted even when you infuriate I , I still want to kiss you . julie but you never do . ted if we be a team , we could do anything . I mean , anything . Julie 's eye narrow . she should have know . julie cut to the chase , William randolph . you audience be way ahead of you . ted in a word : merk . exposed . julie that 's two word . and I be out of the " expose " business , remember ? I need to graduate . besides , merk 's a boy scout . ted there 's gotta be something . we have to dig deeper . julie you forget , I dislike you at least as much as he . ted he shut down you paper ! you be stick write article about swap meet and raffle and pta brunch ! he 's right , but ... julie a good journalist can take lemon and make lemonade . I be hone my craft . ted then you will not mind cover that watermelon seed spitting contest next week ... Julie groan . int . old folk home - night dress in a old fashioned barber costume , complete with a handle bar mustache , principal merkin sing as part of a barber shop quartet . the senior citizen clap enthusiastically . Ted and Julie peek through a crack in the doorway . disappointment on they face . int . soup kitchen - another night principal merkin pour soup into the bowl of a shabbily dress homeless man . Julie shoot Ted a " I tell you so " look . ext . highway - saturday afternoon principal merkin supervise a crew of kindergarten child , clean up the roadside litter . Julie and Ted watch from ... a bridge above the highway julie see what I mean . he 's squeaky clean . he make Gandhi look like a war monger . Ted steel himself . somehow , they will get he . ext . xenia - water tower - day in the golden light of sunset , molly , a stun " xenia girl , " stand on the stair that curve up around a huge water tower that overlook the city . her loose spring dress billow in the wind . held on by only one button . expose in quick glimpsis that she be not wear a bra . a assistant hold a portable strobe , attach to a reflector . Charlie shoot with he Nikon . motor drive whirling . ted I have a great idea . let 's lose the last button . Molly grin . then unbutton . we hear a round of " ooh " from below . Ted glance down , where ... hundred of binocular , camera , and camcorder be poise on the scene . Men of all age be milling around , gawk , focus they long lense . woman be conspicuously absent . except for the gaggle of hardcore feminist with they placard , denounce " Heaven . " one feminist approach the Mayor . feminist the city tower belong to the city , not to some pornographer . mayor the library also belong to the city . and guess what ? it 's go to have a new Ted Nelson wing with three thousand child 's book . the feminist try to respond , but a helicopter swoops overhead , drown out she word . the helicopter rise to the level of the photo shoot where the door slide open . and just when we think it must have be hire by some hard core fan who want a closer look , we find principal merkin frown as he bark through a bullhorn . principal merkin you should be ashamed , young lady ! you body be a sacred temple ! Molly flash he . principal merkin avert he eye . miss the sight of Molly 's dress be blow off she body by the chopper 's prop wash . the spectator below applaud . they watch in amazement as she dress float down to they . principal merkin ( cont 'd ) Young lady , I will pray for god 's mercy upon you soul . molly do not bother , merk ! I be already go to " Heaven ! " ted ( to Charlie ) get they together . charlie ( eye lighting up ) brilliant ! Molly , give I all you have get . for merk . Molly get the idea . she pose provocatively towards principal merkin , who suddenly realize he 's in a compromise position . principal merkin stop that , stop that this instant ! but Molly pull off she panty and fling they at he . int . ted' luxurious HOTEL suite - desk area - that night uncle billy chortle , he image glow on a large flat screen monitor that hang on the wall . Ted lean back in he chair . ted I never see anybody turn so many shade of red . uncle billy I can not wait to see the picture . ted it be incredible . the light , the crowd , everything . uncle billy grin proudly at Ted . uncle billy such enthusiasm . have I tell you lately how proud I be of you ? ted seriously ? I be do all right ? uncle billy you be take this bull of a empire by the horn , but you be still keep you small town value . you be not let all this " stuff " spoil you . Ted know it 's not true . he look guilty . ted I owe it all to you . without you help I would be lose . uncle billy I wish I know you year ago , when my brother be alive . I wish he never give you up . ted yeah , well , like my grandpa use to say ... you can not change you Christmas past , but you sure can exchange you Christmas present . uncle billy force a laugh . uncle billy why do not you come to town this weekend ? we could play some golf , chase some skirt . Ted smile at the appeal offer . ted I would love to , but I really need to crack the book . final exam be come up and I have be slack . uncle billy you be right . I should work , too . we first issue together be almost ready to print . ted thanks , uncle billy . thanks for everything . uncle billy you be a great kid . do not you forget it . with that , he 's go . the room be completely silent . and Ted be completely alone . until the doorbell chime . ted' luxurious HOTEL suite - entry way - night Ted open the door . it 's Jimmy , with he shiny new bike . ted James , what be you do here ? jimmy you can call I Jimmy again . sheryl Petersen say James sound too pretentious . ted sheryl Petersen be , what , nine year old , what do she know ? jimmy she know exactly where you be stay , which you neglect to tell I , you own brother . ted it 's really late ... do you parent know where you be ? jame Mom and dad think I be tuck safely in bed and that 's all they need to know . will this discussion be continue in the hallway , or somewhere slightly more invite ? ted' luxurious HOTEL suite - live room Jimmy seem impressed by the opulence . he take off he bike helmet , look around . jimmy impressive . this be bigger than we whole house . ted most place be , Jimmy . jimmy they say money can not buy happiness but this be a reasonably good facsimile . ted so , what bring you here at he hour ? jimmy my new bike . ted very funny . jimmy I come to ask permission to take custody of you room . ted my room ? jimmy better view , more spacious , new carpet . it 's a no-brainer . ted it 's not up to I . jimmy Mom and dad say it 's yours . they seem to think you be come home . ted you can have it , then . I be not go back there . Jimmy whip out a piece of paper from he pocket . jimmy if you could just sign right there . ted you want it in write ? jimmy just a formality . Ted sign . Jimmy squirrel away the paper , excitedly . start to zip up he wind breaker . ted that 's it ? I mean , you do not want to order room service or anything ? we could play game and watch movie and stuff . jimmy be you kid ? Mom and dad discover I be go and I will be do hard time . ted be they okay ? jimmy aside from the fact that Mom 's eye be nearly swollen shut from cry and dad spend all he time under the car try to fix stuff that be not break , thing could not be better . ted I miss they , too . jimmy you can not come back . that be , you can , but you thing will be in the room you currently think of as mine . ted you be a peach . jimmy funny you should say that . my grandfather be a peach farmer . ouch . for the first time , that really smart . ted he be my grandfather , too . jimmy I mean biologically . ted that 's a crappy thing to say . jimmy look Ted . I be cool with everything . you have long be dissatisfied with we mediocre little town . you have always have a itch for the good life . I be happy for you . this could not happen to a nicer guy . Ted listen . jimmy ( cont 'd ) but just for the record , my Mom be a kick - ass schoolteacher and my dad be the best damn auto mechanic this side of the himalayas . you seem to have forget they open Nelson 's family market so they could build something permanent , a legacy , for we . they kid . ted I do not forget . jimmy you ever look down on they again and call they " grocer " like it 's a dirty word , and you will be suck you filet mignon through a straw for six to eight week . get it ? Ted 's stunne . talk about tough love . ted loud and clear . suddenly the phone ring . Ted sheepishly explain ... ted ( cont 'd ) that 's probably my office . int . julie' bedroom - night julie well ? where the hell be you ? intercut between ted and julie ted he 's on the move ? julie I get a anonymous tip and a address in Cincinnati . ted let 's do it . ted' luxurious HOTEL suite - live room - that moment Ted hang up the phone . look around . Jimmy 's go . but he shiny new bike be leave behind . int . cincinnati nightclub - night not much of a place . a middle - age torch singer croon " my Romance . " Ted and Julie find they way to corner table . keeping a eye out for principal merkin . ted I do not know . this place seem pretty tame . julie you expect whip , chain , merk be cattle - prodd by some dominatrix in a leather hood ? ted at least it 's not another 4 - h meeting or a Big brother barbecue . julie amen to that . they head be very close together . a conspiratorial tête - à tête . ted look at we . it 's one o'clock in the morning , on a school night . we be in a smoky nightclub , hope to catch we principal with some big city tart . julie I be tremble with excitement . ted that have more to do with you proximity to I . julie ( play along ) my desire betray I , like goosebump on my flesh . ted I have a bit of a goosebump fetish . not many people know that . julie I figure you for more of a hairy armpit guy . ted shoe , if you want to know the truth . shoe be my thing . julie wearing they ? or humping they ? ted my fantasy be a totally naked woman , wear nothing but a timex and suede clog . julie that 's refreshingly deviant . ted what about you ? julie I be very aural . ted tell I more . julie sound , voice , music , hum . all of it can turn I on , or off , like a switch . ted ( feign a deep voice ) I see . julie I have a portuguese boyfriend who could read the phone book and melt I . ted ( jealous ) a portuguese boyfriend . sound very " cosmo . " julie you live and learn . I realize the most important thing to I , above all , be trust . ted turned out to be a scoundrel , eh ? I see that one come . julie you lose trust in someone and it 's over , do , go , forever . at that moment , the torch singer begin croon " people . " ted do you trust I , Julie ? julie not a chance . ted come on . julie trust be something you earn , over time . you do not just inherit it overnight like a gazillion dollar empire . Ted lean even closer . look into she eye . use he voice . be as aurally seductive as he can . ted I want you to trust I . julie maybe someday . ted Julie , I will tell you something that be the god 's honest truth . I have see a lot of really beautiful girl . I mean a lot . but none of they make I feel like you do . julie that 's hard to believe . ted but absolutely true . Ted move closer . Julie do not move away . the singer seem to be perform just for they . singer ( o.s. ) ... " a feel deep in you soul / say you be half , now you be whole ... " just as Ted and Julie be about to kiss , Julie 's eye widen . she grab Ted 's hand . simultaneously , they turn towards the singer ... julie &amp ; ted oh . my. GOD . it 's the mother lode ! that 's not just any middle - age torch singer . that 's principal merkin . dress in drag as barbra streisand . and do a mighty fine job of it . Ted pull out he camera and fire away . blind by the stage light , principal merkin sing and vogue glamorously . he have no idea he secret be out . ext . nightclub / cincinnati STREET - night Ted and Julie rush down the street in the rain , giggle , totally euphoric . they stop to catch they breath . they clothes be drench , but they could not care less . in no time they have get they arm wrap around one another , kissing and laugh . ted we just find the ultimate centerfold for " the Girls of xenia ! " suddenly Julie sober , pull away . julie I have to be honest with you , Ted . I really despise " the Girls of xenia . " ted I know , they small town mentality can be madden . julie I mean you pictorial . it bother I , profoundly . ted aw Julie , it 's my job . it 's like be a doctor . Julie eye he skeptically . julie you be tell I you do not get arouse by a roomful of naked breast . ted you have see one naked breast , you have seem they all . julie which explain the continue success of " Heaven " for how many decade ? ted you be quick . I like that . julie you think you be work with chimp here ? ted the thing be , I make a commitment . I say I would do it and I have to keep my word . julie keeping you word be something I can actually respect , Ted . CUT to : trembling hand , struggling to load a roll of film into a nikon . int . tecumseh high school - girl locker room - night Ted close the back of he camera . take a deep breath . and force a confident smile . he then peer into the ... shower where christy malone limber up . stretch she leg against the wall . wearing she sexy cheerleader uniform . christy I think I would be nervous , but you sure know how to make a girl feel relaxed , teddy bear . ted I do ? I mean , yeah , I do . christy I have to admit , I be so totally turn on . we should do it . now . ted do it ? christy you know ... take the picture ? christy do she warm - up contortionist pose for ted. clothes still on . as reflector bounce strobe into the shower area . year of be a merciless tease , pay off right here and now . christy know how to make love to the camera . ted I remember the first time you walk into Mrs. Temple 's class in 2nd grade . Blue gingham dress . blond ponytail . christy which you pull , hard ! ted that be code for " I like you . " christy giggle . christy wanna unzip I ? Ted slowly unzip christy 's top , catch a glimpse of she long , sensuous back . she resume pose . flash a bare shoulder . a coy look . she do not need direction . she 's a natural . christy ( cont 'd ) remember dress up day ? you and Charlie lift skirt during recess . ted I miss that day , when schoolyard sexual harassment be without consequence . christy thing change . now I be take off my clothes ... all by myself . christy slip off she cheerleader top . lower she skirt . fling it aside . she 's wear only panty the size of a band-aid . Ted be mute . stare at she perfect body . christy ( cont 'd ) well ? ted you have change since second grade . christy I mean , what do you think ? ted you expect I to think at a time like this ? there be not a drop of blood in my brain . christy oh , teddy bear , you be funny . Ted step out of the shower . out of christy 's sight , he squirm in he jeans . try to hide he enthusiasm . music suddenly seem to come from nowhere . nine inch Nails . " I want to fuck you like a Animal . " ted ( sotto ) God help I . Ted step back into the shower . christy rub a ice cube on she leave nipple . christy I hear they do this on photo shoot . wanna to do the other one ? she toss he the ice cube . he fumble . it land on the floor . ted you be do just fine , christy . believe I . chrity then I be ready when you be . Ted look through the lens . we can see he tremble . Music blast as Ted 's camera burn through film . they be both get into it . Water pulsate over she body . steam rise . christy begin lather she breast . christy I be always too shy to admit how much I like you . ted come on , I be hamburger . you be porterhouse . christy maybe on the outside . but inside , deep down , I have always be drip with special sauce . ( she smile , sexily ) be you hungry ? be he hungry . he 's be work up this appetite for ten year . he can barely contain himself . ted God , you be so hot . christy then you better get in the water , before you get burn . Ted call she bluff . he set aside he camera . walk right into the water . through the steam . toward christy . she wrap a leg around he , suck face , want more . christy ( cont 'd ) you and I , finally . this will be so fantastic , teddy bear . trust I . suddenly Ted stop . remember what Julie say about trust . ted I be sorry , christy . I have be crazy about you forever , and this be definitely a page right out of my palm pilot , but I just can not go through with it . he turn away , but christy press she bare body against he back . wrapping she hand around he waist . caress he chest , he stomach ... christy sure you can . you be only human . it 's not like you be make of steel . ( she lower she hand ) or be you ? smash CUT to : Ted and christy lock in a steamy embrace . Rolling on the floor . hand , arm , lip , tongue , all in motion . as the shower drench they . suddenly , they roll into a pair of leg . both look up . the steam clear to reveal Julie . arm cross . hurt , but not surprised . julie what 's up , doc ? she do not wait for a explanation . christy cover herself . Ted chase after Julie . ted wait , Julie , wait ! int . tecumseh high school - corridor - night Julie dash out of the girl ' locker room , pass a janitor . Ted follow , drip water . janitor I be sorry , Mr. Ted . she push right past I . ted ( call after Julie ) at least let I explain ! Julie dart into the girl ' restroom . Ted stop at the door . then realize there be no one else around . he head inside . int . girl ' restroom - continuous Julie 's too proud to let he see she cry . but we can tell she 's upset . julie go away , Ted . just go . Ted corner she near a row of sink . ted please believe I . it be just a kiss for old time 's sake . I have have a stupid crush on she since I be seven , but I never get closer to she than four foot and then there she be right in front of I , completely naked . Julie look at he , pensively . she unzip the back of she summery dress . and let it fall to the floor . she 's completely naked and absolutely gorgeous . Ted gasp . he 's be around dozen of naked woman by now , but this one he can not just gawk at . this one he really care about . julie be naked be no big deal . it have nothing to do with emotion , nothing to do with love . you can be around all the naked girl you want and you will not be even one step closer to anything meaningful in you life . she put on she dress , gracefully . as if nothing happen . julie ( cont 'd ) see that ? you do not know I even one ounce better than you do before . you and you stupid magazine . I like you better when you be sweet and kind and human , like the rest of we . at that moment , Ted 's cell phone ring . Julie walk away , leave Ted completely alone . he answer , lifelessly ... ted yes ? uncle billy ( o.s. ) we have get a huge problem with the magazine , Ted -baby . we reader hate it . hate it . we need to talk . int . school corridor - day Ted walk down the hallway . Three jock look through the new issue of " Heaven . " laugh . they taunt Ted . jock # 1 you get a great sense of humor . I love the three hundred pound eskimo chick . jock # 2 you like eskimo pie , teddy ? jock # 3 I like the African chick with the big lip . you could stash a lot of weed in there . maybe even a six pack . Ted 's mortify , depressed . Charlie appear next to he with " Heaven " in hand . charlie Holy stinker , what be you think ? ted we want to challenge the notion of classic beauty . we want to showcase woman throughout the world . charlie next time , make sure you put a barf bag in the centerfold . principal merkin approach . also hold " Heaven " in he hand . principal merkin Ted , I realize I owe you a apology . you be destroy " Heaven " much faster from the inside than I ever could from the outside . good job , son . Ted could not feel worse . int . " heaven " mansion - conference room - day Ted , uncle billy , and helen . meeting with the head of various department . head of marketing we advertiser be wigging out . half of they be threaten to pull they ad for next month . the other half already do . uncle billy it be nothing more than beginner 's folly . tell everyone to lighten up . helen it 's a little more serious than that , Bill . the stockholder have request a meeting . they want we guarantee that this will never happen again . ( the word pain she ) some of they be even call for Ted 's resignation . ted look , the girl of xenia be gorgeous , you will see . next month we will be back to normal . head of finance another disaster like this could sink we . we have get thousand of subscriber request refund . uncle billy the kid come up with something that sound good on paper . who know we reader would not dig it ? Ted bristle . the kid ? the kid come up with something ? head of marketing we try to warn you . uncle billy sometimes young people need to make they own mistake . that 's how they learn . Ted can see that uncle billy 's play this out differently than he imagine . give Ted all the " credit . " ted ( firmly ; to uncle billy ) it will not happen again . it will never happen again . int . " heaven " mansion - ted' office - day Ted sit at he father 's desk . go through paperwork . figure . chart . report . ceo work . in the b.g. , he hear the playful sound of woman . which distract he . Ted approach the window and watch a group of girl splash and play in the pool . he look sad . helen enter behind he . he turn to she . ted I always think I want fame and fortune and beautiful woman . but sometimes you dream come true , and they cause you nothing but grief . I just want to chuck everything and sell the stupid magazine . it 's not worth the pain . helen take Ted 's hand , comfortingly . helen come , let I show you something . int . mansion attic - day helen and Ted sit on old trunk . helen hold a scrapbook in she arm . explain to Ted ... helen you parent never want to interfere with you life , Ted . they know you Mom and dad love you very much . they know they do the right thing . but that do not mean they do not watch you and miss you , from afar . ted you mean they know who I be ? helen they keep this scrapbook of you life . it mean the world to they . close on scrapbook we see baby picture of Ted , take through the glass of a nursery . a newspaper photo of Ted play a donkey in a nativity play . and clipping from Ted 's high school newspaper . ted I wonder about they , for so many year . I wonder if I look like they , act like they . I wonder why they give I up . helen give you up be the most unselfish thing they ever do . when they found " Heaven , " they wish they could take you back but it be too late . all they could do be build the empire , know that someday it would all be yours . ted my legacy . helen you parent would be crush to think you be not happy with it . ted they be not my parent , helen . my parent be back in xenia and I hurt they very much . helen I understand . ted and the girl I love , she hate " Heaven . " if I keep it , she will never respect I . helen but how can you respect yourself if you do not ? int . nelson live room - day Ted 's parent and Jimmy walk through the front door . they be stunne to find a huge 24x36 enlarge family portrait , hang over the mantle . it 's the same picture Ted break in he childish tantrum . Mom and dad be move . even more so when they see Ted . wait for they on the couch . Ted rise . misty eye . ted everything I be be because of you . can you ever forgive I ? mom ( hugging he ) oh , teddy . we miss you so much . dad you be always we number one son . jimmy ( roll he eye ) Mom , dad . this display of unconditional love be appall . mom we be a family . jimmy a family , need I remind you , that he ridicule and leave for dead . ted shut you pie hole , Jimmy . dad I will not have my boy argue . jimmy so , when I be seventeen , can I turn everyone 's life upside - down , behave like a total piece of canine excrement , and then wipe the slate clean with a half - baked apology and a kodak moment ? mom &amp ; dad no ! jimmy which be precisely why I get the rights to my new room in writing . ted ( to he parent ) I need you help . I be really in deep shit . mom do not say " shit , " honey . use the strong vocabulary God give you . dad besides , there 's no problem too deep or too shitty for we to solve . int . nelson grocery store - day dad reach for a can of peach from the shelf . dad Son , it 's a simple fix . the only difference between my store and that magazine of yours be a bunch of zero . now , have I ever tell you the story about the can of peach ? int . conference hall - day a " Heaven " stockholder ' meeting in progress . uncle billy stand at the podium . uncle billy lady , gentleman . " Heaven " have go to hell . behind he be chart , wall graph . we quickly realize he be a complete and utter turn -coat . uncle billy ( cont 'd ) I love my brother . I stand by he wish to let he son run the company . a son he never know . a son that he and he wife give away at birth . a son who be raise in a world quite different from we own . nevertheless , I be there for the lad . I guide he as best I could . but he 's only seventeen , with a mind of he own and judgment that be , well , frankly , not a chip off the old block . there be only one clear solution ... ( gesture to himself ) and I think we all know what that be -- ted ( o.s. ) -- peach ! canned peach ! Ted burst into the meeting with he dad . holding up a can of peach . suddenly hundred of eye be upon he . curious , bewilder . Ted dash to the podium , with passion in he soul and fire in he belly . uncle billy what be you do ? ted my job . back off , benedict . uncle billy step into the shadow as Ted look out at the crowd . he 's petrify . but he take a deep breath and find the courage to explain ... ted ( cont 'd ) the only man I call " dad " own a little grocery store in xenia , Ohio . he learn a lot of cool stuff from my grandpa , who be a peach farmer in he day . grandpa know the right thing to say in every situation , and it usually involved peach . my dad 's a lot like he . and he teach I , you have to focus on the peachy side of life , not the pit . dad 's eye be fill with tear . he 's never be so proud . ted ( cont 'd ) there be a time when can peach be the hot , great thing ever invent . it be like a little taste of summer , anytime you want . grocery store could not keep they in stock , they be so popular . and even though other can fruit like pear , plum , and pineapple have come along , people still need to know they can get they can peach , on the same shelf , whenever they want they . it 's comforting , you know ? it fulfill they expectation . the stockholder be listen . uncle billy grin nervously . unable to believe Ted be pull this off . ted ( cont 'd ) you be probably wonder if there 's a point to all this and I guess it 's just that I goof last month . I not only move the can peach , I restock the shelf with kiwi , guava , and mandarin orange in heavy syrup . I challenge people 's expectation . and you can not do that to you customer . so , I ask you for one more chance to fix thing and give we reader back they can peach . the stockholder applaud enthusiastically , give Ted a stand ovation . Ted turn to uncle billy . ted ( cont 'd ) thanks for teach I a important lesson . what make a family be love , not blood . uncle billy all be fair in " Heaven , " ted-baby . ted that 's right . and guess who 's the new King of the unemployment line . uncle billy aw , come on , kid . throw I a bone . I be you uncle for gosh sake . int . " heaven " headquarters - day montage Ted look at picture . layout . read copy . listen to he staff . he seem confident . in control . mature beyond he year . the magazine go to press . in voice over , we hear Julie , read the article about Ted that she write for the school paper . julie ( v.o . ) " it 's easy to fall prey to petty jealousy when consider the young life of Ted Nelson . but how would any of we behave if one day all we dream come true ? would we handle it half as well ? would we find ourselves make the same mistake for which we criticize he ? " someone hand Ted a copy of Julie 's article . he read the last portion of it aloud ... ted " one can only hope that Ted Nelson will find bigger and better dream upon which to set he sight as the year pass . and that he will remember , always , where he come from . " ext . julie' house - day Julie open she front door . Charlie grin . he hand she a copy of " Heaven . " charlie page three . intrigue , she turn to the page . close on magazine we see a special dedication , " to Julie , my partner in crime , with all the Love in the World . " Julie 's eye fill with tear . she flip ahead to " the Girls of xenia " pictorial , only to find -- principal merkin . sing he heart out , in drag as barbra streisand . it 's a series of shot from the Cincinnati nightclub . other shot suggestively include he with Molly in the foreground , as if they pose together . julie not bad for a hack . he have a future in yellow journalism . charlie he kick major ass and you know it . int . merkine honda civic - moving - day principal merkin drive . the radio play in the b.g . as one song end , we hear the dj say ... dj this one 's for you Dick merkin of tecumseh High . from all you student . with hug and kiss . the voice of barbra streisand fill the car . barbra streisand ( on the radio ) " people / people who need people / be the luckiest people in the world . " principal merkin pale . he turn off the radio . but somehow , he can still hear the song . as he pull into the school parking lot , student wave enthusiastically . he wave back tentatively . anxiety rise . ext . school parking lot - day principal merkin swing open he car door to be greet by the sound of barbra sing she heart out through the parking lot . every student 's car stereo blast the song . student cheer . chant : " bar -bra , bar -bra , bar -bra ! " principal merkin turn crimson . ext . school stadium - day graduation cap fall all around . people hugging , laugh , overjoy . Ted search for Julie , but she 's nowhere in sight . int . / ext . nelson be house - evening a big graduation party in progress . but Ted sit in the corner , look sad , deject . Julie do not show up . he blow it . Jimmy and Charlie approach , with cheer on they mind . jimmy why so melancholy ? charlie you be bear naked , wet , and hungry . now you be hip , handsome , and rich . you be the coxswain on the ship of life . jimmy eat , drink , and screw Mary ! charlie ( proudly ) I teach he that . ted great . jimmy from my wise , albeit youthful , vantage point , the world be you oyster . you score big . charlie you get everything you ever want . ted except the girl . the only one that really matter . julie ( o.s. ) and who might that be ? miss July ? miss August ? Ted turn to find Julie . his face brighten with hope . ted Julie , wow . I be afraid you leave . I be afraid I would never see you again . julie I be not go anywhere , Ted . you be the one with the champagne wish and caviar dream . ted I decide to let helen run the magazine . I need to go to college , learn a few thing , you know . Julie seem pleased . ted ( cont 'd ) and I think maybe I would take up boat . I have always want to be a " coxswain . " julie very ambitious . I like that . ted the thing be , I will need a first mate . julie I know where you can find any number of naked girl who would love to hop on board . all kid aside , he speak from the heart ... ted Julie , you be right . all the naked girl in the world mean nothing . it 's the one you want to cover up with you coat that you really love . Julie smile ... julie Planet Ted . five year from now . what 's happen ? ted I graduate from college . do great , summa cum laude and all . and I be about to launch a brand new magazine call " exposed ! " a homage to miss Julie conroy of xenia , Ohio . Julie grin . julie I know where you can find a excellent editor- in-chief . ted yellow page ? julie let you finger do the walk . suddenly the music change . " people . " Ted grin . ted they be play we song . ( extend he hand ) dare I ask for this dance ? julie ( take he hand ) you better . Ted and Julie begin dance and kissing in the b.g. Charlie and Jimmy feign tear . charlie I be a sucker for a happy end . ( hugging Jimmy ) hold I . and we start to rise again , above the nelson house , into the cloud above xenia ... ted ( v.o. ) so , as you can guess , everybody pretty much live happily ever after . my parent do not give up the grocery store ... we descend through cloud and quickly find we be ... ext . london - buckingham palace - day Mom and dad take picture and smooch in front of the palace . ted ( v.o. ) ... but they do manage to sneak away for a second honeymoon . on a nearby newsstand we zoom close on " Heaven Magazine , " where page flip open in the wind , revealing ... principal merkin " exposed " in the page of " heaven . " ted ( v.o. ) merk 's appearance in " Heaven " turn out to be a good thing . he be spot by a talent scout ... int . london drag club - night principal merkin dress as barbra , sing " do not rain on my parade . " ted ( v.o. ) ... and go on a european summer tour , fulfil he lifelong dream . naturally he bring poochie , the only girl he ever really love . in the wing poochie , the cocker spaniel , watch . wagging she tail . ted ( v.o. ) after graduation , Charlie move to Utah ... still photograph of ... ext . utah farm - day Charlie wrestle in a haystack with the identical taylor triplet . ted ( v.o. ) ... where he marry all three of the identical Taylor triplet . let 's just say , they have be very busy ... peek out of the haystack , we spot at least a dozen charlie JR 's . ted ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and even uncle billy land on he foot . int . telemarketing cubicle - day uncle billy wear a phone headset . he seem to be swim in a sea of " time - life " style operator . billy ... with a two year subscription to " Heaven , " you get a free underwater calculator . ted ( v.o. ) and now if you will excuse I , I think I will get back to be the coxswain on the ship of life . ext . sailboat - pacific coast - day Ted and Julie sail off into , what else but a glorious sunset . fade out