in a Dark place by Stacey menear Jim wedaa 3872 reklaw drive Studio City , CA 91604 ( 818 ) 508-4630 a painting of the english countryside the yellow and orange of a paint morning . expert brush -stroke of fog lift from the land . delicate puff of white sheep dotting a distant hill . a line of wide - branch tree cut across texture pasture of impressionistic grass . it 's a painting of the perfect English countryside ... and then something strange happen . something in the painting move . a car . it make its way across the painting , slide ina perfectly straight , horizontal line across we view . and then that expertly paint fog become unfrozen and start to rise . the delicately paint sheep be herde up the hill and we realize that this be not a painting any longer ... this be real . int . car — day gerti evan , mid - 20' , asleep in the backseat , oblivious to the scenery zipping by outside the car 's window . she 's blonde and pretty in that '' hi , I 'il be you waitress for today '' kind of way . without be tell we know she 's american - a stranger in a strange land . she turn she head , still asleep , and begin to snore lightly . at the same time she shirt come open revealing an_angel necklace hang between she slightly visible bra line ... the driver take notice in he rear-view . he 's a ancient look guy , more hair come out of he ear than on he head . he work he mirror back and forth with vulgar fervor , try to get just the right view down she shirt . he 's almost there when -- gerti shift again , she shirt close . the Driver turn he full attention back to the road dejectedly . driver shite ... CUT to : later the car 's stop . the driver circle the car to the back seat where gerti be still curl up , asleep . he give a light knock . no response . give it another , less polite , knock . nothing . mumble a curse to himself . open the car door ... driver miss ? we have arrive , miss . gerti do not even move . she 's out . the Driver let 's out a '' I do not get pay enough for this '' sigh . gently tap she shoulder . gerti turn slightly and let out another snore . finally the Driver give she a good nudge . gerti bolt awake . grab he hand , ready to defend herself . the old Driver just about have a heart attack -- driver I apologize , miss , I be -- gerti look around sleepily , not yet sure where she be or what she 's do . driver uh , we be here , miss . gerti sorry , I be dream . mustering he best british politeness --— driver not at all , miss . perfectly alright . gerti step out of the car and into the shadow of heelshire manor a old , two -story building with large bar window that almost give the impression of lifeless eye peer out from behind large , leafy tree . gerti shudder - maybe because of the cold . gerti it 's like something out of a book . driver yes , it 's very lovely . I have take you thing inside . he pull a letter from he pocket and hand it to gerti-- driver from the heelshire . gerti unfold it revealing long , flow , beautiful hand - write . before she can read it -- driver they have step out . they beg you pardon , miss , and ask that you wait in the parlour . int . heelshire manor - entrance - way - day gerti pop a piece of gum in she mouth and look around , surveying she surroundings , say what we be think : gerti Holy crap . the entrance - way be cavernous , reach up to the second floor . the house itself be old - time , solid construction . thick , wood beam run up the wall . gerti walk timidly to the right and poke she head into -- the live room the first thing you notice be there be no window on one side . in fact , as we will find out , there be no window on the entire back - side of the house . the next thing be the furniture . dusty antique , all of it . the live room time forget . a grandfather clock sit in the corner . it 's stop at 6:30 and , from the look of it , it 's be stop there a long , long time . gerti peak out of the front window , survey the front yard through thick , steel bar . and then she walk back through the entranceway to -- the dine room more of the same . that eerie lack of window . a ornately carve dining table with a few rickety look wooden chair around it . entranceway gerti pull out the letter again , try carefully not to make too much noise as she unfold it . there 's a heavy silence in the house . a formal gloom that gerti unconsciously be scared to break -- gerti ( read ) .-.. we ask that you wait in the parlour ... gerti look around -- gerti which one be the parlour ? and then she look at -- the stair directly in front of she - a wooden railing almost look like it 's reach out a deform , wooden hand to she -- the staircase split in two midway up - and where it split be a large painting of the house 's resident - the heelshire . it 's not the parlour , but ... creak gerti take a step on the stair , break the heavy silence of the house . she take another , softer step - willing herself to be lighter . a slightly quieter creak up to ... the painting the parent , Mr. and Mrs. heelshire , each have a hand on they young son 's shoulder . the father be tall , dignify look . the mother be small , squat and stern . a odd -look pair . the son look to be around seven . he 's almost disturbingly perfect look in a date look little suit . he have perfectly comb hair , perfect skin with perfect feature and a slight , half - smile as if he know something we do not . but the eye be what stick out - black and huge and lifeless . the right eye have a slight rip in the canvas . gerti reach out to touch it when -- a creak . the house settling or maybe a child 's footstep from the floor above . gerti hello ? gerti look up the stair to the second floor . gerti ( to herself ) that 's not the parlour . that be definitely not the parlour . gerti look back down the stair where she should go - and then look up again -- second floor clunk , clunk . the sound of high -heel on a wood floor , shatter the silence of the house . gerti slip off she shoe and place they carefully against the wall . she tip -toe barefoot down the hallway . they be narrow . claustrophobic . as if the wall be press inward . more portrait . various other family member go back through the year . each stare out silently as gerti pass down to -- a boy' room unlike the rest of the house this room look untouched , pristine . a child 's bed perfectly make . a few toy on shelf . it look more like a show room than a actual child 's room . a door shut somewhere in the house . gerti quickly tip -toe out of the room and down the hall , right past she shoe without notice . a man' voice ( 0.s. ) hello ? gerti hello ? she move down the stair towards the voice -- a man' voice ( 0.s. ) hello ? gerti yes ? hello ? back through the entranceway to -- the dine room at the other end be the owner of the voice , malcolm ( 30' ) . he 's smack dab between handsome and nerdy - and very English look . he 's dress in a black tie and a white shirt , make he look like a off duty waiter . malcolm hello . gerti hello . a beat . malcolm seem a little bit shocked to see this pretty girl stand before he . malcolm you be the new nanny ? gerti I be not sure yet . Mr. heelshire ? malcolm I ? no , I be the grocery boy . grocery man . I deliver grocery . I own the store actually . ( flustered ) I see you bag and I ... I be malcolm by the way . he put out he hand to gerti . the two shake awkwardly -- gerti gerti Evans . malcolm I have get to unpack this grocery , care to join I ? I can give you a tour of such exotic location as the pantry and the bread cupboard . gerti smile -- gerti lead the way . int . kitchen - continuous a large kitchen - the kind that probably once house a whole staff of servant . now it 's just malcolm and gerti stuff can of food on shelf -- malcolm american , yeah ? gerti yeah . my first trip out of the country . malcolm let I guess ... California , right ? gerti look at he , not sure if he 's joke or not . she 's get a pretty unmistakable Texan accent . gerti Texas malcolm hm . I be usually so good at this thing . I have get a touch of the gift you know . gerti the gift ? malcolm prognosticator . clairvoyant . whatever you like to call it . I have a grandmum that read tea-leave . my mother read palm . gerti and what do you read ? malcolm look at she , think . gerti chew she gum -- malcolm chew gum . gerti gum ? malcolm if you will allow I ... malcolm hold out he hand . gerti stop chew . be this guy serious ? malcolm do not be shy . gerti spit she gum into malcolm 's hand . off gerti 's somewhat disgust look -- malcolm we do not get to choose we gift , miss Evans . malcolm examine the gum carefully . he turn it over in he hand , squint he eye in concentration . gerti so what do you see ? malcolm interesting . very , very interesting . I see that you be a writer ... from Dallas , Texas . it look like you have come here to be inspire by the English countryside . to get away from the hustle and bustle of you life in the U.S. of A. gerti laugh . not even close . malcolm no ? gerti no . malcolm Close ? gerti not even a little . malcolm look back at the gum . malcolm rubbish . one more try , yeah ? okay ...ah ! here it be . I see what go wrong . ah , a dark past . on the run be we ? he smile . gerti do not . that one hit a little too close to home . malcolm sorry . I be afraid that be my best attempt at flirt . believe it or not I be actually consider charming here in this country . it 's amazing that any of we manage to procreate at all really . gerti grab a loaf of bread . gerti bread ? malcolm clear he throat uncomfortably . tough crowd . malcolm cupboard behind you . gerti so what 's the family like ? malcolm the family ? well ... they be nice . very generous . as good a people as you will ever hope to meet . gerti hand malcolm some can -- gerti and they son . brahm ? malcolm brahm . yes . he 's ...uh ... I be not sure how to put it ... malcolm search for the word as a door open in another room . save by the bell -- malcolm -- here they be now . that 's all he can say as mrs . heelshire enter the kitchen . if we think the artist be take some liberty in the painting of the woman we be very , very wrong . Mrs. heelshire be short and squat - not quite a little person , but definitely less than average height . she look as if she step directly out of the painting . mrs . heelshire miss Evans ? 10 . gerti Mrs. heelshire , it 's so nice to finally meet you . mrs . heelshire yes . follow I , miss Evans . entrance way we can hear talk in the other room . it 's serious , fatherly advice talk -- mrs . heelshire brahm be very excited to meet you , miss Evans . he 's never meet a american before . gerti I be very excited to meet he too . I have never meet a English person . well , I mean , I meet malcolm and you , but -- Mrs. heelshire stop . she look at gerti 's foot . mrs . heelshire where be you shoe ? gerti look down at she shoe - less foot . she look up at Mrs. heelshire , embarrassed . second floor —- hallway Mrs . heelshire wait , arm fold , in the hallway . gerti come out of a room with a apologetic look on she face . gerti I be sure I take they off right here . mrs . heelshire they will turn up . it 's brahm . he can be ... playful . I assume you bring other shoe ? gerti give one last glance around -- gerti in my bag . mrs . heelshire good . now come along , we have keep they wait long enough . 11 . live room mr . heelshire , be bent down on he knee , obscure the figure he 's talk to , presumably brahm . Mrs. heelshire clear she throat . Mr. heelshire stand obediently and turn toward gerti . he , like Mrs. heelshire , look like he step directly out of the painting . and then we get we first look at the figure Mr. heelshire be talk to ... a doll . literally . a life-size and somewhat life - like doll with a perfect porcelain face , not unlike the painting , with perfect , delicate hand and wear a suit like you might see british child wear in the 1950' . it , or he , as this be brahm , stand face gerti -- mr . heelshire miss Evans , allow I to introduce you to we son , brahm . a beat . a long , painful , silent beat where gerti open she mouth , then close it unable to find the proper word for a situation like this . finally , gerti manage to make a sound . she laugh . a uncomfortable , unsure laugh . the kind of force chuckle you give when you be not quite sure if someone be joke . the whole thing would be funny if it be not so creepy . Mr. and Mrs. heelshire give each other a disappointed , meaningful look . gerti notice it , but all she can do be let out another little nervous laugh . gerti 's drown . she look at Mr. heelshire , then Mrs. heelshire - and then try again to try and say something . her mouth open and close . malcolm swoops in just in time -- malcolm you have meet brahm then ? 12 . without miss a beat malcolm get down on a knee and shake brahm 's porcelain hand , careful to look and talk directly to he , as if he be a real little boy . malcolm how be you do , brahm ? you take it easy on miss Evans , she 's travel a long way just to meet you . malcolm stand up - malcolm I be off then . Bill 's on the table . ( to gerti ) pleasure meeting you , miss Evans . hope to see you when I deliver next Thursday . he smile at gerti . gerti 's face say it all - thank you ! mrs . heelshire thank you , malcolm . gerti regains herself . she kneel down to brahm level , just like malcolm do , and take brahm 's little porcelain hand in hers . gerti it 's so nice to meet you , brahm . I hope you and I can be friend . Mrs. heelshire smile broadly at Mr. heelshire . gerti 's pass the first test . and now on to the other test -- mrs . heelshire Mr. heelshire , will you please take miss Evans 's thing to she room ? miss Evans , we might as well get start . I have quite a bit to show you . if you will help brahm along , we will begin upstairs . stair - later Mrs. heelshire move up the stair with surprising quickness for a woman of she age and size . behind she gerti struggle , huffing and puffing , with brahm hold awkwardly in she arm . mrs . heelshire brahm have a detailed schedule . you be detail orient , be not you ? gerti yes...detail ...oriented . 13. mrs . heelshire we will run through a typical day . it 's brahm 's decision in the end and he can be quite selective . we have have a number of nanny come through already . though none of they be nearly as pretty or as young as you . Mrs. heelshire turn around . look at gerti . mrs . heelshire that be you real hair color , I assume ? gerti reach up , touch she blonde hair -- gerti uh , yeah . it be . mrs . heelshire that 's good . you never know nowadays . Mrs . heelshire continue up the stair . gerti stand there for a beat wonder what , exactly , she 's get herself in9to ... upstair - brahm room -— continuous Mrs. heelshire undress brahm and then put little doll pajamas on he as she talk . mrs . heelshire you will wake he at 7:00 each morning and dress he . Mrs. heelshire finish put brahm in pajamas and put he in bed . then she look at gerti expectantly . gerti stand there , not quite sure what she 's suppose to do . Mrs. heelshire motion toward a dresser . mrs . heelshire you will find he clothes in there . gerti so I should ...? mrs . heelshire wake and dress he , miss Evans . there 's no better way to learn than by do . gerti walk to the dresser and open up the top drawer . Inside be five full outfit ; sock , underwear , pants , shirt and jacket . she pull one out and walk to the bed where brahm be '' sleep '' . 14 . gerti stand over brahm , still not sure what to do . she give a glance toward Mrs. heelshire . Mrs. heelshire nod , as if to say , '' yes , keep go ... '' gerti um ... wake up ... mrs . heelshire I do not know about you , but that certainly would not wake I . gerti take a breath - okay , fine . gerti sit on the bed next to brahm . gerti it 's time to wake up , brahm . she pull the cover off of he and pull he up into she arm very gently and carefully . then , just as slowly and carefully , she begin to pull off he pajamas . at the rate gerti be go brahm will be fully dress and ready to go in about 3 hour . mrs . heelshire he 's not a newborn , miss Evans . you need not worry about hurt he . Mrs. heelshire walk over and practically push gerti out of the way and start dress he , quickly , efficiently and , not coincidentally , like a woman who have do this for decade ... to brahm , in the way you have speak to you real child -- mrs . heelshire now let 's show miss Evans how to get you dress . I have let she do it , but I be afraid we have be here all afternoon , would not we ? hallway — continuous Mrs. heelshire move along briskly with gerti walk behind she lug brahm ... mrs . heelshire normally breakfast would be next , but it 's already the afternoon now , so we will move on to class . brahm , as you might imagine , be home-school . 15 . Mrs. heelshire come to a door at the end of the hall and stop . she look at gerti who stand there with brahm , breathe heavy - it 's not a light doll . mrs . heelshire he can be a bit much to carry , I be afraid . I have get Mr. heelshire to help I , but you will be alone out here . do you think you can manage ? gerti ( out of breath ) of course . no problem . Mrs. heelshire seem doubtful . mrs . heelshire you be awfully skinny . but then people have doubted I my whole life and I manage . Mrs . heelshire open the door to -- the classroom the wall be line with bookcase full of dusty book . in the center of the room be two desk and at the front a podium . all very mid - 50 's style . mrs . heelshire brahm have three hour of class five day a week . I like to begin by read some poetry . do you know any poetry , miss Evans . gerti not really . I do know all the word to '' sweet Home Alabama '' though . a beat . Mrs. heelshire just stare at gerti , the kind of stare reserve for blather idiot -- gerti it be a kind of a joke ... mrs . heelshire we have plenty of book . choose one and then read through it . ( demonstrate ) it 's very important you speak in a loud , clear voice . as politely as she can muster -- 16 . gerti yes . of course . Mrs . heelshire look at she blankly - wait . a beat . then gerti realize and reply in a clear , loud , voice . gerti yes . of course . Mrs. heelshire smile . mrs . heelshire excellent . then she spin on she heel and vanish back out into the hallway -- mrs . heelshire ( 0.s. ) Music appreciation be next ... gerti roll she eye and shift brahm in she arm . what have she get herself into ? live room brahm sit on the couch . he start to slide , then fall over onto he side . Mrs. heelshire be there in a instant , set he upright again . mrs . heelshire now be a good boy , brahm , and sit up . Mrs. heelshire motion toward a large cabinet style record player almost bury underneath stack of record . mrs . heelshire Music , miss Evans . I do not think brahm could go on without he music . it mean everything to he . it be he world . she pick up a record and set it on the turntable -- mrs . heelshire you simply take a record and place it here , then take the needle and ... the record start spin . from the hum and hiss we can tell the volume be turn up loud -- mrs . heelshire brahm like it a bit louder than I prefer , but it give he so much joy I do not dare take it away from he . 17 . right on cue , the music jump in - a thunderous burst that nearly give gerti a heart -attack . Mrs . heelshire close she eye , enjoy the music . gerti look at brahm and it almost - almost - look as if a little smile have creep onto he face . int . dine room - night Mrs. heelshire circle the table . a bowl of some kind of steaming stew for Mr. heelshire , gerti and then finally , for brahm . Mr. heelshire tie a napkin around brahm 's neck before she sit . gerti can not take she eye off the whole sad / creepy affair . Mr. heelshire clear he throat loudly -- mr . heelshire brahm be very fond of you accent . he say it make you sound like a movie star . gerti laugh and blushes despite herself . gerti you think so ? Mr. heelshire give a slight motion with he head for gerti to speak directly to brahm . gerti turn toward brahm -- — gerti I think the English accent be so much nicer . mr . heelshire brahm would like to know if you have ever be horse riding ? or meet any Indians ? gerti have the hang of it now - she turn to brahm as if he be a real little boy -- gerti I have be on a horse . I think everyone in Texas have . as for , uh , Native Americans - well , I have only see they in casinos . Mr. and Mrs. heelshire smile at one another . maybe this will work out after all ... 18 . kitchen Mrs. heelshire walk quickly into the kitchen - she 's back in tour mode , go a mile - a-minute . gerti follow she lug the dinner dish . mrs . heelshire we do not throw any food out in this house , miss Evans . this be a country house , do you know what that mean ? on gerti - um ... mrs . heelshire it mean we be in a constant battle with the outside element . weather and plant and vermin . especially vermin , miss Evans . so we take certain measure against they . she open a cupboard - inside be a mountain of tupperware . Mrs. heelshire take brahm 's bowl of stew and dump it in a container . mrs . heelshire Mr. heelshire can tell you about that duty . for the first time gerti notice Mr. heelshire stand in the doorway hold brahm lovingly in he arm . he hand brahm to Mrs. heelshire and take the tupperware . mr . heelshire if you will follow I ... laundry room a large freezer be shove into the corner of the room . Mr. heelshire drop the tupperware container inside . mr . heelshire the food go in here . now I 'il show you the trap . on gerti : traps ? ext . heelshire manor - continuous gerti , hold a large garbage bag , wait by the side of the house . Mr. heelshire emerge from behind a shrub with a large rat-trap contain one very large , very dead rat . 19 . he pull the rat out of the trap as he talk -- mr . heelshire personally , I do not know that any of this be necessary . but the missus be convinced they 's 1l get into the wall . and brahm ... Mr. heelshire drop the rat into the bag and reset the trap . gerti look like she might drop the bag and run away any second -- mr . heelshire ..- well , brahm have never be very fond of animal of any kind . he be always very shy , you see . very timid . Mr. heelshire 's voice drop , almost to a whisper , as if he do not want the house itself to hear he -- mr . heelshire I know how it must look to you , miss Evans . to be completely honest I be not sure how it all come to this . Little by little and then all at once , I suppose . Mr. heelshire bend behind another shrub . gerti grimace , not sure if she can stand another bloody rat corpse . mr . heelshire empty . they move on to the next trap . mr . heelshire what I be try to say , miss , be that whatever it might look like on the outside , we son be here . he 's very much with we . do you understand , miss Evans ? gerti yes . Mr. heelshire smile -- mr . heelshire good . that 's very good . they reach the end of the house where a large chimney rise up along the house . a thick shrub grow around it -- 20 . mr . heelshire no need to look here . we do not put trap ' round the chimney . int . bathroom - night the bath water run ... brahm sit in the tub . his little suit be hang up on the shower rod . his doll - body be a yellow kind of fabric with patch and repair here and there . from the look of it this be a old doll . gerti stand in the doorway and watch as Mrs. heelshire gently , lovingly clean he hand and face with a wet cloth . the whole time she talk to he , just as you would a real child . mrs . heelshire you be a very good boy today , brahm . I be very proud of you . you behave like a little gentleman ... she comb he fake hair carefully . a clump fall out -- mrs . heelshire oh dear . we ’1ll have to get papa to fix this ... bedroom brahm be in bed . Mr. and Mrs. heelshire be on either side of he , hand fold , head bow in prayer . gerti wait in the doorway , not dare to break up this strangely touch family moment . the prayer end . Mr. heelshire whisper something to he wife and they both turn toward gerti . gerti 's heart skip a beat - though she 's not even sure what she 's afraid of . mrs . heelshire if you would give we one second to speak with brahm ... gerti back out of the room , into the hallway 21 . Mrs. heelshire close the door . gerti shiver . a cold night in a drafty house . low , urgent voice from inside the room . gerti strain to hear . for a second it almost sound as if a child voice be among they . the door open -- mrs . heelshire he want you , miss Evans . he 's choose you if you will have he . she hug gerti . the look on gerti 's face be neither excitement or dismay , it 's the same face she 's have all day - overwhelm . int . gerti 's bedroom - night gerti 's bag be spread across the floor . gerti step over they , pace and talk on the phone to she older sister , sandy . sandy ( on the phone ) what do you do ? gerti I do not do anything . I could not even speak . if the grocery boy - er , man - have not come by I would probably still be stand there . laughter on the other end of the line -- sandy so ...are you go to do it ? gerti sigh -- gerti I do not know . the whole thing be just creepy . this house . the doll -- sandy -- the money . you will make more in three month than I make in a year . that kind of money can change you life , gert . gerti I feel guilty . I mean this people be seriously nut . I should not take advantage of they . you should have see the way they treat it . like a real little kid . it 's heartbreaking . 22 . sandy if it make they happy , who care ? play along . we talk about this . this be good for you . you need to get away for a while . get some perspective . gerti so live with a doll all summer be perspective ? sandy yes . come from what you come from , it be . you need this . gerti I do not know . this house . the doll . this sad , sad people . it 's just ... it 's too weird . a beat , the kind always follow by bad news -- gerti what ? sandy Cole 's be ask about you . he 's be call non-stop . he come by the house and scared Morgan half - to-death . look like she get kick in the gut -- gerti what have you tell he ? sandy nothing . and I be not go to tell he anything . ( a heavy beat ) you have to get away from he , gert . do this . if not for you , then for I . I can not stand to see you get hurt again . gerti take a breath like a woman about to take the plunge ... int . entrance - way - morning a stack of ancient look luggage . the kind of stuff you have expect to see get load onto the Titanic . the Driver that drop gerti off be back . he pick up two of the larger suitcase and carry they -- 23 . outside where the car be wait . the trunk open . he try to toss both suitcase in the back at once . one fall to the ground -- the driver bloody ... the Driver stop . look at the suitcase . empty . not a single item in there . he look back at the house . pick up the suitcase . close it back up . the driver crazy old bugger . stuff it into the trunk of the car and trudge back to the house ... int . heelshire manor - hallway - day gerti walk out of she room . the sound of pleading . a urging , whisper voice come from brahm 's room . gerti tip -toe to he room and peak -- inside brahm be set up on the side of the bed , like a real little boy listen to he mother . Mrs. heelshire stand at the foot of the bed with she back to the doll . by the sound of she voice she 's on the verge of tear -- mrs . heelshire ..- have to happen . it 's time now and we have to go and you have get to be a good boy , brahm . you promise we -- mr . heelshire ( 0.s. ) I apologize for the rush , miss Evans . gerti whip around . Mr. heelshire stand over she ina black suit , look like death go on a holiday . he walk toward the stair , motion for gerti to follow -- mr . heelshire it 's be many year now since we have have a holiday and we be anxious to be off . besides brahm seem to be so fond of you and in this matter he opinion be of the high importance . I only wish we could have show you some of the ... ( more ) 24 . mr . heelshire ( cont 'd ) idiosyncracy of life with a child as unique as we brahm . but you will figure they out , I suppose . I have some thing to help you along . ( pull out papers ) a schedule . Mrs. heelshire take the effort to write one down for each day . again that impossibly perfect handwrite like something out of the 19th century . time 's list from 7:00 a.m. until midnight . from wash cheek to read storey - every hour full of something for brahm . Mr. heelshire hand she another paper . at the top be write '' rule '' under which be a set of rule list 1 through 10 . we note some of they : never leave brahm alone , no guest and goodnight kiss every night . Mr. heelshire almost look embarrassed as he hand they to gerti-- mr . heelshire rule might seem a bit silly , but it 's important that you follow they , miss . brahm be not like other child and he can be ... particular . I be afraid we might have indulge he a bit over the year . entrance - way Mr. heelshire stop - look as if he 's go to cry . he reach out and put a large hand on gertie 's shoulder , then give it a pat , as you would a soldier about to storm the beach at normandy . mr . heelshire I be a bit off today . it 's be so long since we have go anywhere . the Driver come in -- driver all ready then . mr . heelshire ( call up the stair ) it 's time , mother . Mrs. heelshire appear , hold brahm in she arm . tear on she cheek as she slowly descend the stair . one painful step at a time - a kind of sad and bizarre descent to the entrance - way . 25 . she kiss brahm porcelain face one last time and hand he to Mr. heelshire . Mrs. heelshire grab gerti tightly in she arm and whisper into she ear -- mrs . heelshire I be sorry . gerti stand there - accept the hug with a bewilder hug of she own until Mr. heelshire lead Mrs. heelshire towards the door . mr . heelshire come on , dear , it 's time we leave . Mr. heelshire hand brahm to gerti . mr . heelshire be good to he and he 'il be good to you . be bad to he and ... well , be good to he , will not you miss Evans ? mustering a smile -- gerti of course . i’11 treat he like my own . now go and enjoy you vacation . you have nothing to worry about here . all Mr. heelshire can muster be a weak nod . he close the door behind he . the house be suddenly very silent , very big and very empty . gerti wait - listen , until -- the sound of the car drive away . she let 's out a big breath - like she 's be hold it since she arrive . she head to the couch and set brahm down . he stare back at she , that strange little paint smile on he face . that black , dead eye . a beat . finally , gerti can not stand it anymore . she pick up a blanket and toss it over brahm . gerti no offense , but you creep I out . 26 . int . gerti 's room - day chaotic unpack . clothes and magazine everywhere . gerti grab a armful of shirt , jeans and sock out of she suitcase and cram they into a drawer . she turn back to the suitcase and see a well -worn picture it 's she , a bit young , and a man hold hand and smile at the camera . we do not know it yet , but this be cole , the man that gerti 's sister mention . gerti take the picture and shove it in a drawer underneath a heap of underwear and sock . live room - later some british comedy flicker on the tv . gerti eat a pb & J and drink a glass of wine - the dinner of champion . she take a quick , almost guilty glance at brahm , still cover in the blanket , still sit on the chair where she leave he . a laugh track on the tv pull she attention back to the show . gerti giggle along and pour herself another glass of wine ... gerti 's bedroom - night time for bed . gerti , in pajamas , crawl into bed and then reach over and flick off she lamp . a beat . the room be almost completely back . and then we hear gerti stir . the lamp flick back on and gerti get out of the bed and head to -- live room she pull the blanket off brahm . pick he up . brahm 's room gerti toss brahm on to the bed . brahm lay there , he limb akimbo , look like a break toy . 27 . gerti pause , mull something over . finally she walk back over to brahm and lay he out flat . put he hand on he chest like a corpse , think better of it and then put they at he side . finally satisfied she flick off the light and walk out of the room . we hold on brahm . a beat . then another . we be wait for something , maybe wait for he to move , to stand up and follow gerti out of the room ... outside rain start to fall , building from a few gentle beat to a dull roar that carry over to ... gerti 's room - morning gerti stir and then open she eye . lift she head just enough to look around the room - as if she 's remember where she be -- gerti let she head fall back onto the pillow , ready to go back to sleep when she hear something that make she sit back up . a child crying . Big painful sob that be just barely audible above the rain outside . gerti throw the cover off -- hallway gerti step out into the hallway and pause - listen . more crying , even louder now . she follow the sound to -- the stair tiptoes quickly down the stair , closer and closer to the sound of the cry child until she reach -- the family portrait the cry stop . gerti look around . the house be completely still and silent , save for the ever grow rumble of the rain outside . she study the painting of the heelshire family . something seem different . the rip be miss and brahm look almost life - like now . there 's color in he skin and he eye look as though they might blink any second . 28 . gerti can not help but reach out towards the painting , towards brahm 's life - like cheek . the sound of the rain become a roar , until it 's almost deafen . gerti be about to touch brahm 's cheek when -- woosh ! brahm reach out of the painting ! grab gerti . his eye go black . his skin go white as porcelain . gerti scream ! tries to jerk away , but brahm hang on , pull she into the painting , she own skin go porcelain white , she eye go completely black as we -- CUT to : gerti 's bedroom - morning gerti wake up in bed , still scream and fight off some invisible foe until she realize -- it be a dream . just a dream . she look around the room , breathe hard as the memory give way to reality . the sound of rain come down -- gerti Jesus ... then something that make she blood run cold . the sound of crying . Soft sob , barely audible above the wind and rain outside . gerti freeze and listen . a beat . maybe it be nothing . and then ... more crying . gerti throw the cover off -- hallway just like in she dream gerti stop and listen . but the sob be go now , replace by the thousand tiny drumbeat of the rain . gerti look towards brahm 's room and , almost against she will , walk toward it -- 29 . brahm 's room brahm be just as she leave he . but now something glisten on he cheek . gerti move in closer . the floor creak mercilessly with every step . gerti bend down , she face close to brahm . the rain rumbling outside . tear running down brahm 's cheek . gerti reach out and touch he cheek as one of the tear run down he porcelain face . as soon as she touch it - feel its wetness - she suck in a breath , make a sound somewhere in between surprise and a stifle scream -- a drop of water fall with a splat on brahm 's face . gerti look up on the ceiling a large brown stain from water damage . a drip of water hang , close to fall and then - drip - another drop splashes down on brahm . gerti let out a big sigh of relief -- gerti come on , gert . you first week and you be already crack up . ext . heelshire manor - day a rat make its way along the outside of the house . it stop , sniff at something and move on to -- a rat trap the rat circle the bait , sniff . then , quickly , move in and -- SNAP ! the trap snap down on the rat . a squeal . the rat struggle and then go silent . Dead ... 30 . int . live room - day gerti flip through the channel . News report . comedy . commercial . she keep flipping until , finally , she just turn it off . gerti look around , completely bored and restless - look for some new way to distract herself ... int . mr. and mrs . heelshire 's room - day gerti tip -toe into they room , as if someone might catch she snooping . go to the dresser . open it slowly , quietly . full of underwear . open another . full of shirt . the next one . pant . if this people take anything , it do not look like it . next to the dresser be a long pole with a hook on the end of it . gerti hold it , not sure what to make of it . put it down again . she go to the night stand by the bed . pick up a old look picture frame . the kind that might hold a family photo , but this one be empty . gerti well , at least that 's not weird at all . open the drawer in the night stand . just one thing . a envelope . it 's unseal . a beat . gerti look around the room . not sure if she should open it . she poke a finger in the envelope , pull out the content a little . '' last will and testament '' write at the top -- a flash of something - or someone - pass by in the hallway . gerti look up , a second too late . but she feel it - a shiver pass through she . she look back down at the will . not exactly the kind of snooping she be hope for . stuff it back in the envelope ... hallway gerti head toward she room when , for some reason , she look up . a attic door 31 . the type in the ceiling that you pull down . she backtrack to the heelshire 's room . re-appear with the hook - pole . she hook the ring on the door and pull . it do not budge . she rest for a beat , then really tug on it . this thing be not move . she give up . toss the hook into brahm 's room and walk back into she own room . bathroom - later a bubble bath . gerti read a magazine . turn the water on with she toe for a second and then turn it off . she hum some poppy - sounding song and turn the page as ... the SOUND of a phone ringing on the other side of the line carry over to ... int . gerti 's room - night gerti 's bury under the cover , only she head stick out , the phone stick to she ear . the other line ring and ring and no one pick up . finally she sister 's voice - mail kick in : sandy ( voice mail ) hey ya ’all , this be Sandra . leave a message ... or do not . beep . gerti Sandra , it 's I again . I do not know what time it be . I still have not figure out the whole time difference thing . maybe you be asleep . maybe you be at work ... she pause , think of what to say next -- gerti call I . soon . I be lonely . and this house be creepy . and send more magazine . I have read all mine . especially any with Ryan gosl . a beat . gerti do not want to get off the phone -- 32 . gerti I want to come home , Sandy . and then she hang up . gerti stare at the phone for a beat . she pick it up quickly and dial . it ring and then a man 's voice answer . man' voice hello ? hello ? gerti do not say a word . man' voice who be this ? a beat . then the voice change , become softer , more intimate . the way you might speak to a girlfriend -- man' voice gerti ? be that you ? if this be you I just want to say I -- gerti practically slam the phone down - rush to hang - up before the man get another word out . she stare at the phone for a beat ... ext . the heelshire cottage - day another gray English day . heavy cloud stack along the horizon . the next storm on its way . gerti walk down the long gravel drive - way to the mailbox flip it open , peer inside . empty . disappointed , she flip it close and start the long trudge back to the lonely cottage when -- a truck turn down the driveway and pull up along side she . malcolm roll down the window , smile : malcolm need a lift ? 33 . int . kitchen - day gerti put grocery away , mostly can goods . malcolm be just around the corner , pull the tupperware container out of the freezer and put they into a trash bag . gerti peak around the corner at he before stuff yet another can of food in the pantry -- gerti I be wonder about that freezer . malcolm Mrs. heelshire 's order . everything get throw out every two week . gerti so all that food just go to waste ? malcolm hold up a empty tupperware container -- malcolm not all of it . Mr. heelshire eat a few of they . he 's always be the less strict one about all of this . gerti you could have warn I , you know . malcolm and ruin the surprise ? gerti thanks . malcolm how be the two of you get along ? gerti hold up a jar of peanut butter and a jar of jelly before shove they into the cupboard -- gerti like peanut butter and jelly . ( beat ) so , I have to ask -- malcolm come around the corner with he garbage bag of tupperware . malcolm yes , I be single . believe it or not . off gerti 's look -- 34 . malcolm what 's up with the doll ? gerti yeah . malcolm not the happiest story , I be afraid . they have a real son once . a real brahm . he die as a child . they move here not long after and build this house . they never go out much - maybe because of the look they get when they go into town with this doll . and the last few year - I be not sure they leave the house at all . it 's all harmless , though , this little world they have make . a way to cope . I can not imagine how difficult it must be to lose a child . gerti how long ago do brahm - the real brahm - die ? malcolm he would be older than I now , I suppose . 30 or so year ago ? gerti they have live like this for 30 year ? malcolm nod -- malcolm and they have be look for a nanny for the last seven . you must be a special lady , gertrude Evans . gerti smile - something about the way he say she name . she look at he , really look at he for the first time . not a bad look guy -- gerti nobody call I gertrude . malcolm smile - see he chance . malcolm you be probably go mad in this house , yeah ? it might be good to get out . I could take you to town , if you have like . show you the world - famous norwich nightlife . 35 . gerti I do not know . I just get out of a... a thing . malcolm well , this be not a thing . I can assure you of that . this be a professional courtesy see as we be employ by the same people . it 's a duty be what it be . in 1ll take no pleasure in it whatsoever , I promise . gerti laugh . gerti okay . malcolm yeah ? gerti yeah . int . brahm 's room - night Light spill in from the hallway . on the bed be a pot fill with water from the leak . the rain have let up , but the leak continue . drip . drip . pushed unceremoniously aside be brahm , turn on he side so he 's face toward we . in the shadow of the room he know smile have take on a sort of demonic air . we can hear gerti in the next room talking on the phone . she laugh , walk across the room with light , happy step , as we -- begin to pull slowly - almost carefully - out of the room , leave brahm alone . he continue to stare at we - through we - with that eye that suddenly seem almost alive while the smile on he face become more and more menace ... int . gerti 's room - night gerti brace the phone between she cheek and shoulder , then zip up the back of a sexy black dress . 36 . sister ( on the phone ) be it a date ? looking in the mirror gerti spin - check out she backside and frown . she unzip the back . gerti no . it 's not a date . it 's professional . sister professional ? you be not a hooker now , be you ? gerti ha. ha. hold on . gerti put the phone down and pull the dress off . she open the closet door - where the mirror be attach - and find another dress to try . she slip on a white dress and pick the phone back up . gerti I mean he work for the same family I work for . we be like co-worker . not buy it -- sister hm . be you wear that white dress ? gerti do a spin . not too bad . she pour herself a little more wine and take a drink , pose in the mirror . gerti what ? sister the white dress . you be wear it right now , be not you ? obviously lie -- gerti no . sister and you be drink wine ? gerti 's about to take a drink of wine and stop . 37 . gerti how do you know all this ? sister because I be you sister . and I know you go - on - a- date routine . gerti it 's not a date . I just do not want to look like a hobo . besides I -- gerti see -- in the mirror brahm sit in the crack of the doorway . his gaze fix on she . gerti let out a yelp . turn around to the door , drop she glass of wine in the process . Glass shatter . wine spray all over the white dress -- brahm stare back at she , that mysterious slight smile on he face . gerti push the door open . storm past brahm and into the hallway she look up and down . no one in sight . everything quiet and as normal as this house get -- gerti hello ? the only sound be gerti 's sister 's panicked voice on the phone -- sister gerti ! be you there !? gerti ? gerti move to the top of the stair . gerti hello ? be somebody here ? silence , save the phone -- gerti walk back to brahm sit innocently in the doorway . she stare at he for a second try to figure it all out . 38 . then she give he a good kick , send brahm slide down to the end of the hallway where he end up sprawle against the wall . int . gerti 's room gerti grab the phone from the break glass and wine -- gerti Sandra ? sister gerti !? Jesus ! you scared I to death . be you okay ? she look in the mirror . her white dress cover in drop of red wine . she grab the black dress -- gerti yeah . it be brahm . sister who ? gerti bra --... the doll . nevermind . this house . I be just feel a little stir crazy be all . int . bathroom the rush of the water as the shower be turn on . steam billow out of the shower curtain . gerti study she face in the mirror . she make a sexy face , then stick she tongue out . gerti you be a weird girl , gert . she hang the black dress on the towel rod beside the mirror . then slip off she white wine -stain dress and let it fall to the floor . finally she take off the angel necklace , set it on the sink , the chain hang off the side ... shower - later her body be just barely visible as a silhouette through the shower curtain . steam have cover the mirror and fill the bathroom . 39 . gerti start to sing softly to herself as a unseen presence pull she dress down from the towel rod . silently tug the angel necklace down from the sink ... bathroom - later look into a foggy abyss . with a swipe of a hand gerti clear a area of mirror . she 's in a towel now . look at she face in the mirror . reaches out , without look , for she dress . her hand touch bare metal . gerti look over - the towel rack be empty . hallway watery footprint as gerti walk down the hallway , naked . she open the door to she room - but pause for a second to look at -- brahm still crumpled in the corner of the hallway where she kick he . she shake she head , as if to shake away the though that maybe - just maybe ... bedroom the light flick on . gerti gasp -- the clothes that be everywhere be go . the underwear flung on the night stand , the jeans throw on the bed , the sea of dress lay on the floor . all of it go . all gerti can manage to get out -- gerti no . gerti lift a pillow gently , she hand shaking . nothing . pull open a drawer . empty . panic . she whip open the closet door . empty hanger and stack of box . gerti tear a box open . another . she toss they one by one . check she luggage - nothing in that either . 40 . she look daze , as she walk slowly out of the closet and past the open hallway - door and out of we view . then , as if in slow - mo rewind she walk back , stare straight through we at : hallway the attic stair descend . wait for she ... gerti rip a sheet off the bed , wrap it around herself . then step up to the stair , stare into the darkness of the attic . gerti I know you be up there ! I have call the police ! silence . gerti you better come down right now , you pervert ! the wind pick up outside . the window shake and rattle . the house groans -- gerti I have a gun ! a big fuck gun ! and I be from Texas , I know how to use it ! she look around the empty house . then to brahm crumpled in the corner . gerti ( to herself ) do not go up there . go into you room and lock the door . as if against she will , she take a step on the first rung . gerti do not do this , gert . another step ... gerti do not take another step ... but she do ... gerti stop . call somebody ... 41 . she take one more step and pause . now , if she step on she tippy - toe she can just see into the attic . she lift herself up , slowly , slowly , just enough to peek into the pitch black attic -- gerti I know you be up there ! whoosh ! the stair raise underneath she . gerti scream as she 's throw into -- the attic Black . we eye have not adjust yet . the only sound be gerti 's breathing , come fast and loud . then another sound - something in the hallway below . soft step . like a child - or a doll - walk carefully ... we eye adjust and now we can see gerti grop in the darkness . a light from a car outside illuminate the room , make the shadow shift and move . gerti crawl to one of the small port- like window . outside malcolm 's truck . he get out , move toward the door -- gerti malcolm ! help ! malcolm ! she slam she fist against the window - wild with fear , scream for help . downstair she hear more step - this time move quickly through the house . gerti slam on the window and the wall with she fist , while outside malcolm walk around the house , look in window for any sign of gerti . gerti 42 . race through the dark attic , trip on box , fight she way through the maze of shadow , tug to keep the sheet on she . she find what she be look for - the break leg of a table . she stumble back to the window -- gerti malcolm ! slam ! she swing the table leg against the window as hard as she can . the window hold . she swing again - this time the table leg snap in half . the window 's thicker than coke bottle glass . outside malcolm stand next to he truck , look confuse . he give the horn a couple of honk -- gerti slam on the glass . scream , panicked -- gerti malcolm ! up here ! malcolm ! but he can not hear she ... gerti continue scream and beat on the wall as malcolm climb into he truck -- gerti turn back to the room - look for some way to get malcolm 's attention or escape . head toward a dark corner of the room . move quickly through the sea of box and random object and then run right into a figure obscure by the darkness . gerti scream , stumble back into a stack of box , trip and fall , hit she head . she do not move . knocked out cold , the sheet half - drape over she ... ext . heelshire manor - morning the sun rise behind the cottage . the storm have pass , the gray cloud have lift . no sign of the terror that rage in the night ... 43. int . the attic - morning Light spill through the window , catch the dust that twist and turn like spirit . the attic be fill with fire - damage furniture . blacken wood chair . a half - burnt painting . a fire -melt lamp . something stir in a corner . gerti open she eye . reaches a hand up and touch a big bump on she head . she grimace in pain , sit up with a groan . next to she be the figure she run into in the dark . a dressing mannequin knock on its side . this too , blacken by some past fire . behind the mannequin be a large painting , just like the one downstairs with Mr. and Mrs. heelshire - but in this one it 's not a doll they be pose with , it 's a real boy . the real brahm . just beyond the painting a box have be overturn , spilling its content across the floor . various baby and toddler clothes , a pair of very small shoe and a photo album gerti open the first page . various picture of a baby , brahm , and the heelshire in much happier , much more normal time . turn the page . brahm as a toddler , hold the doll brahm . the same one that gerti now care for . gerti look through more picture . brahm smile at the camera . brahm open birthday present . brahm show a miss tooth . all normal picture , except in each one the doll be there . gerti turn another page . brahm as a young boy . maybe eight . the smile be go . a pale , unhappy boy stare at the camera . in most of the picture he hold the doll over he face . gerti turn the page again . only one picture . the only one without the doll . a little girl ( 8 ) look unhappily at the camera while brahm stare at she . the little girl have blond hair . freckle . could easily pass as gerti 's daughter - or maybe a picture of gerti as a little girl . 44 , gerti flip through the rest of the book . empty . it stop there . that 's when gerti notice -- the attic door it 's open . gerti peer down the step . put a foot on the top-most rung and then quickly pull it back up . gerti ( to herself ) now you be scared ? a beat . gerti think of something , move through the attic . pick up the break chair leg . the only weapon she can find . she stand back at the top of the stair , hold the leg of the chair . adjust the sheet she 's wear . gerti I be come down ! I be warning you I be armed ! she summon she courage . slowly , slowly , step . one step . the next . then one more , all just as slowly as the first , until she reach the floor . and there , wait for she , be a pile of her clothes . int . hallway - later the attic stair be still down . malcolm walk around they , examine . give they a tap with a broom handle . gerti , clothed now , stand back a few foot and watch . malcolm give the stair another tap . this one a bit harder . then again and -- woosh ! slam ! the attic stair slam close like the spring on a rat trap . malcolm look at gerti-- malcolm well , that 's one mystery solve . CUT to : 45 . hallway - later gerti wait nervously in the hallway . arm cross , maybe because of the cold , maybe out of fright . we can hear malcolm in the room , move thing around -- malcolm ( 0.s. ) nothing under the bed bar on the window be still solid ... gerti give a quick glance down the hallway to brahm sitting up now . hand in he lap like a real , little boy . he 's stare directly at gerti , almost as if he 's watch she -- malcolm say something from in the room -- gerti turn she attention back to the room . just as she turn she head , she catch sight of brahm out of the corner of she eye as he blink . or at least it look like he do . gerti do a double- take . brahm sit there , motionless , inert , harmless - stare back at she with big , black , lifeless eye ... malcolm ( 0.s. ) ... closet 's clear ... malcolm walk out of the room . gerti snap out of she stare contest with brahm . malcolm that 's the last room . the house be clear . gerti someone be in here , I know it . malcolm the door be lock when I get here , there 's bar on the window and I have check every nook and cranny in this very lovely and very large home . I be not sure what else I can do ... gerti but my clothes ... 46 . gerti look down - a bit confuse and embarrassed . could she really have imagine all this ? malcolm you know , I use to sleep - walk as a boy . one night my parent find I outside in my pajamas wash my bike with my sister 's bra . as you can imagine my therapist have a really good time talk about that one . gerti can not help but laugh a little -- gerti I do not know ... maybe I be sleep -walk . but she do not look very convinced - or comfort . gerti 's look be not lose on malcolm -- malcolm I could stay a bit longer if you want . just make sure that we do not have some very polite burglar on we hand here . come in , take nothing and then lock up after himself when he leave . gerti 's face : yes , yes , yes ! gerti no . I feel silly enough already . and I do not want to inconvenience you ... malcolm it 's really no problem . I be here . just say the word . I could even cook you dinner if you have like . gerti I could not ask you to do that ... malcolm so yes ? gerti if it 's a hassle or -- malcolm yes ? gerti smile -- gerti yes. 47 . int . dine room - later gerti sit at the table - a plate and fork in front of she . malcolm burst out of the kitchen hold a baking dish full of steaming food . malcolm ta-da ! he set the baking - dish down revealing what look like hot - dog place in a kind of uncook dough . not exactly appetizing . malcolm toad-in-the-hole . just like my mother use to make it . gerti toad ? malcolm scoops some out and put it on gerti 's plate . malcolm not to worry . just a name . we food 's so bland , we have be force to give it exotic sounding name to make it more exciting . if we would invent the hamburger we would have call it '' the gleaming jewel of ipswich sandwich '' or something . he sit down and watch gerti take she first bite . gerti take a bite and chew cautiously -- malcolm and ...? gerti look a little surprised -- gerti not bad . malcolm '' not bad '' . the high compliment a british chef can receive . kitchen - later gerti scrape the remain food into a big tupperware dish . it 's the one rule hand down from the heelshire she actually follow . she hand the scrape dish to malcolm who wash they in the sink . 48. gerti you really do not have to do that . malcolm it 's no trouble . you will owe I , of course . gerti owe you one ? how about a high - five and I tell you you frog-in- the - cave be delicious . malcolm toad-in-the-hole . and I be afraid a high - five 's not go to cover it . I believe you still owe I a night on the town . gerti 's about to reply when - from somewhere upstairs -- two loud creak like step . the kind we dismiss as a house '' settling '' . both gerti and malcolm look up at the ceiling and then at each other , eye big . malcolm well , I be glad this be not a big , empty creepy house or that would have be a little spooky , yeah ? gerti smile -- gerti yeah . they both return to clean up -- malcolm so about this night on the town ... gerti I ’1ll make you a deal ? I go out on the town with you in exchange for a little information . malcolm sound easy enough . gerti tell I more about brahm . a shift in malcolm 's face - obviously not a subject he want to talk about . 49 . malcolm I tell you about all I know . gerti wow. malcolm what ? gerti that be truly a terrible poker face . like one of the worst ever . malcolm smile - a serious kind of smile , as if he know he 's be catch and do not like what 's come next . malcolm okay . what do you want to know ? gerti how do he die ? malcolm let a dish settle underneath the soapy water . dry he hand , give full attention to gerti . malcolm first , you need to know that norwich tend to have two kind of talk . polite talk and pub talk . and the truth be usually somewhere in between . gerti so what 's the polite talk ? malcolm that it 's no one 's business but the heelshire 's . gerti and the pub talk ? malcolm that there be a car crash . or that brahm be sick . I have even hear people say that the heelshire 's kill he . which be rubbish . I have know they most of my life and there 's no gentler , kinder , more decent people in all of England . a beat . gerti be not exactly sure she want to keep go anymore . 50 . gerti and the truth . malcolm a few year ago I come out here to make a delivery . it be brahm birthday - or would have be . Mrs. heelshire be in the live room , open present with the doll . Mr. heelshire be in here , off - he -pickle drunk . I come in and he 's mumble to himself , just kind of low and sad , about how he can not do it anymore . I tell he I ’1l1 come back another time , but he say , '' no , come in . sit down . have a drink with I . '' so I do . we get a couple of drink in just chat about the weather and so on and I finally get the courage to ask he . how do brahm , the real brahm die ? he look at I . kind of shake he head as if even he do not know anymore . and he say , '' can a boy die of shyness ? '' and I tell he , '' I suppose he could . '' '' then that 's what it be , '' he say . and then he excuse himself and say he have better get to the birthday party or he be go to catch hell from the missus . so I guess , maybe , that 's as close to a answer as any of we be ever go to get . creeeaaaaak . thud . the house settling ... malcolm and gerti look up at the ceiling and then back down at each other . gerti not spooky at all . malcolm nope. int . bathroom - later gerti stand in front of the mirror , brush she tooth when -- in the mirror something flash behind she - maybe just a shadow flicker across the hallway -- gerti 51 . spin around and look into the darken hallway . nothing . just silence and shadow ... hallway - continuous gerti turn toward she room when she stop . brahm sit in he same spot at the edge of the hall . gerti quickly disappear into he room and , just as quickly , re-emerges with a blanket . gerti toss the blanket over brahm , careful to make sure that brahm 's blank stare be cover . the SOUND of women 's voice carry over to ... int . gerti 's bedroom - night gerti 's in bed , a magazine open in front of she , the phone press to she ear -- sandy ..- how do you know this guy be safe ? gerti he 's a family friend of the heelshire 's . sandy oh , so a family friend of the freaky people who pretend a doll be they dead son ? that sound very safe to I . gerti he do not have to come out here and check the house . or make I dinner . sandy how can you still be so naive ? he 's try to get in you pants , gert . Men will do whatever it take to sleep with you . gerti he 's not like that . he 's nice . he make dinner , do the dish and go home . a perfect gentleman . sandy you watch . you will wake up in the middle of the night and he ’1ll be stand over you in one of you dress with lipstick smear all over he face . 52 . gerti laugh -- sandy I be serious , gert . there be bad people in this world , you should know that better than most . speak of bad people ... gerti 's whole body go rigid -- a beat . sandy .»..- Cole have be after I non-stop . he even show up at my work a couple of time . sandy I give he you address . I be sorry . I just do not know what to do . he come by the house when I be not there and the kid be alone and he just would not let up with the call and the ... another beat . sandy he say he just want to send you a letter . I be sorry , gert . I really be , but I can not have he around my family . gerti it 's fine . I can handle it . I be sorry I drag you into this . sandy when the letter come , just promise I you will tear it up , okay ? do not even look at it . gerti speak , but it 's almost as if she 's in some kind of daze now , as if she 's speak to no one in particular -- gerti of course . sandy promise I . gerti I promise . 53. sandy good . I have to get the kid up for school . Morgan have a field trip to the zoo today . you take care of yourself , you hear I , gerti ? gerti I will . sandy and gerti ...? gerti yeah ? sandy I love you . gerti I love you too . click . the phone hang up on the other end of the line . gerti continue to hold the phone to she ear for a beat , think . another click . as if a second phone be hang up or maybe pick up -- gerti hello ? hello ? silence . gerti hang up the phone . a look of concern on she face as she set it on the side- table ... ext . heelshire manor - morning a gray , foggy morning . int . gerti 's bedroom - morning gerti 's still half - asleep . crawl out of bed -- the hallway and trip over something . she look down and see -- shoe the same shoe she lose on she first day . underneath the shoe be a small stack of papers . gerti lift they up -- brahm 's rule 54 . '' never leave brahm alone '' have be circle in red crayon . gerti look at the next page - the schedule , start with Tuesday . today . on gerti the hair stand up on the back of she neck . and then she see something that make she go cold -- the hallway be empty . no blanket . no brahm . gerti let the papers fall from she hand ... brahm 's room gerti peek in and see : brahm lay peacefully in a perfectly make bed , just like Mrs. heelshire would do it . brahm be face up , one hand by he side , one hand on he chest , just like a real little boy might sleep . gerti 's bedroom the door slam . gerti lock it . grab the phone and dial . put the phone up to she ear and ... nothing . it 's dead . gerti hello ?! she turn the phone on and the off again . still dead -- gerti shit ... gerti move quickly . shove the dresser in front of the door . then she back away to the opposite wall , hold the phone in front of she like some kind of weapon ... ext . heelshire manor - evening the sun slowly disappear behind a shield of grey cloud on the horizon . night fall ... 55 . int . gerti 's bedroom - night .-.. and gerti be still in the same place . wait . eye still on the door . without make a sound she raise the phone to she ear again , listen . still dead . at the door -- tap . tap . like little porcelain finger tapping on the door . gerti malcolm ? no answer . gerti hello ? gerti quietly move to the door , still block by the dresser . she listen again . silence . she slowly , quietly slide the dresser aside . get down on all four and peer underneath the door there 's something there , it 's hard to tell what it be . gerti stand , unlock the door . carefully , silently open it and peek -- hallway a peanut- butter and jelly sandwich sit just outside the door . a glass of wine beside it . the papers , rule and schedule , underneath it . gerti close the door again . lock it . she 's breathe hard now . scare . tire . hungry . she have that look on she face . what do I do ? 56 . hallway the door open . gerti peek out . then take a step out . she pick up the sandwich . smell it . open it up . just peanut butter and jelly . she pick up the papers stack neatly underneath the plate ... int . brahm room - continuous gerti stand over brahm . he lay there , the little smile on he face . gerti look at he and then the papers . she notice something on the list : bath time . gerti look at brahm again . dirt smudge on he porcelain face . come to some decision -- gerti okay , brahm ... CUT to : int . bathroom - day brahm sit in the bath while gerti gently wipe the dust and dirt off of he little porcelain face and hand . dine room - later brahm and gerti sit directly across from each other . plates of food in front of they . gerti eat , never take she eye off of brahm . almost in a whisper -- gerti brahm ? silence . gerti be you there ? can you hear I ? she wave she hand in front of he face . nothing . 57 . gerti just give I some kind of sign . a blink . or move or whatever you do , just let I know that you can hear I . gerti look up at the ceiling - call out in she best spirit medium voice -- gerti if there be a spirit in this house ... um ... let you presence be know . beat . same voice -- gerti Spirit come forth into the land of the live . give , uh , upon I a sign . a long , silent beat . brahm remain perfectly still , the same half - smile look on he face . finally gerti stand up . she take she dish . walk around the table and pick up brahm 's untouched plate . pause behind brahm . gerti raaaah ! she scream directly into brahm ear . he do not flinch . do not move . gerti stand there , embarrassed . look around as if someone might be watch and then gather herself and continue into the kitchen as if nothing happen ... live room classical music be blasting . gerti and brahm sit side by side on the couch . the music be so loud gerti have she finger in she ear . she take one finger out just long enough to turn a page in she magazine ... int . brahm 's room - night gerti tuck brahm into he bed . she turn off he light and stand there for a moment . under the moonlight he almost look like a real little boy . a flash of tenderness on gerti 's face . she soften . relaxes for the first time . 58 . gerti bend down and kiss brahm lightly on the cheek . then leave the room , close the door behind she ... hallway gerti turn to walk to she room . stop . something suddenly occur to she . reverse course and walk to -- mr . and mrs . heelshire 's room gerti head directly to the bedside table . open the drawer and take out the envelope . she sit down on the bed . wait a moment . maybe building up courage . then pull out the content . '' last will and testament '' write at the top . lower on the page gerti find what she be look for . the type word '' conservator of the heelshire estate and fortune '' follow by a blank underline portion that 's be fill in with Mrs. heelshire 's perfect handwrite with two word : gertrude Evans ext . beach cabin - dawn the rain come down in sheet . a small bare cabin the same color of the sand and driftwood surround it . thick fog move like ghost across the land . we can just hear the sound of the ocean wave above the rain .. int . cabin the first page of a letter sit on the table in front of Mrs. heelshire . she 's busy now , write the second . we pass over the first page , catch snippet here and there , thing like : '' ... can not bare to live with what we allow you to become '' and '' gerti be you doll now , yours to love and care for . . '' we move across the table to the letter Mrs. heelshire be finish the letter . she write , '' May God forgive we all '' and then '' Love always , mother '' . Mr. heelshire put a hand on Mrs. heelshire 's shoulder -- 59 . mr . heelshire it 's time mother . Mrs. heelshire nod sadly . stuff the letter into a envelope . ext . cabin Mr. and Mrs. heelshire walk down a gravel path to a post - box . Mrs. heelshire reach into she jacket pocket , produce a letter . we get a quick look at it , Mrs. heelshire 's distinctive write - address to brahm . Mrs. heelshire stuff it in the mailbox and lift the letter flag . then she and Mr. heelshire join hand and continue they walk ... ext . ocean beach - morning they make they way slowly down the beach . Mr. heelshire stop , pick up a couple of large-ish stone . one he put in the pocket of he heavy winter jacket . the other he hand to Mrs. heelshire who put it in the pocket of she own jacket . this continue - the couple stop and pick up stone every couple of foot - until they reach the edge of the sea . Mr. heelshire take Mrs. heelshire 's hand in he . then the couple - hand in hand - walk straight toward the sea . the ice-cold water rush against they foot , rise up to they ankle and then the sea foam be up to they knee and they keep walk , bend over to push themselves into the wave -- Mrs. heelshire struggle against the wave until they reach up to she neck . a large swell hit the couple and Mrs. heelshire disappear . Mr. heelshire struggle on . another wave and Mr. heelshire , too , disappear . and then it 's as if they be never there - just the beat of the wave on the sand and the rain erase any trace of they footprint ... ext . hallway - morning something golden glimmer in front of gerti 's door ... the door 60 . open . walk out and see a golden necklace a antique . expensive look . diamond decorate a large gold pendant . a gift from brahm . brahm 's room - continuous gerti stand in the doorway . look at brahm , sit under the cover just as she leave he . she look down at the necklace in she hand . then slip it in she pocket and lift brahm up . then , for the first time , speak to brahm as if he be a real , live little boy . tenderly , motherly -- gerti wake - up , sweet -heart . time for breakfast ... int . entrance way - day the sound of talking . at first it almost sound like two people talk . we push through the house to the live room gerti and brahm sit side by side on the floor . a stack of record in front of they . gerti flip through they -- gerti classical...classical...classical ... liberace . I be not sure what kind of music that be . we really need to get you some new music , brahm . how do that sound ? gerti pause , look at brahm for some kind of reaction . malcolm ( 0.s. ) how about some reo speedwagon ? gerti just about jump out of she skin . malcolm stand just inside the room . he smile -- malcolm sorry . reo speedwagon be a bit scary . maybe we will start with something a bit milder . maybe some wham ? 61 . gerti laugh . malcolm hold up some mail - a few bill and the letter to brahm . a flash of worry on gerti 's face -- gerti anything for I ? malcolm ' fraid not . gerti you can put it in the mail vase . gerti motion toward a large vase fill with various piece of mail -- malcolm mail vase . very classy . malcom drop the mail in . we can see the letter from Mrs. heelshire stuff in with the rest ... int . kitchen - day brahm be position carefully at the table . a sandwich and a glass of milk sit untouched in front of he . malcolm give the whole set - up a scrutinize look before he put away a can of bean . gerti pack the fridge with vegetable . malcolm I see you and brahm be get on . gerti look up from the fridge and smile - one of that mysterious , inside joke kind of smile . gerti yeah . gerti go back to she work . malcolm watch she for a beat , aware that something strange be go on , but not quite sure what it be ... malcolm I think I might take you up on that night - on- the-town offer . dinner . drink . Dancing . i'11l have you know I be a legend in this part for my dance move . not because they be good , mind you - but a legend 's a legend . 62 . gerti I do not think I should . malcolm I be afraid I can not take no for a answer . if I let you return to America without ever show you more than this dreary mansion I will not be able to forgive myself . gerti I really should not leave , brahm ... malcolm be that all it be then ? let 's ask he , yeah ? I be sure he will not mind . malcolm walk over to brahm -- malcolm ( cont ’d ) brahm , you , old sod , would you mind terribly if I take the lovely miss Evans out for a night on the town ? as brahm -- malcolm ( cont ’d ) why of course not . I have be hope she have get out of the house . I need a little privacy . think I 'il watch telly . take a nice bubble bath . have a little brahm 's time . gerti watch - not amused . her hand clench . malcolm , oblivious , continue he routine . now he switch to a senor wence impression -- malcolm ( cont ’d ) be alright ? s‘alright . he hold up brahm 's hand and give himself a high five . gerti can not take anymore . gerti ( a little too loud ) stop ! malcolm freeze . then let 's out a uncomfortable laugh . malcolm I be just joke -- 63 . malcolm give brahm a couple of knock on the head , as if to emphasize he 's just porcelain . gerti rush over , re-adjust he , put he hand back where they be -- gerti just do not . do not touch he . malcolm I be sorry ... i... and for once malcolm do not have the word . ext . heelshire manor - day malcolm get into he truck he sit there a moment , look at the heelshire manor , a kind of '' what the hell just happen '' look on he face . a curtain move in a upstairs window , as if someone be peek on he , watch ... malcolm do not see it . start up he truck -- malcolm crazy bloody american ... the rest be just grumble as he drive away . int . classroom - afternoon it 's turn into a beautiful day . afternoon sunlight spill through the window illuminate the thin veil of dust hang in the air . brahm be seat at he desk while gerti stand at the podium read from some child 's book in a loud , clear voice - just as she be instruct by Mrs. heelshire . the phone ring in another room . gerti pause - just long enough to let it register . ring . ring . then she continue read while the phone ring and ring ... 64 . int . gerti 's bedroom - night gerti lay on she bed , talk on the phone . brahm be propped next to she -- sandy I have be try to call you all week . I be about to call the booby . gerti the booby ? sandy the british police . you be lucky Rick talk I out of it . gerti it 's bobby , Sandy . sandy I do not care what they be call . you can not just stop answer you phone . I worry about you . gerti I be sorry , there be a , uh ... a problem with the phone . sandy be it fix now ? you can not be out there with no phone . gerti look at brahm -- gerti yeah , everything 's fine now . sandy be you sure you be okay ? you sound , I do not know . you just sound different . as if realize it for the first time -- gerti yeah . I be good . a sigh on the other end of the line - as if Sandy do not quite buy it -- sandy well , in two month you will be back here and everything will be back to normal . gerti look less than happy about it -- 65 . gerti yeah ... int . dine room - day lunchtime . brahm sit at the table alone . we push in on brahm 's face . it almost look like he expression be change - ever so slightly - from that mysterious half - smile to something darker and more sinister ... gerti ( 0.s. ) I do not know what kind of food you like , but until you say otherwise it 's sandwich city for you . gerti emerge from the kitchen with a sandwich and a glass of milk . she 's smile , happy - at home . gerti set the plate down in front of brahm . gerti so what do you feel like do today ? how about we forget the schedule and do something fun ? hide - and -seek ? play some checker ? maybe go for a walk outside ? a beat . gerti wait . gerti no? okay . well , we will stick to the schedule then . we follow gerti as she walk back into -- the kitchen she start make another sandwich for herself . gerti I gotta be honest with you , brahm . this schedule thing be get to I . I do not see how you do it . same thing every day . not leave this house . I ’ma girl that need a little spontaneity . I just can not do the same thing everyday . I need adventure . I need surprise . I might need to get out of the house for a couple of day here ... we follow gerti back into the 66 . dine room gerti freeze , she mouth hang open . brahm be go . the chair push back and away from the table . gerti look around the room -- gerti brahm ? ext . heelshire manor - day truck tire come to a skid stop in the gravel driveway . malcolm jump out of the truck . practically run up to the front door . the door swing open and there 's gerti , wild - eye and half - crazy look . gerti I ...uh ... i. he. brahm . he just . gerti start laughing - somewhere in between hysterical and joyous . gather herself -- gerti you be not go to believe this . int . heelshire manor - stair gerti race up the stair , malcolm struggle to keep up -- gerti I need someone to see it too . so I would know I be not crazy . malcolm to see what too ? gerti suddenly stop - look at malcolm beam happily -- gerti he 's alive . a beat . malcolm do not get it -- malcolm who 's alive ? 67 . gerti brahm . malcolm brahm be alive ? gerti maybe not alive . I do not know . he 's ... something . gerti start up the stair again -- malcolm brahm 's gerti 's circle malcolm gerti you just have to see it . pause before follow she -- malcolm ( to himself ) Christ ... room on she hand and knee wiping chalk line and off of the floor . brahm be seat on the bed . stand in the doorway look more than a little uncomfortable . he go to talk and then do not . start again . stop again ... malcolm be you sure you be feel alright ? gerti I know you must think I be crazy . I would think the same thing . she scrub at the floor -- gerti I have to erase this , so you do not think I be cheating -- malcolm I do not think you be cheating . no worry there . ( to himself ) I think you have go completely fuck mad 's what I think ... gerti stand up smile . 68 . gerti come inside . look around . malcolm step inside the room cautiously . look around . malcolm what be it , exactly , that I be look for ? gerti make sure there 's no one here . it 's just brahm . take nothing for grant -- malcolm um ...we be here . gerti smile at he - a big joyous , or maybe , insane smile . it 's hard to tell -- gerti but we will not be . she set brahm on the floor and then carefully draw a circle around he . gerti ( cont 'd ) I use the chalk because sometimes he do not move very much and it 's hard to tell . I know I have to be scientific about it . I even measure it at first . I do not want any doubt when it happen . she stand again . stare straight into malcolm 's eye . gerti ( cont 'd ) this be something ... she shake she head , like there 's not a word big enough -- gerti +..this be something . all malcolm can do be nod . hallway gerti close the door to brahm 's room . gerti and malcolm walk into -- 69 . gerti 's room disaster . clothes everywhere . they have to walk over they just to get in . malcolm look around , lift up clothes as if look for clue to the tragedy unfold before he -- gerti I could not figure it out before . there be this strange thing go on . Little thing . sound . a necklace . my shoe that I lose . she give the wall two knock - as if a signal -- gerti ( cont 'd ) and then I remember what you say . he 's shy . he do not want people to see . but if you go into another room , if you leave he alone , he will give you sign . malcolm this be like a magic trick , yeah ? you do not really think he 's alive ? gerti it 's not a trick . gerti walk out of the room -- hallway gerti and malcolm stand in front of the close door to brahm 's room . tense . they look at each other . even malcolm 's start to believe a little -- gerti be you ready ? malcolm do not look ready , but -- malcolm yeah . gerti okay . ( to the door ) brahm , here we come ... gerti reach out to the door-knob . give it a slow turn and push the door open -- 70 . inside brahm sit , still very much inside the circle . just as gerti leave he . gerti 's smile fade . malcolm put he arm around she -- malcolm it 's okay . I think maybe we should sit down for a bit , yeah ? honestly , I think maybe you be a bit tired . gerti pull away -- gerti no ... she kneel down to brahm -- gerti ( cont 'd ) please , brahm . I need he to see . I know you be scared . I know this be hard for you . do it for I , okay ? I need this or I can not stay here any more . it 's pitiful to watch . malcolm rub he face hard with he hand -- malcolm gerti ... gerti stand -- gerti one more time . if nothing happen then I be crazy . I will sit . I will rest . I / x11 leave . whatever you want . just one more time . gerti 's room gerti give the wall between she room and brahm room a firm knock . once. twice . malcolm pace the floor , a continual creak with each footstep . he stop - the creak do not . it 's come from the other room . malcolm and gerti look at each other -- 71 . hallway stand before the door to brahm 's room again . even more tense this time . gerti reach out for the door knob and stop . she pull back afraid . she look at malcolm . he nod . malcolm reach out . open the door -- inside a empty circle - with no brahm . malcolm let out a gasp . gerti let out a laugh that 's almost a cry . a kind of joyous release - she 's not crazy ! malcolm bloody ... they walk into the room . malcolm look around . no sign of brahm . malcolm ( cont ’d ) where would he go ? gerti just smile and shrug -- gerti I do not know . malcolm look under the bed . gerti ( cont 'd ) it 's real be not it ? next he look through the closet . push through pile of brahm 's clothing . malcolm bloody ... gerti ( to herself ) it 's real . malcolm stand next to gerti look completely confuse . malcolm I do not understand . gerti throw she arm around malcolm . his confusion drain away as he feel she body press into he . he put he arm around she . 72 . and then malcolm see something over she shoulder . he go completely still . gerti turn around and see : brahm sit just outside the room in the hallway - just like someone place he there . gerti laugh . gerti now brahm , be a good boy . do not scare malcolm . int . live room - night Red wine fill a glass all the way to the top ... malcolm and gerti sit on the couch drink wine look giddy and maybe more than a little drunk . brahm be seat in a chair face they . music play in the background . not as loud as brahm 's like it , but loud enough -- malcolm can he hear I ? gerti I think so . malcolm it 's bloody incredible , be not it ? it 's gigantic . it 's huge . I do not even know how to feel . I be half scared out of my mind and half ... I do not know ... amaze . I mean , my mind be just ... he make a '' mind blow '' motion . malcolm talk quickly , half from the wine and half from the excitement . malcolm what do we do now ? do we tell someone ? go to the papers . have expert come in ? have that bloke , that ghost hunt bloke from the reality tv come in and take a look . do test or , I do not know , a seance . we really do not even know what we be deal with , yeah ? be it a ghost ? some sort of trap spirit . or a...a ... gerti a little boy . brahm be a little boy . malcolm stop . catch he breath -- 73 . malcolm of course . yeah . ( to brahm ) sorry about that , mate . malcolm pour they both more wine . he smile at gerti . she look beautiful , happy . a little flushed with wine -- malcolm you be lucky you find she , brahm . not all nanny be as nice as this one . gerti it be not luck . gerti blushes . the word just slip out -- malcolm what do you mean ? gerti shake she head , embarrassed -- gerti it 's the wine talk . I be not much of a drinker . malcolm you can not stop now , you have get I curious . it be not luck ? gerti you will think I be crazy . malcolm I ' 1l have you know I just play several round of hide - and -seek with a - no offense , brahm - a doll . I doubt very much you can tell I anything that can make I think you be crazy . gerti take a big drink of wine , building courage . clear she throat -- gerti I , uh ... I pray for this . malcolm you pray for a haunt doll ? gerti laugh . gerti no , not exactly . I mean ... 74 . we can see gerti sorting the whole thing out in she head . maybe she do not even know what she mean . or maybe she do - but she 's be avoid the truth -- gerti there be a guy . back home . malcolm a boyfriend ? gerti nod - yes -- gerti Cole Perkins . it be one of that thing . we meet in high school and he be charming and funny . and handsome . I think I be the luckiest girl in Texas . but something change . I do not even know when it happen . at first I think it be just stress or he worry . but it just keep happen . this switch would flip inside he and just like that the man I know have be go and stand there in he place would be this monster , just scream and holler and ... gerti do not say it , but we know by the look on she face - hit she . gerti afterwards I would pack up and go stay with my sister or my aunt . a day later Cole have show up with flower and beg I to come back and tell I how he have change and I would believe he and go . and it have be good for a while , then it would not . it go like that over and over until everyone I know have give up on I . not that I blame they , I have give up on I too . I think , '' well , this be the way it 's gonna be , gert , you better get use to it . '' gerti take another drink of wine -- gerti and then I find out I be pregnant . a beat . a pain smile on gerti 's face . she look at brahm now , almost as if she 's tell he the story -- gerti I be sit in the doctor 's office sobbing . the nurse be tell I what a bless it be . ( more ) 75 . gerti ( cont 'd ) how everything be gonna change for the better now . but I know better . I know I could not have that baby . not into this world . not with Cole . how could I expect to protect a baby when I could not even protect myself ? I know I be not strong enough . that I be not brave enough ... gerti start to cry silently -- gerti so I do not have it and I run away from everything and come here . but ever since that day I have pray and I have wish for some kind of sign . I do not even know what I be ask for . just something to let I know that life be not so small . so mean . she motion to brahm . smile through the tear -- gerti and now here 's brahm . and I can not help but feel like maybe he be praying for I too . like we be the answer to each other prayer . I would feel so empty for so long and now , finally , I be start to feel whole again . like a real person . and I think maybe he feel the same way . gerti reach up , touch she tear , not even aware she be cry -- gerti I be cry . I be sorry . I warn you I be not much of a drinker and now I be rambling on and on ... malcolm no . do not be sorry . I like the way you ramble . you have a very nice ramble . gerti laugh , that sad little laugh . somehow cry have make she look even more beautiful . malcolm reach out to wipe a tear away and there 's a moment - a moment that we know there 's something between they . a beat . malcolm go to say something , but before he can get it out gerti kiss he . a hard , passionate , half - drunk kiss ... 76 . int . brahm 's room - night gerti tuck brahm in . she lean down and kiss he on the cheek . gerti I promise I 'il never leave you . she switch the light off and the room go black . we follow gerti as she walk out into the hallway and then to she bedroom -— continuous gerti walk into a dark room . a figure sit on the bed stand up . malcolm . gerti move toward he and the two of they stand there awkwardly for a beat . the two of they be drunk , but not quite drunk enough to keep from feel a little shy -- malcolm so ... gerti step in close toward he , close enough to kiss he . but she keep she head down , stare at he chest shyly . gerti this be a nice shirt . malcolm my mum buy it for I . gerti undoe the top button -- gerti she have good taste . malcolm I all let she know ... and with that malcolm tip gerti 's chin upwards and kiss she , softly and then harder , pull she back onto the bed . we pull back ... out of the room and into the hallway where we can see into both gerti and brahm 's room . something move in brahm room as we ... fade out ... 77 . int . gerti 's bedroom - morning early morning . gerti and malcolm be tangle in the sheet , asleep . we hold on they as -- step . Soft as a doll 's footstep . on the floor a pile of malcom 's clothes . something - or someone - just out of view , drag malcolm 's shirt from the pile . it 's the same one gerti compliment . more step . we turn just as -- the bedroom door close quietly . someone sneaking out . a silent beat and then -- boom ! boom ! boom ! something pound at the door . gerti and malcolm bolt up in bed . malcolm what in the -- panic . malcolm scramble out of bed , trip over the sheet and landing with a thud . he get back up , head to the door -- gerti malcolm , no -- more pounding on the door . not the kind of noise a doll could make . malcolm look at gerti and then -- whip the door OPEN revealing the doll . sitting there in front of he . malcolm stick he head out into the hallway . empty . int . dine room - morning Breakfast . gerti , malcolm and brahm at the table . malcolm wear one of gerti 's t-shirt - a too-tight '' hook ‘em horn '' Texas shirt . he do not look too happy about it . 78 . gerti he like to play little trick on people . it mean he like you . to brahm -- malcolm very funny . you know what would be even funnier ? if you give my shirt back . gerti can not help but laugh . ext . heelshire manor —- morning gerti walk malcolm to he truck . they stop before it - smile at each other awkwardly . malcolm look back at the house nervously . something 's on he mind -- malcolm I be think , why do not you come in town for a few day ? get out of this house for a bit . gerti I admire you persistence , but I do not think I should . brahm need I here . malcolm shift uncomfortably -- malcolm what happen this morning . with the door . that be -- gerti it be a tantrum . Children have tantrum . I should not have -- gerti stop , blush . gerti I be not suppose to have guest . this be he house . malcolm one night away . to get some perspective and we can figure out what all this be . gerti you know I can not leave . I promise the heelshire I would take care of brahm . 79 . malcolm under the circumstance I think the heelshire 's would understand . when they get back -- gerti they be not come back . it just slip out . but gerti know it 's true -- malcolm what ? gerti I find a will . my name be in it . that 's why they look for so long . they have to find the right person to take over for they . they be wait for I . I be the only person brahm have now . malcolm whatever you see , I be sure it 's just some kind of emergency plan or something . you do not really think that they go off and ... the look on gerti 's face : yes , she do . malcolm if you really believe that , it 's even more reason to step back . to look at this with clear eye -- gerti I be not leave . not for a day . not for a hour . for the first time malcolm look truly shook up . he rub he face hard with he hand -- malcolm there 's something I need to tell you . about brahm . I should have tell you before , but I do not want to scare you away . and now ... well , maybe you should be scared . ( beat ) there be a man one night in the pub I go to . he be from the same town as the heelshire . he have know they as a boy . he say they use to pay kid to come out and play with brahm . he have even go out there once , but brahm would not come out of he room the entire time he be there . ( more ) 80 . malcolm ( cont 'd ) but they eventually find someone he like . a little girl . she have go out there once a week to play with brahm then walk home . but one night she do not come home . her parent call the heelshire . the heelshire tell they brahm just leave to walk she home . the parent wait until dark . the little girl still do not show up . so they decide to go out there and look for she themselves . when they get to the heelshire 's house it 's up in flame . Mr. and Mrs. heelshire make it out . but brahm ... he do not . he say it be two day later that they finally find the girl . Dead . Hidden in some bush along the trail she take to walk home . ( beat ) what I be say be , if this be some kind of spirit or ghost or ... whatever it be . I be not sure it 's the good kind . gerti it 's not true . I can feel he . I know he . you say yourself it 's just pub talk . malcolm not this . this be different . he say it be a childhood friend of he . Emily . and the look in he eye ... gerti I will not leave he . he need I . malcolm reach out to gerti-- malcolm just one day -- gerti pull away from malcolm - hard -- gerti I think it 's best if you do not come over for a few day . malcolm I be try to help you . gerti I do not need you help . malcolm gerti ... 81 . but gerti 's already walk back to the house -- int . entrance way - continuous gerti close the front door behind she . look at brahm sit on the couch . a beat . the sound of malcolmas truck leave outside . she look upstairs , something nag at she . suddenly head for the stair -- upstair hallway come out of the heelshire 's room , walk fast . carry the attic pole . pull down the attic stair and go up -- attic gerti move through the burnt remain of furniture . find the photo album and flip through quickly . find what she be look for -- the photo of brahm and the little girl gerti take out the picture . flip to the back . written in Mrs. heelshire 's handwrite '' brahm heelshire & Emily cribb '' . gerti look up from the photograph . at all the half - burn object around she . they somehow seem menace now . gruesome . for the first time since she discover brahm be alive , gerti look afraid ... int . malcolm 's truck - day some pop song play on the radio . malcolm drive . a faint scratching SOUND malcolm listen . scratch . scratch . he turn off the radio . more scratching . it 's faint , but it 's definitely there . 82 . malcolm keep drive as he lean forward , listen . try to figure out where the sound be come from . he tap the glove BOX and the SOUND stop . keeping one eye on the road malcolm reach over and open the glove box . three bloody , half -dead rat come tumble out . one go scurrying towards malcolm 's foot . malcolm shout , swerve off the road into a field before he manage to slam on the break . ext . field - continuous malcolm jump out of the truck and do one of that creepe - out dance in the field , cursing loudly -- CUT to : int . heelshire manor - day classical music thunder on the stereo - through all the empty room of heelshire manor . the sound of music carry over to - ext . heelshire manor - day where it carry into the open air . gerti walk around the house with a garbage bag . she stop at a bush and reach behind it , bring up a empty rat trap . gerti set it back and head to the next one . she pull it up - empty . she round the house to the front and stop . drop she garbage bag . a confuse , shocked look on she face -- gerti ( barely audible ) Cole ? on the porch 83 . cole perkin ( mid-30 's ) . tall , all - american look with sandy - blonde hair . he look like some kind of a harder - live version of Troy aikman . he give she a apologetic , almost shy , smile . cole I be go to send you a letter , but , you know I , I be never one for write . int . live room - day gerti and brahm sit side by side on the couch . Cole sit on a chair face they , lean forward toward gerti . cole this be a joke , right ? gerti do not look up . she reach out and put a comforting arm around brahm . Cole grimace , rub he face hard - partly puzzle , partly frustrated . a beat . cole the whole way out here I be think of what I be go to say . how I be go to convince you to forgive I and to come back to Denton . I have this speech work out , but now ... I mean , this , this be ... Cole look at brahm , still not quite believe what he 's see . he reach into he bag , pull out two plane ticket and toss they on the coffee table . cole we flight leave tomorrow afternoon . you be come home . gerti squeeze brahm tighter to she ... int . kitchen - night gerti and Cole at the dinner table . brahm be toss haphazardly on of the chair - — - cole I be work out at fairview with Ed bruner 's crew . they get a contract to put in a new hotel , so there 's more than enough work for all of we . ( more ) 84 . cole ( cont 'd ) Ed say '' hi '' by the way . actually he say -- ( in a thick , exaggerated Texas drawl ) '' you tell gert to get she cute little hind - end back here to Texas where she belong . '' gerti can not help but smile a little . cole there it be , that famous gerti smile . I miss that smile . ( beat ) you know I love you ? gerti nod . cole I know I have do some stupid thing . I have do wrong by you . but I be finish with all that , I swear . I have a lot of time to think while you be go . you have be right about everything . you be right all along . I get it now . I really do . thing be go to be better from now on . I can not live without you , baby . I just can not . he kiss she on the forehead . the nose . and then , finally , on the lip . gerti do not kiss he back , she just sit there , take it . malcolm ( 0.s. ) I let myself in . malcolm stand in the doorway . gerti shoot hima panicked look - please do not say anything ... gerti Cole , this be malcolm . he bring we we grocery out here . Cole stand up , tower over malcolm and offer he hand . malcolm shake it . cole so what do you think of all this doll stuff ? malcolm look at gerti , not sure what to say . gerti shake she head , '' no '' . 85 . malcolm I try not to get involved in other people 's affair . Cole laugh -- cole smart man . malcolm ( to gerti ) I have that delivery if you want to go over the inventory list . gerti yeah . of course . kitchen malcolm and gerti duck into a corner of the kitchen , away from the door . malcolm try to whisper but it come out loud -- malcolm what in the -- gerti put she finger to she lip - shh. whisper -- gerti he just show up . a beat . gerti he want I to go home with he . malcolm head toward the dining room . malcolm I think I should have a little talk with he -- gerti grab he -- gerti do not . please . you will only make it worse . malcolm if you think I be let he -- 86 . gerti you do not know he , malcolm . you do not know what he will do . when he get angry ... he 's 1ll hurt you . malcolm I be not afraid of he . gerti he 'il hurt I . malcolm stop . gerti I know what I be do . you have to trust I . malcolm think it over -- malcolm I can not leave you here with he . what if he -- gerti he will not . he 's go to be on he best behavior for now . and I have brahm here . gerti speak louder now - loud enough for Cole to hear in the next room . gerti look good . thanks , malcolm . then , in a whisper -- gerti if you want to help come back tomorrow . there 's nothing you can do tonight . dine room gerti walk back in , follow by malcolm . malcolm have a big , friendly grin on he face . if we do not know better we might think he be say goodbye to a good friend -- malcolm it be a pleasure meeting you . cole you too . 87 . malcolm leave . Cole eat . gerti watch he . the only sound be Cole chew loudly . Cole wait until he hear the sound of the door close in the kitchen . cole should I be worried ? he say it with a smile and a little laugh , but it 's obvious he could not be more serious . gerti about malcolm ? Cole nod . gerti no . gerti look to where brahm be toss down on a chair and we can almost read she thought : but maybe you should be worried about brahm ... int . brahm room - night Cole watch from the doorway as gerti undress brahm and put pajamas on he -- cole at least I know what to get you for Christmas now . gerti tuck brahm into the bed . bend down and give he a kiss , whisper something to he . Cole give a disgust look -- cole Jesus , do not do that . gerti stand up , careful not to look at Cole . she do not say anything . cole I be not go to let you treat this thing like it 's real . not in front of I . gerti he be real . cole he 's real ? okay . 88. Cole pick up brahm . cole hello !? anybody there ? be you real ? Cole knock on brahm 's head , hard . cole come on ! if you be real just speak up . gerti stand there , freeze . Cole finally toss brahm back on the bed . cole look like he 's just a doll after all . gerti go to tuck brahm back into bed , but Cole stop she . cole do not . a beat . for a second it look like gerti might say something , but she think better of it . cole go get pack . we leave in the morning . Cole wait until gerti walk out , then turn off the light behind she . int . gerti 's room - night gerti close she door . she go to the wall she share with brahm 's room . barely above a whisper -- gerti I need you help . he 's go to take I away , brahm . I need you . please ... ext . heelshire manor - night a dark , silent night . and then a sound . careful step on a wood floor . creak . creak . the sound of the step carry over to ... 89 . int . heelshire manor - same brahm 's Pov : move through the upstairs hallway . we pause at gerti 's close bedroom door and continue to ... the stair move slowly , purposely . creak . creak . creak . live room we be stand over Cole . he 's sleep , curl up on the too-small couch . a drop of blood fall on he face , drop from somewhere just out of frame . then another drop . and another . Cole stir , wipe at it with he hand , smear it , but he do not wake up ... ext . heelshire manor - morning the sun peak up behind the hillside . fog lift from dew - spangle earth ... int . gerti 's bedroom - morning gerti stir . wake . she look tired , break . pull herself out of bed ... int . brahm room - day dress brahm . talk to he softly as she do -- gerti everything will be okay . he ’1ll leave and we will go back to the way thing be ... rumbling from downstairs . like someone talk to themselves . then a angry shout -- cole ( 0.s. ) gerti ! gerti ! a flash of fear on gerti 's face . she pick up brahm , hold he close . the storm be come ... 90 . live room gerti stop in the doorway , afraid to enter . Cole do not notice she at first . scrub he face with he t- shirt . finally he turn and see she , he face smear with blood -- cole get in here ! gerti do not move . Cole 's eye be wild - fill with rage . the eye of some animal -- gerti what happen ? cole get in here ! gerti take a hesitant step in the room . Cole violently grab she by the arm and drag she to face the wall . leave written in blood . below it be two dead rat lie in a small pool of blood . cole what be this ? gerti I do not -- Cole jerk she violently -- cole do not pull this shit on I , gerti ... gerti it be not I . she look down at brahm . cole the doll ? the doll write this ? gerti do not say anything . she 's terrify . cole fine. okay . it be not you . it be the doll . give it to I . gerti back away . gl . cole Hand he over . gerti no. please ... cole do not play around with I . I have have as much as I can take with you . gerti I do it . you be right . cole it 's too late for that . I give you a chance to come clean . give I that doll . now . I be not joke around . he lunge at gerti , grab she . the two struggle , but gerti 's no match for Cole . he rip the doll out of she arm with one hand and push she down to the floor with the other . gerti no ! in a flash gerti be back on she foot . she lunge at Cole who hold she back with one hand . lift the doll over he head with the other . he 's about to smash the doll on the floor when -- malcolm ( 0.s. ) stop ! Cole look over to malcolm , stand in the entrance - way . malcolm get you thing . get out . Cole pull away from gerti , still hold brahm . Cole motion to the wall . cole everyone seem to be in a big hurry for I to leave . maybe you be the one that leave I this little message . or be you go to say it be the doll too ? malcolm do not answer . 92 . gerti Cole , you do not understand . he 's real . he 's just a little boy . please , let he go , please ... Cole look at brahm - hold he up for appraisal . cole he 's real , huh ? let 's see about that . and then he do something that they 'il all regret . he slam brahm down headfirst . into the ground . the crash of porcelain break . jag piece of brahm 's head fly in different direction . a beat . silence . no one even breath . Cole smile , about to say something when -- a scream of rage like we have never hear . so loud the wall vibrate . and then pounding at the wall . like a thousand fist beat at the house . a picture fall from the wall with a crash . a bookcase overturn . a sound like running . a stampede come from every direction at once . gerti , malcolm and Cole spin around , try to follow the sound -- cole what the hell be that ? the SOUND of a door open , but not any door anyone can see . a flash of something out of the corner of malcolm 's eye move outside -- malcolm I think we need to get out of here ... at the front door . the scraping of wood and metal together . something lock they in . malcolm inch next to gerti. 93. malcolm I really , really think we need to leave . cole what be this ? what be go on !? a loud slam , somewhere back in the kitchen and then silence . more pounding , move through the house and then -- silence everyone freeze in the center of the live room where they have instinctively huddle into a group . gerti brahm ? the sound of shuffling come from somewhere in the wall , move fast -- cole it 's in the wall ... Cole move towards the sound -- malcolm I really think we should -- cole shhh ! Cole put he ear to the wall . heavy breathing . like some cornere , wild animal -- without move he ear from the wall -- cole something 's in there ... slam ! a knife blade rip through the wall . Hit Cole between the neck and shoulder . scream from everyone Cole fall to the floor . reaches for he wound . malcolm and gerti run for he . pounding from inside the wall . something run -- 94 . gerti put pressure on Cole 's wound -- cole Jesus ...oh jesus ... gerti we have to get he help ! malcolm rush to -- the front door tries to open it . it will not budge -- malcolm it 's lock ! rushes back to the -- live room as the grandfather clock start tick . tick . tick . tick . gerti and malcolm turn to it as -- the grandfather clock swing open . a secret door . out step a very large man . he 's wear malcolm 's shirt . a knife in one hand . a cricket bat in the other . this be brahm the real brahm . a child - like face , despite he age . tall , taller even than Mr. heelshire . he have to stoop to get through the passageway and into the live room . he take two light - as- a- doll step . his foot wrap in dirty rag . he 's pale , impossibly - painfully - pale . with sore and scratch cover he . he lick he chap lip nervously . look from face to face . a drop of blood fall from he knife . gerti who ...? quiet , almost to himself -- malcolm brahm . in a child - like , high , soft voice -- 95 . brahm she 's mine . malcolm move slowly . like you would when face with a bear . do not take he eye off brahm . in a whisper -- malcolm gerti . get up . gerti do not move . can not move . gerti it can not be .... malcolm up. now . malcolm grab she under the arm . lift she up roughly -- cole what be that thing !? who be that ?! to gerti-- malcolm get out the back . get help . brahm take a step toward they . malcolm step in between they . look back at gerti-- malcolm now ! gerti snap out of it . run for the kitchen -- at the same time brahm let 's out a horrible yell . charge malcolm . malcolm put up he arm in defense as brahm slam down on he with the bat . malcolm fall . brahm hit he again , with a sicken thud . knock malcolm out . brahm stand over Cole . Cole look up , eye wild -- cole no ... brahm raise the knife and -- we CUT to : 96. the kitchen gerti sprint through to the back door . lock . she try it again , desperate , scared . it do not budge . scare tear be fall from gerti 's eye as she turn around . she know what 's there -- brahm stands at the other end of the room . the cricket bat in he hand . gerti please ...no ... brahm walk toward gerti . gerti do not ... please ... brahm walk to she and , without stop , grab she violently by the hair and drag she out of the kitchen , like a child drag a doll . live room gerti slide on the floor behind brahm , scream in pain and terror . past Cole , the knife plunge into he chest . and now it 's obvious where brahm be head - back into the wall . gerti struggle , try to get away when -- slam ! malcolm , hide behind the couch , slam a piece of the doll 's shattered porcelain head into brahm 's leg . brahm let go of gerti , fall down to a knee and let out a scream of agony and anger -- malcolm stagger to he foot . gerti upstair ! gerti help malcolm stumble up the stair while brahm watch they race from the room . brahm walk to Cole . calmly pull the knife out of he chest . and , with the bat , walk back into the grandfather clock passageway , close it behind he . leave the room empty , quiet ... 97 . int . gerti 's bedroom gerti and malcolm burst in the room . gerti slide she dresser in front of the door . malcolm the phone ! gerti look for she phone . find it , smashed into piece . gerti go to say something when -- creaking in the wall . malcolm and gerti freeze . another creak . malcolm and gerti follow it with they eye as brahm move inside the wall . malcolm ( whisper ) can he get in ? gerti 's mind race - something click -- gerti the closet ! gerti race to the closet -- inside brahm be crawl through a small hatch - door in the back of the closet . gerti slam the closet door close . gerti and malcolm brace the door with they body as -- wham ! brahm slam into the door from the other side . wham ! again . and again ! wham ! but this time brahm fist go right through the door . his hand grasp wildly at the air until he get hold of gerti 's shirt . gerti scream ! flail against the arm . tries to pull away , but he 's too strong . pull she closer and closer to the door . malcolm look down . a belt . he grab it . quickly loop it around brahm hand and pull as hard as he can . brahm 's hand bend in a gruesome direction right into the jag edge of the splinter door . brahm let out a scream of anger . tries to pull he hand back through the hole . too late . malcolm be already looping the other end of the belt around the bedpost . 98 . malcolm hold it ! gerti grab the belt . pull . malcolm tie the belt off on the bed post . brahm be trap , he hand catch outside the door and tie to the bed . he pull wildly , lift the bed off the floor , but he can not get free -- hallway gerti and malcolm flee to the hallway . malcolm head for the stair , but gerti stop he -- gerti this way ! gerti race into -- brahm 's room we can still hear brahm yelling and raging in the other room . gerti tip over the bookcase . then run to the closet and rip everything out -- gerti there have to be a door here somewhere . this be where it start . she go to the dresser and try to pull it away from the wall . it do not budge -- gerti this be it . we have to pry it open . malcolm do not move -- malcolm you be not go in there ? gerti it 's the only way . the window . the door . everything be block off . but he get out . we have to go in the wall . malcolm hesitates . a loud crash in the other room . gerti he 's come . hurry . 99 . malcolm grab hold of the dresser and , along with gerti , pull . crack ! the dresser swing open , revealing a passage into the wall . a small bolt lock fall to the floor at gerti 's foot . gerti and malcolm look at each other . be we really go to do this ? gerti get down on she hand and knee and poke she head into the passage . Dark and narrow . the floor be cover with some kind of stain , wear pad . a few pin - prick of light show down the passageway through hole in the wall . not the kind of place you would ever choose to enter . gerti back out of the passage way , look at malcolm . gerti ready ? malcolm no. gerti take a breath and crawl into the wall , trail by malcolm . int . wall - continuous Black . gerti reach out , she hand stretch out in front of she , grop in the darkness , feel she way along the wall , step silently on the pad beneath she foot . gerti malcolm ? malcolm right here ... he put he hand on she shoulder . gerti 's eye begin to adjust and we can make out some of the detail of the surroundings . the wall be cover in drawing . faces. word . the sketches of a madman . trinket hang - necklace , tie , bit of clothing and decoration . thing brahm have steal over the year -- gerti come to a pin-prick of light and put she eye up to it . gerti 's Pov : 100 . look into she room at the bed and closet . the closet door be open , the belt still tie to the bed . but brahm be nowhere to be see when -- brahm walk right past we view . gerti duck down . stifles a scream . malcolm what ? what be it ? gerti put she finger to she lip - shhhh . the two of they sit there , in the narrow passageway , wait , listen . malcolm I do not hear any -- wham ! the blade of brahm 's knife slam through the wall , stop just short of malcolm 's mouth . scream ! gerti run ! in a flash , they be back on they foot , stumbling through the passage , the picture , the scribbling , the madman - decoration blur by we view as they race through the wall until they come to -- a fork in the path split in two different direction . a creak somewhere outside of the wall . gerti 's mind race - try to figure out where they be in the house ... malcolm which way ? gerti I do not know ... more creaking . the unmistakable sound of step come from the right . the decision be make for she . gerti head leave -- 101 . gerti this way . end of the hallway gerti stop . nothing but black down the hall . a dead end . malcolm we have to go back ... but gerti do not move . she 's still look at the wall . there 's something about it that 's not quite right and then we see -- it move sway gently , just a tiny bit . gerti move toward it -- malcolm we have to go . now . gerti reach up and touch the wall . it give to she touch . a thick black curtain . malcolm what be it ? gerti a curtain . she push it aside . another black curtain behind it . and then another one behind that . gerti push she way through they - layer after layer -- she push through a final curtain and walk into -- brahm 's room everything you could need . a sink . a shower . a toilet . a microwave and a fridge . can food . various tupperware , mostly empty . it 's light dimly with Christmas light illuminate various stack of porn magazine and a few porn picture hang from the wall along with various page from a coloring book . toy line the shelf . it 's part jail cell , part dement dorm room . malcolm Jesus ... 102 . malcolm and gerti spread out , investigate the room . malcolm brahm . he 's be live here . in this room . for 30 year . malcolm reach up and touch the wall - they be cover in some kind of texture foam . malcolm sound proofed . everything he could need in here . but gerti be not listen . she 's find a letter - the same letter mrs . heelshire mail earlier . she read -- gerti we will not be back . we have go on now to heaven where someday we will all be reunite . the girl be yours now . a final gift from we . treat she well . let she see the beautiful , sweet little boy that we love so very , very much ... gerti lower the letter . a daze look on she face as she notice a bed and on it a home - make look doll , almost life-size . gerti inch closer , notice the dress it 's wear . a white dress with wine stain on it . her dress . it have a necklace - a thin gold chain with a small angel . her necklace . gerti reach out and touch the doll 's sparse , matte hair , clumsily plaster to the doll 's head . as soon as she touch it she hand recoil . it 's real hair - she hair . gerti 's hand go up to she own hair . malcolm step beside gerti . he 's gather supplies . a flashlight . two kitchen knife . gerti can not take she eye off the doll . gerti it 's I . malcolm hold a knife out to gerti . malcolm I think I find the way downstairs . gerti do not move . she just keep stare at that doll . 103 . malcolm gerti ? nothing . malcolm we can not stay here any longer . without take she eye off the doll . shock set in -- gerti it 's I . that 's my necklace . my dress . my hair . he 's be watch I . this whole time . just sit in the wall watch I . he be here . and they plan the whole thing . they know what would happen . a beat . then , finally , malcolm reach out and take the necklace off the doll . he put it in gerti 's hand , squeezing she fist around it . malcolm we have to keep go . a corner of brahm 's room - moment later malcolm lift up a hatch in the floor . gerti and malcolm peer down it as malcolm light the way with the flash light . a ladder lead down to the first floor . malcolm take a pen and draw a rectangle on the floor . he put a X on a back corner . malcolm we be here . in the back of the house . any idea where we might get out . gerti I do not know . malcolm think . there have to be something you see . if we be just down there walk blindly we be not go to make it . gerti put she finger down on the rectangle malcolm have draw . she trace the outside of it , think , and as she do we see : the outside of the house 104 . gerti 's Pov . murky , foggy . a memory . we pick up a rat - trap . it 's empty . we walk along , fast forward , look at the wall of the house . another rat trap . nothing stand out . we turn the corner of the house . everything slow down . directly in front of we be the chimney , surround by hedge . back in brahm 's room gerti 's finger be stop on the opposite side of the rectangle - almost as far as you can possibly get from they present location . gerti the chimney . malcolm you be sure ? gerti nod . malcolm could not be in the kitchen , could it ? malcolm hold a knife out to gerti . she do not take it . malcolm if he catch we he will not hesitate to kill I . and you ... malcolm look over at the life-size doll on brahm 's bed . malcolm he ’1ll do worse to you . gerti reach out a timid hand and take the knife . int . downstair - in the wall - night malcolm drop down from the ladder . he cover the flashlight with he shirt , soften its light . he shine it up and down the passageway . malcolm ( whisper ) it 's clear . gerti drop down . this floor be the same as the top . Dark passageway pin-pricked with light shine from the room . 105 . gerti peer through one of the pin-prick at the kitchen empty . Silent . we be peer at it from just underneath a cupboard . malcolm ( whisper ) gerti ... he take she hand in he , lead she down the dark passageway . gerti follow , light only by the small sliver of light as they take slow , careful step . behind they the sliver of light disappear . someone walk by outside the room . follow they . and then the light go out . darkness . gerti and malcolm freeze . gerti drop the knife and raise a shaking hand to she mouth , stifling a scream that come out as a whimper ... a creaking SOUND footstep . it 's impossible to tell where they be come from . the SOUND of something falling with a crash . and then , in a soft , almost childlike voice call for gerti like you might for some pet -- brahm gerti ... gerti... come here pretty gerti ... gerti and malcolm crouch down on the floor -- brahm you have be naughty . more footstep , roam the house -- brahm come back pretty gerti , come back ... I will not hurt you ... a beat . more footstep - it almost sound like they be move away now . malcolm motion to gerti - let 's go . they tip - toe down the passageway , as slow and as quiet as they can when -- 106 . malcolm brushes against something . a small bell hang on the inside of the wall . one of the hundred of little trinket brahm have decorate he space with -- a slight tink . not much . but enough . gerti and malcolm look at each other . hard fast step pound towards they from inside the house -- malcolm run ! before gerti and malcolm can even take a step -- brahm slam through the wall just behind they . he do not make it all the way through , but enough to grab gerti by the hair . she scream -- malcolm leap on brahm in flash . stabs he in the shoulder , the blade sink deep . brahm scream , let go of gerti . but before malcolm can pull away , brahm grab he knife hand and bite down like some craze animal . malcolm jerk he hand away . he and gerti turn to run as brahm struggle he way through the wall , pull himself with all he might through the splinter dry wall -- passageway gerti and malcolm , stumbling through the darkness as fast as they can . they turn a corner -- another passageway pitch black -- gerti it have to be somewhere here . scream of rage behind they . malcolm pull out the flashlight , shine it down the passageway . something shimmer . something metallic . they rush towards it -- a SMALL door with two dead-bolt . 107 . malcolm hurry . gerti fumble at they , panicked . malcolm point the flashlight back down the hallway . empty , but we can hear brahm charging toward they -- brahm ( 0.s. ) gerti ! gerti undoe the first lock . the second . she turn the knob , push and ... it 's still lock . gerti it will not open ! malcolm shine the flashlight on the door . another deadbolt at the bottom of the door . gerti unlock it , open the door as -- malcolm turn the flashlight back down the hall . brahm stands there . not more than a few foot away . he smile -— show a row of yellow , rotten tooth -- no one move . gerti stand there with the door open , the moonlight spilling in . malcolm hold he ground , the flashlight aim at brahm face , brahm squinting back -- malcolm ( quietly ) gerti . run. gerti malcolm ? malcolm run! gerti dart out the door -- brahm charge , scream . malcolm run toward he . the two collide and malcolm fall back . the two wrestle on the floor . and then , just as quickly it 's over . 108 . brahm stand up , knife in hand . malcolm lay on the floor gasp . his shirt beginning to stain with blood ... ext . heelshire manor - night gerti sprint through the yard and then slide to a stop in the overgrown shrubbery at the edge of the yard . she hide on she stomach - look back at -- the passageway door brahm emerge . he call for gerti , he voice unnaturally boyish again . a lose little boy call for he mother -- brahm gerti ? gerti ? come back . please come back . I be sorry . I be sorry , gerti ... brahm scan the yard then disappear back in the house . gerti start to get up when brahm reappear . he drag malcolm to the doorway , hold he there as he speak -- brahm he 's hurt . he need you help ... a beat . suddenly shifting to a man 's angry voice -- brahm if you leave I will kill he ! I x11 kill he just like the other one ! brahm survey the yard . back to a childish voice -- brahm gerti ! get back here ! don ’t leave I ! i'll be good ! I will ! gerti , on she belly , back up , deeper into the edge of the yard . she turn and crawl , faster and faster away from the house -- brahm don't leave I !!! ext . MAIN road - night gerti emerge from the bush to the main road . Long black pavement as far as the eye can see . no car . not even the hope of a car come by . 109 . she look back at the house . dark. Silent . no sign of the carnage inside . she begin to walk , down that long black road - away from the house . away from malcolm . she slow . stop . gerti no . she turn . gerti no . and start to walk back to the house . as if convincing herself -- gerti I be not run away . I be not leave he ... gerti walk faster . her bare foot pad quickly across the cold , moonlit pavement . then faster , break into a run back to the house -- ext . malcolm 's truck - night still park in the driveway . all the tire be flat , stab with a knife . brahm be not take any chance . gerti open up the back of the truck . she search for something . find it . a long screwdriver . she place it into the back of she pants and walk to -- the front door a thick wood beam place on the hook on the front of the door . gerti lift the beam off . open the door and step inside -- int . heelshire manor - entranceway - night gerti take a step inside . Dark . the remnant of the violence and chaos that just take place . a overturn chair . the railing on the stair be splinter . gerti keep walk , she foot pad softly in the silent house -- live room 110 . gerti walk inside . stop . Cole 's corpse lay just to the right of she . she suck in a breath . every atom in she body tell she to scream . to run . she keep go to -- the record player and put on a record . at the same time something move in the wall . gerti pause - but only for a instant - then put the needle down . the music roar to life gerti sit down on the couch and wait . it do not take long . brahm emerge silently from somewhere in the shadow . a hulk figure . he stand there in front of gerti , he chest heaving . the bloody knife shaking in he hand . gerti I do not leave you , brahm . I promise you I would not . brahm do not say anything . just stand there stare at she , he eye as lifeless as a doll 's . gerti it 's time for bed . gerti get up , calmly take a few step toward the entranceway . stop . she look back at brahm . ina firm , motherly voice -- gerti brahm . it 's time for bed . now . a beat . brahm 's hand tighten around the knife . he walk toward gerti , one heavy step after the next , he eye fix on she . he walk right up to she , only inch away -- gerti keep she eye fix on he , look straight up at he . one swipe with the knife , that 's all it would take -- brahm 's hand tighten around the knife again and then ... he drop it . he walk past gerti , head for the stair . gerti let he pass , then follow . as she do she reach back with she hand , feel the screwdriver stick in the back of she pants ... 111 . brahm 's room - continuous brahm stop at the side of he bed , he back turn to gerti , a pout child . gerti get in bed . brahm sit down . the little bed sagging under he weight . gerti under the cover . gerti 's voice crack - show a glimpse of the fear she 's hide . brahm look up at she -- gerti ( loud , firm ) under the cover . brahm pull the cover up . climb under they . gerti lean down , tucking the blanket around he . gerti you do not get a story tonight . that 's you punishment . gerti stand up , brahm look up at she - almost look boyish for a moment . brahm ( little boy voice ) kiss . gerti go cold inside . she do not move . brahm ( little boy voice ) kiss . gerti force a smile on she lip . gerti of course ... she lean in towards brahm , at the same time she reach back for the screwdriver , grab it in hand . gerti 's lip be almost to brahm forehead when -- he grab she hard by she head and neck , force she down to he lip and kiss she . force he tongue in she mouth , pull she down on the bed -- 112 . gerti pull the screwdriver from she pants . slam it into brahm 's belly -- brahm scream . releases gerti . she fall back against the wall . brahm leap to he foot , the sheet stick to he where gerti stab he with the screwdriver . he charge gerti she manage to get to she foot right as brahm grab her by the neck with both he huge hand . brahm squeezy lift gerti off of she foot . gerti choke . tear at brahm 's hand . but he 's too strong . her hand search brahm 's body , look for -- the screwdriver she pull it out of he . slam it back into he belly . brahm scream but do not let go . gerti stab he again . brahm still do not let go . gerti be fade . her eye flutter , she arm weaken . it 's a battle of will now -- gerti slam the screwdriver into he side . brahm drop to he knee , take gerti down with he . she gasp , take in a breath . she stab he again . his grip loosen . she have the upper hand now as she slam it right into he sternum . blood come out of brahm mouth . gerti twist the screwdriver . brahm scream in agony finally release gerti and fall back on the floor , the screwdriver stick in he chest , rise and fall with he breathe -- gerti gasp for air , the color return to she face . then force herself to she foot and scramble out of the room - — brahm mummy ...mummy ... 113 . live room gerti sprint through , towards the grandfather clock . pries it open -- gerti malcolm !? malcolm !? she move quickly -- into the wall and through the darkness . the flicker of a flash light glow somewhere ahead - gerti malcolm ? in a voice that 's weak , but alive -- malcolm ( 0.s. ) gerti. gerti turn a corner in the wall . see malcolm . bloody but still breathe . holding the flashlight . gerti take he in she arm . gerti malcolm ... malcolm you come back . gerti smile at he -- gerti yeah . I come back . ext . heelshire manor - night gerti help malcolm to the pick - up truck . malcolm look at the tire as he pull out he key -- malcolm just buy that tire . he hand the key to gerti smile . then cough - a violent , sick sounding cough . gerti help he into the truck -- 114 . int . malcolm 's truck - night gerti turn on the ignition . let 's out a sigh - thank god it work . she put it in reverse . turn to look behind she when -- malcolm ( terrify ) gerti ! gerti turn back around just in time to see -- brahm Leap onto the hood of the car . he have the screwdriver in he hand , slam it into the windshield , shatter it . gerti do not blink -- gerti look right into he eye , shift the car into drive and slam on the gas -- the truck speed forward , directly towards the front door of the house -- brahm turn around , just in time to see crash the truck slam through the front of the house . brahm slam into the stair case - fall on the splinter railing - a piece of wood go right through he chest . gerti put the truck in reverse , pull out through the debris . then slam the truck into drive again , right at brahm -- — malcolm gerti ...? she slam on the gas . wham ! Nails brahm , crush he between the car and house . this time he will not be get back up ... CUT to : 115 . int . malcolm 's truck - dawn the truck bump along violently , the horrible sound of metal on pavement . they be travel some desert country road , get further and further away from the nightmare they just experience ... malcolm slide down , put he head on gerti 's lap as she drive . she put a arm over he , protect he -- gerti look at he , smile - a real honest to goodness smile despite everything that 's happen -- ext . country road - same the tire be go . they be down to the metal wheel . the truck rumble along , spark in its wake where the rim meet the pavement . we pull out further and further leave the truck behind , focus instead on the sun rise above the impossibly green pasture and the morning fog lift from the land ... . -- and then even further out , until the world look peaceful and still and it 's impossible to tell if we be look at the real world anymore or some too- perfect painting of the English countryside ...