Rev. 06/15/98 ( pink ) Rev. 07/01/98 ( yellow ) Rev. 08/28/98 ( Green ) Rev. 09/03/98 ( goldenrod ) Rev. 10/07/98 ( buff ) Rev. 04/09/99 ( salmon ) wild wild west Story by Jim Thomas &amp ; John Thomas screenplay by s.s. Wilson &amp ; Brent maddock and Jeffrey price &amp ; Peter S. seaman base on the Television Series " Wild Wild West " revised final draft May 14 , 1998 warner bros . '' 1998 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved Rev. 4/9/99 the wild wild west fade in : A1 ext . alfalfa field - night A1 a slight breeze gently sway the green and purple crop . the chirp of cicada be the only sound . superimpose : 1868 - ST . tammany parish , louisiana but suddenly the chirping get louder and louder -- bzzzzz ! -- until we realize it 's not the cicadas , but a -- swooosh ! a lethal , razor - sharp disc buzy up over the horizon , swoops toward the camera and out of frame ! the camera spin around to see the disc fly away , chase a man , thaddeus morton , wear a strange metallic collar -- exhaust , horrify , about to die . new angle - morton he look over he shoulder , panting -- he 's be run forever . morton ( mumble ) madman ... hideous spider ... run ... run! warn the President ... Morton zig - zag through a grove of tree , a desperate attempt to avoid the horrible serrate disc . but the ruse be futile . the disc go straight through the tree , slice a path straight as the crow fly . new angle - old wagon dilapidate , break down , weather away in the field . Morton run around the wagon -- but the disc buzy straight through the sideboard ! Wood shaving spit everywhere ! there 's no stop this thing . new angle - morton run for he life -- stop , turn . he turn , incomprehensibly mumble , plead for he life , cower . morton noooooooo !!!!! ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 2. A1 continued : A1 and the disc swooshes toward the camera -- bzzzzzzz ! CUT to : black dissolve to : night sky full of star - low angle a man lean into frame . this be general mcgrath . and he 's there to collect the silver death disc . mcgrath ( to the unseen , dead Morton ) and they say you scientist be suppose to be smart . 1 ext . dusty road - low angle - night 1 hoove thunder by . then bounce , skid wagon wheel . up on the empty buckboard be a pair of murderous ex - reb . as the reb pass a pint of whisky , lash the six- horse team on , pan with the wagon to see it 's head for ... 2 ext . water tower - night 2 SALOON girl ( o.s. ) the legendary Captain James West and I finally get he all to myself . 3 int . water tower - night 3 west be bathing with the beatiful SALOON girl . west that 's right , sugar , and you should feel free to treat he just bad . she move in and kiss he , long and hard . West hear the clatter of the approaching wagon . he stop the kiss and peek out the knothole . 4 ext . warehouse - west's Pov through knothole - night down below , West see the wagon with the reb . wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 3. 5 int . water tower - night 5 west ( to himself ) General mcgrath 's boy . I think y'all be never gonna show up . SALOON girl mister West , you would not be here workin ' tonight , now would you ? west no , no . ' course not . not tonight . would you be work if you be up here with you ? SALOON girl good . they start kissing again . he surreptitiously peek out the knothole , while continue he kiss . 6 int . fat - can candy be - night 6 this two -story , victorian building across town be a " gentleman 's sport house " in name only . drunken roughneck and ex - confederate soldier goose and maul the rouge - up tart . at bar - woman shrink back from the moronic ribaldry . the toulouse Lautrec lighting only accentuate she garish hair and makeup , identify she as a soiled dove . a whore -- not to put too fine a point on it . she 's try not to make eye contact with two man seat at a table across the parlor . soiled dove's Pov - gen . mcgrath and hudson hudson be a fearsome - look indian in a well - tailore suit . Long black braid descend incongruously from under a homburg hat . as for he companion ... mcgrath be a mountain of drunken pus . six foot , sweat like a devonshire hog with he tatter , undersized confederate dress jacket buttone all the way to the top . his ear have be hack off and replace by what look to be a miniature leather Victrola horn . mcgrath smile at we soil dove and make a little kissing gesture . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 4. 6 continued : 6 angle on soiled dove eye widen in revulsion . what evil abide in this godforsake place ? now a drunkenly eye - crossed reb lick dora 's ear , then whisper something in it . something unspeakably vile , by dora 's expression . dora I be sorry . that will not be possible . I have ... tonsillitis . 7 ext . warehouse - west's Pov through knothole - night 7 the reb load the box onto the wagon . we see the wheel of the wagon up against the rotted leg of the water tower . big reb pack'er up good , Virgil . next stop n'orlean . 8 int . water tower - night 8 West be unaware that she 's watch he , not watch she . SALOON girl ( admonish ) Jim ! west ah , this hole be a safety issue . I be think , what if it start to rain and the water level go up . it could suck you right up . I be protect you . ( variation ) saloon girl frustrated , have grab West 's boxer short ( with little horse on they ) and plug the hole with they . SALOON girl Problem solve . west Belle , you do not just ram a man 's underbritch into a knothole . you wanna plug the hole , you ram you own britches in there . West be at a loss . she move in for another kiss . wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 4a . 9 ext . warehouse - night 9 the horse spook as a crate be drop onto the wagon . close - axle catch on the water tower leg . it creak . 10 int . water tower - night 10 West hear the creak . he break the kiss . SALOON girl oh , Jim . west ( serious ) much as I would like to take credit for that you might need to hand I my gun ... the tower start to topple . west ... Hand I my gun . it crash ... CUT to : 11 ext . warehouse skylight - night 11 West crash down into the tarp cover the box . the only people more shocked than he be be the guard and the reb he just drop in on . West pick himself up , smile coolly at the drench slack - jaw . west okay , who just make a wish ? be it you ? he look up at the freak - out saloon girl , still in the tank . she hang on with one hand , the other hand clutches he clothes . west I could sure use that clothes now . she respond by frisbee - ing he hat down . West pick it up , with a look ... use it to cover he genitals . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 4b . 11 continued : 11 big reb well , we get we a shy nig ... but he never get that word out . bang ! West lash a lightning martial art kick to the reb 's jaw . west fought five long year with the Union Army not to hear that word again . and you boy lose , remember ? as the other reb come at he , he spin , still hold the hat in front of he ... and whap ! down that one go . West look up at the none-too- bright water tank woman . west how ' bout some pants !? as she throw the rest of he clothes down in a heap ... 5 . 12 int . fat - can be - night ( same time ) 12 General mcgrath check a pocket watch , look up impatiently at the indian , Hudson . his eye drift upwards ... to the balcony where ... angle on upstair balcony - two more ex - rebs have come up back stair lug a heavy steamer trunk . mcgrath I be still wait on my gun and ammo , but I see my man have bring you merchandise . mcgrath subtly gesture with he eye to the balcony for Hudson to confirm . Hudson nod . mcgrath I have expect to be deliver it personally to Mr ... Hudson quickly cut he off before he can say the name . the indian speak in a very precise King 's English . hudson my employer , here in a brothel ? ( a small ironic smile ) that would be quite ... redundant . 13 ext . STREET - on carriage - night 13 move in on a elegant brougham drive by a very large , very strike woman in livery . as the carriage pass under the gas lamp , we can make out the top-hatted silhouette of mcgrath 's " employer , " dr . arliss loveless . cluster around he inside the cab be three more beautiful woman . as he stroke the cheek of the oriental one with the back of he hand like a cat ... 14 int . fat - can be - mcgrath and hudson - night 14 hudson you will meet he when the time -- and place -- be appropriate . now ... ( stand ) ... shall we go upstairs to check the ' merchandise ' ? ( continued ) 6 . 14 continued : 14 mcgrath frankly , Mr. Hudson , I be not plan to walk that oaken stair with you . direct I to the poot , sir . something young and creamy . a gamer that take to the crop and spur . mcgrath look to the singer ( rita ) , who beat a hasty retreat from he after she song . so , once again , mcgrath lay he rheumy eye on ... angle on soiled dove she 's oblivious , more intrigue by the ex - reb on the balcony with the trunk . as she start for the stair ... a man 's hand grab she . it 's the eye-cross reb again . eye -crossed reb you drive a hard bargain , lady . all right , fifty cent to take they big juicy lip and ... dora still not interested . she try to pull away . but the reb will not let go . eye -crossed reb but you gotta be interested . you be a whore . suddenly the coquettishness in the eye become rage . the falsetto become a baritone growl . dora ( baritone ) that do not mean a girl can not have high standard . just as the reb register the odd new voice ... wham ! her corsage spring out and whacks he right in the jaw . the reb 's eye roll back ... and he slump to the ground . whooa , hoss ... the soil dove be a man ! he 's artemus gordon and he true profession will be reveal to we shortly . but now , as he / she stashes the unconscious reb behind the bar , straighten bosom and wig ... 15 int . warehouse - night 15 West be try to get dress . ( continued ) 7. 15 continued : 15 as he pull on one leg of he pants , a guard lunge at he with a knife . West hop up on one leg , smack the guy with a mule kick . now he put he arm through he shirt sleeve . when the hand emerge out of the cuff , it 's ball in a fist -- which coldcock the other guard . west could I have a little privacy here ? as if in response , the water tower , still hover above , now crash to the floor -- obliterate he opponent . west thank you . he calmly look up in time to catch the fall , naked , scream saloon girl in he arm . west you will have to excuse I , darlin' ... but my evidence be get away . West gallantly put she down , jump up , grab the overhead block and tackle system and slide through the warehouse . as the horse team , which have spook , thunder past ... closeup - west sail onto the runaway wagon . as he pull himself into the back , he give the shiver saloon girl a tip of he hat -- now on he head . west sorry about there not be any towel . 16 int . fat - can be - night ( same time ) 16 General mcgrath leer down a line - up of fat - can 's girl . just as he get to the beautiful singer , who look sick at the think , suddenly Gordon intrude . he / she block out the singer , pose coquettishly -- suck a lollypop . mcgrath what 's you name , missy ? ( continued ) 8. 16 continued : 16 gordon / dora ( demurely ; back to he falsetto ) dora . would you like to go upstairs ? mcgrath oh , indeedy I would . Gordon / dora start to go as the eye-cross reb wake up . he grab he / she , very piss . eye - crossed reb hey , c'mere ! who the hell be you anyway ?! mcgrath she 's ... mine ! blam ! mcgrath emphasize he claim by gut - shoot the reb . the shot make dora / Gordon jump and the room go quiet . as the reb crumple , mcgrath turn back to Gordon / dora , oddly inspire . mcgrath I feel like ... a ditty ! gordon / dora a ditty ? but General ... ( try to be coquettish again ) ... my talent really lay elsewhere . mcgrath nothing stoke the fire in my loin like a ditty . mcgrath haul he / she over to the piano player . mcgrath you have get some pretty fair lung on ya , girl , now use them ! he punctuate with a slap to Gordon / dora 's rump . the other singer ( rita ) watch too . 17 int . fat - can be - night 17 Gordon / dora be sweat . reluctantly , he / she whisper something to the piano player . he clear he throat and begin sing . ( continued ) 9 . 17 continued : 17 gordon / dora ( weakly ) ' buy a drink for the boy in the backroom for I ... ' 18 ext . country road - wild wagon ride - night 18 West spot the content of a open box . eye widen . close - BOX - dozen glass vial stick in sand . but clinking together ominously as the wagon race over the cobblestone . west backward - ass bumpkin get a wagon full of nitro ...! West try to steady the glass vial with he hand ... but it 's no use . he quickly climb over the box , onto the buckboard seat . but the rein be drag on the ground beneath the froth horse . West leap onto the horse as the wagon careen down the street . he pull himself over the first one 's neck ... onto the next horse . and as he try for the lead horse , he fall between they ! 19 int . fat - can be - night 19 Gordon / dora sing . he / she struggle through the song in a very tough room . gordon / dora ' and tell they I try ... and tell they I cry ... ' just when it look like the stone - face rowdy might rip he / she apart , mcgrath start tapping a mud-cake toe . encourage , Gordon / dora belt out the next verse over ... 20 ext . country road - wild wagon ride - night 20 West 's custom boot drag in the dirt as he 's about to be trample under the hoof of the freak - out horse . and if he have not get enough problem , the lynch pin attach the team to the wagon have almost work its way out . close - back of wagon - nitro vial ( continued ) 10 . 20 continued : 20 clanking together like chime ... close - west strain with every ounce of strength in he body , he pull himself up by the harness onto ... close - wild - eyed lead horse West grab for the halter . west whoa now ...! but it do not whoa . the wagon go around a corner up on two wheel ! it 's about to tilt over when West grab both the horse ' ear , yank they back -- scream into they . west I say , whoa !!! this approach seem to work . 21 ext . rise above fat - can be - night 21 the team come to a abrupt stop ... and with it the wagon hang over the edge of a steep drop . Jim carefully climb off . he slap the dust on he jacket , straighten the crease in he trousers . when he look up , a bitter smile . west well , well , this be workin ' out to be a perfect day . my man ... he Pov - victorian build - across STREET the tasteful sign under the red light read : " fat - can candy be . " and frame in the window , General mcgrath with he sing soile dove . west ( o.s. ) ... General bloodbath mcgrath . 11 . 22 int . fat - can be - close - mcgrath 22 mcgrath be clap with the crowd of misfit who be now sing along with Gordon / dora . he / she 's win over the room . gordon / crowd ( rouse finish ) and tell they I try just the same ...! he / she curtsy to rouse applause . mcgrath beam like a man with the fire in he loin roaring . he grab he little songbird and up the stair they go . out the window , we see West tracking they . simul - taneously go up outside step . 23 int . fat - can be - upstair - gordon / dora 23 lead the sweat , leer General down the hall . he / she quickly open and close boudoir door -- ostensibly to find a free room for they assignation . the real agenda be to find the mysterious trunk . angle on doorway # 1 Quick peek . he / she register a mild reaction of shock . close that door and move on to ... angle on doorway # 2 Quick peek . the two reb sit on the trunk . at they foot be a wriggle burlap sack . the " merchandise " be alive . Gordon / dora giggle like a schoolgirl . gordon / dora well , that 's a new one . mcgrath slam the door , drag Gordon / dora roughly ... 24 int . boudoir - continuous action 24 we soile dove have she back to the door as if steeling herself for the task at hand . mcgrath beckon she over to the bed . mcgrath do not let the ear scare you . I lose it at chickamauga . Gordon / dora squint at the jerry-rigged ear . ( continued ) 12 . 24 continued : 24 gordon / dora oh really . one can hardly notice ... ( fiddle with she belt buckle ) would you mind ...? I ... I ... can not seem to release the clasp of my belt . say no more . mcgrath be on she like a flash , fidget with it . but it pop open , revealing a spiraling screen courtesy of Dr. mesmer . his eye lock onto it . mcgrath wha ... what 's this ? gordon / dora it 's a deep , deep pool . maybe you old swimmin ' hole . get sleepy , General ? mcgrath ( ga -ga ) yes , I be sleepy . mcgrath sit on the floor . Gordon smile ... this be gonna be easy . gordon ( normal voice ) good . you be go to be my little doggy . and when I say ' speak , ' you tell I everything I want to know . understood ? mcgrath ( bark ) woof ! gordon all right , little doggy . sit up . ( as he do ) now tell I who 's in the sack next door . be it the scientist , Dr. escobar ? speak ! mcgrath woof ! woof ! gordon speak word , dumb doggy ! tell I the name of the man you kidnap he for ... ( continued ) 13 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 but mcgrath do not answer . Gordon 's mesmer spiral slow to a stop . mcgrath be come out of the trance . mcgrath start to growl , rip at he / she petticoat . gordon watch the swirl spiral ! lie down , bad dog ! as Gordon notice that he contraption 's fail ... 25 omitted 25 26 int . fat - can be - boudoir - gordon / dora 26 be busy try to get the spiral go again , do not see mcgrath reach for he boot knife . just as the derange general 's about to plunge it into Gordon / dora ... ... the window explode . Jim West come tumble into the room , kick the knife out of mcgrath 's hand in one smooth move . West roll to he foot , fix a gallant smile on Gordon / dora . west do not mean to startle you , mar 'am . look like you could use some help . it take Gordon a moment to recover . he stare at this black samaritan , obviously have no clue who he be . gordon ( clear throat to recover falsetto ) look can be deceivin ' ... dark stranger . I be perfectly fine . West quickly pat mcgrath down , remove a revolver and he bag of gold coin . west I can see that , darlin' . woman of you caliber probably get top dollar , too . so here you go . ( flip she mcgrath 's coin bag ) you can run along . I will take care of mcgrath . as West stick the barrel of he gun in mcgrath 's gramophone ear , Gordon 's eye pop . ( continued ) 14 . 26 continued : 26 gordon / dora no ! I need he ! west c'mon , lady . you get the money . have a little dignity . Gordon jerk West 's gun hand away from mcgrath 's head just as the dog-soldier come around . mcgrath suddenly lunge at he . mcgrath ( bellow ferociously ) West ...!!! he drive he full weight into Jim 's back , push he out into ... 27 int . fat - can be - upstair hall 27 mcgrath 's rebel yell bring help from all direction . door bang open all along the hallway . not just mcgrath 's man , but Hudson and he crew . a melee will ensue . West push the monster off of he , roll as a bullet splinter the wood where he just be . the shot start ... angle - stampede of semi -clad whore all scream hysterically and head for the exit . the beautiful young singer , who would be come up the stair alone , be now sweep back down they . Gordon , still in character , push he way upstream to the room where the scientist be hold . 28 int . fat - can be - adjacent room - night 28 Hudson , he back turn , bark order at he henchmen . hudson get escobar out of here ! the henchmen heft the wriggle sack , when : gordon ( o.s. ) leave he right there . ( continued ) 15 . 28 continued : 28 Hudson whirl to see the gruff- talk Gordon / dora hold the perfume bottle on he like it 's a colt 45 . now Gordon shake one of the heavy bracelet off he wrist , click a lock , snap it open . he 's accessorize with custom handcuffs . gordon let 's go , Hudson ... hand ! Hudson give a sick little smile , reach for he gun when ... wssssht ! Gordon spray he in the eye with the second bulb of the atomizer . ( the first mace ! ) Hudson howl in pain , drop the gun , rub he eye madly with both hand . gordon thank ... you . Gordon start to snap the cuff on the perfectly present wrist when ... 29 fat -can be - upstair hall - west - night 29 brawling a dozen attacker . West spot mcgrath try to escape down the stair . he uncork a lethal kick , send a thug fly through the doorway and into the back of Gordon . Gordon stagger , drop the perfume / mace bottle which shatter . Hudson recover he vision enough to send a fist into Gordon 's mascarae face , pile -drive he back into the hall . while Hudson and he man make they escape down the back stair with the scientist sack ... close - west and gordon West be block from chase mcgrath , Gordon from go after Hudson . West try to push she aside . west U.S. Army ... now get outta my way , lady ! gordon ( the baritone growl ) I be no lady ! I be a U.S. marshal ! you get out of my way ! Gordon whip off he wig , reach inside it for something . West blink at the weirdness , reflexively draw he colt . as Gordon withdraw not a gun , but a badge , from he wig ... 16 . 30 ext . rise above fat can be - carriage - night ( same time ) 30 be wait at the top of the hill beside the nitro wagon . Dr. loveless be beside it , face still shadow . inside carriage - fair - skinned beauty have opera glass train on the second story of fat - can' . her name be lippenreider . and now we will see why . lippenreider ( in a monotone ) get out of my way ... get out of my way ... U.S. Army ... U.S. marshal . loveless oh , dear ... the lip-read be interrupt by the arrival of ... angle - top of incline - hudson and he henchmen who come racing up with the scientist - in- the-sack . hudson Federal agent inside , sir ! loveless so miss lippenreider inform I . ( sigh ) still , I believe good manners dictate we should send out ... his cane telescope out and loveless poke the lynch pin out of the harness on the nitro wagon . then he give the wagon the slight push . loveless ... the welcome wagon . once start , the wagon roll downhill , toward the back door of fat -can candy 's , pick up speed ... then , as he female coterie pull the burlap sack into the carriage , loveless step in behind . and they be off . 31 int . fat can be - upstair hall - night 31 West and Gordon , oblivious to the impending disaster ... west so now what ...? ( continued ) 17 . 31 continued : 31 the answer be provide as the nitro wagon hit downstairs . kaboooooom !!! theme music up ... as we roll ... 32 MAIN title 32 the title be the familiar animated freeze frame from the tv show . in the two corner be we heroes -- Upper leave show West with he gun levell toward ... upper right -- Gordon with he wig in one hand and he badge in the other , point across toward West . the cowboy / agent in the middle square fight and defeat the various bad guy . then as he exit , quick zoom on main title : " the wild wild west . " pan down to a sketch of a train caboose as title end ... 33 ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. - day ( 1869 ) 33 West ride he magnificent black stallion down Pennsylvania Avenue . besides horse - draw carriage , West share the dusty road with people on bicycle -- the latest craze . he finally pull he steed up at he destination ... ext . white house - day West dismount , tie he horse to a hitching post and wince as he put he weight on a sore leg . 34 int . white house - day 34 West limp past black floor scrubber . they stop work to marvel at this handsome black man dress in custom cowboy dud walk in there like he own the place . but not everybody 's so impressed . as West head toward the oval Office , four self - important house detective block he way . house detective whoa there , ' pardner . ' ( as West stop ) win the war may have get you forty acre and a mule , but you can not just traipse into the President 's office . now gimme that gun . ( continued ) 18 . 34 continued : 34 he nod at the six gun on West 's hip . West coolly flexe he hand above it , like he 's about to draw ... west this gun ? then like lightning , with he other hand , he whip out a saw - off shotgun hide by he jacket . he poke the 12 - gauge barrel up against pinkerton 's surprised crotch . west or this one ? a voice stop the situation from escalate further . president grant ( o.s. ) gentlemen ! the detective 's head swivel around to see ... angle - oval office door - president grant stand in the doorway . president grant do not make Captain West any later for he appointment than he already be ! the detective back away from the hair - trigger cowboy as fast as they can . West reholster the gun and continue ... 35 int . white house - oval office 35 President grant go over to he desk , light a cigar . backlit in the haze , the portly bearded figure life up to the myth . president grant be a lot of death threat lately ... cabinet make I hire some damn detective . ( by way of apology ) drink , cigar ? west thank you , sir . West limp across the room to the bar , pour himself a glass of whiskey , take a cigar out of the humidor . ( continued ) 19 . 35 continued : 35 president grant I hear you let General mcgrath get away ? now West 's blood be up . west Sir , I have he right in my hand when some half - a- sissy wearin ' a dress ruin ... president grant ( cut he off ) artemus Gordon . west you ... know he ? president grant of course I know he , he 's the best marshal I have get ! he 's a genius . ( off West 's incredulous look ) Gordon have prove himself time and again as a very cun operator with a rapacious intellect . nothing will stop he from complete a mission for he President ... except the impulsive action of a headstrong cowboy ! West just look at he soberly . draw he gun and place it against the President 's head . grant 's eye widen . west who be you ? president grant I be the President of the United States ! West point the gun to the ceiling and pull the trigger . blam !!! as grant jump a foot and plaster rain down ... west wrong answer . who be you ? president grant I be the President of ... ( as West cock gun ) ... I be artemus Gordon . ( continued ) 20 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 West lower he gun , nod at Gordon 's class ring . west the President go to West Point ... not Harvard . president grant ( o.s. ) will somebody tell I what the hell this stunt be all about !?! 36 int . white house - oval office - side doorway - 36 president grant - day ( the real one ) stand in the doorway , hand on hip , surround by he house detective -- they gun draw . West nudge the fake grant in the fake belly with he gun barrel -- go ahead . sheepishly , Gordon start peel off he primitive , but effective , facial prosthetics . gordon Sir , in perilous time like this , I be simply illustrate how someone impersonate you could actually walk right into the very bowel of the White House ... just as Gordon make he intestinal allusion , West take a ceremonial bayonet off grant 's desk and poke a hole in the inflate bladder that be he fake paunch . the AIR hiss out , finish deflate with a flatulent r-r-rip . ( hey , the first whoopee cushion ? ) Gordon scowl at he . president grant you be clever , Gordon . one day it will get you kill . West smirk as grant look up at the bullet hole in the ceiling , then fix West with a disapprove eye . president grant ... and you , West -- not every situation call for you patent approach of shoot first , shoot later , shoot again -- then when they be all dead , try to ask a question or two . ( shake he head ) work together will be good for both of you . ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 21 . 36 continued : 36 west and gordon but , sir , I work ... president grant you work the way you Commander in Chief tell you to work . grant turn and exit frame . 37 int . white house - war room - continuous action - day 37 the place be a buzzing intelligence operation center -- state - of - the - art for the 1860' . Maps of the U.S. and the world be on the wall . various staff and military people work clacking telegraphs , printing machine that grind out report , etc . grant stop at a display of daguerreotype photo , all depict distinguished bewhisker man . president grant ten of we country 's best scientist ... all kidnap in the last year . by General mcgrath , it now seem . ( turn to they ) the fact be , gentleman , you have both be work on the same case all along . why do it take you so long to realize it ? west well , sir , one of we be still try to figure out if he be a man or a woman . the detective snicker over that one . grant 's have enough . president grant I do not have time for this bicker ! one week , if we be to believe this ... grant hold out a letter to Gordon and West . Gordon snatch it , read : president grant ( read ) ' General grant , the scientist that you seek be in my employ -- ( more ) ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 21a . 37 continued : ( A1 ) 37 president grant ( cont 'd ) -- creating a weapon system beyond the pale of contemporary imagination . History and justice be on my side . I suggest you put you affair in order . you have one week before you will surrender the U.S. government . ' ( continued ) 22 . 37 continued : 37 president grant this letter be deliver inside this . a aide present a glass case . Inside be a cake in the shape of the White House . gordon ( reach inside ) marzipan , be not it ? president grant ( grab he hand ) wait ! suddenly dozen of deadly - look spider swarm out from inside the cake . Gordon jerk he hand back . west it 's mcgrath , sir . the South be rise again . I be gonna stop it . gordon Sir , West 's obsession aside , mcgrath may be a vicious killer , but a mastermind he be not . so whom do we seek ? after consulting with Intelligence ... west ( cut he off ) mcgrath 's head for New Orleans . the longer we stand here talkin' , the farther away he get . I do not need ' Intelligence ' to tell I that . gordon ah , so that would mean you rely on ... stupidity ? grant 's have enough . president grant gentlemen ! I be leave today for Utah where the transcontinental railroad will be join at promontory Point . grant point to a map of the United States . the railroad line have be draw in ... still a gap between they . ( continued ) 23 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 president grant for the first time the United States will truly be united . ( turn , hold up letter ) someone want we divide . now look , you two be the best I have get . put aside you difference and stop this madman ... whoever he be . if you fail , well ... we may never know how great this country could have be . ( snap off a salute ) you have a week . dismiss ! they both return grant 's salute as the President stomp off . his aide now approach . aide the President have put a private train at you disposal . engine number five , track six . ( hold out a wrap box ) Mr. Gordon , the item you request . Gordon take the box , hurry to catch up with West . 38 ext . white house - day 38 West and Gordon , walk toward the hitching post . West be so beside himself he can barely untie he high - voltage stud . he glower at Gordon who go over to where ... angle - strange - looking bicycle be park on the other side of a bush . it have the customary big wheel in the front , little wheel in the back . ( Hidden from sight be a motor on the front tire . dual manifold that sling under the rider 's leg . ) West shake he head in disgust . west figure . gordon I call it the bi-axle nitro - combust ... ( continued ) 24 . 38 continued : 38 west save it . I have gotta train to catch . West swing into the saddle . he look at the snorting wild horse under he , then down at Gordon attach the box onto the seat of he nitro-whatever . west ( snap off a smug salute ) yee-haaa !! West spur he horse and leave Gordon in the proverbial cloud of dust . although West 's intention be clear , for some reason , Gordon 's in no particular hurry . he sigh , climb on the bike , take out a hankie and clean a pair of goggle . then , finally ready ... gordon avant !!! vrooom ! a engine kick in and Gordon rocket forward . ( yep , artemus have invent the first motorcycle ! ) fiery exhaust blast out of the manifold as the bike propel he down the street at about 60 mph right past ... angle on west and he stallion who both look over in wide - eye shock . the horse rear as Gordon scream by -- leave they in a cloud of internal combustion . 39 ext . C STREET train station - train engine - day 39 from in front , as it chug toward we . sitting up in the spanking new steam engine ( no. 5 ) be a white - haire coleman . the wanderer be he pride and joy . coleman push the throttle forward and the engine roar past we ... follow by a tender , and two gleam passenger car . then come West thundering past in a desperate effort to catch up . ( continued ) 25 . 39 continued : 39 angle - with west riding like hell . get the last ounce of speed out of he well - lather steed , he finally pull alongside the rear passenger car . he look up ... in the window , we see Gordon engross in what he 's do ... which appear to be sewing . west stop this train !! you hear I !?! if Gordon hear he , he pretend not to . he just casually make the next stitch . West 's horse have have it . they be lose ground to the train . at the last second , West lean over at full gallop and grab a handle on the side of the train . he swing out of the saddle , hang on for dear life , blow in the breeze like laundry . finally , he boot find a small metal plate to put its weight on . just as West stand safely on it ... whoosh ! he fly up in the air and drop through a slide partition in the roof . 40 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 40 the car be like a classy victorian man 's club . bar stock with crystal decanter , a pool table , decorative pistol on the wall , book , etc . Gordon , seat in a club chair , look over as West fall from the ceiling into a seat . he 's hot , dusty and very piss off . he glower at Gordon murderously . gordon ( calmly ) thanks for drop in . west forget the bike , the beard , the fake booby . put down the needlepoint and let 's settle this like man ! he take off jacket , start roll up he sleeve . Gordon remain remarkably cool , continue sewing . gordon as a matter of clarification , this be not needlepoint . this be . he show he some real needlepoint . ( continued ) 26 . 40 continued : 40 gordon right now , I be put the final touch on a new invention of my creation . I call it ... the impermeable . it 's a vest that , when wear under the clothing , can stop any modern bullet fire even at close range . West draw he gun , aim it at Gordon 's stomach and cock the trigger . west really ? Gordon quickly pull the vest away from he stomach . gordon but it have not be really test empirically yet . west get up ! West take off he gun and put they on the table . gordon ( yawn , yawn ) gun . I find they so primitive and unnecessary ... if one have do one 's proper plan . west yeah ? how do you feel about a fist ? Gordon put down the impermeable , stand with a weary sigh . gordon I must tell you , Mr. West , I have always feel that allow a situation to degenerate into physical violence be a failure on my part . west well then , ' Mr. ' Gordon , you fail . whap ! West unleash a lightning punch that drive Gordon across the train car . he dab at he bloody lip . ( continued ) 27 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 gordon I be sorry , Mr. West , you bring this on yourself . then to West 's utter amazement , Gordon put he hand together as if praying while at the same time , crook he right leg stork - like . be this some kind of martial art ? then , he bend at the waist , and like a ballet dancer , extend he leg out to the wall and flip a switch . it immediately triggers a leather hammer to swing down from the ceiling . it whacks West on the side of the head , and send he spin back onto the pool table . angle on pool table - west shake it off and be about to attack again . Gordon calmly poke a hide button . suddenly the pool table revolve . West be go . gordon I love this train ! 41 ext . underneath wanderer - day 41 West , eye wide , be cling on for dear life , stare at the tie racing by , inch from he face . 42 int . wanderer - parlor car - gordon 42 Gordon pour a fine bordeaux , speak loudly toward floor . gordon the President ask for my suggestion on how to make the wanderer both comfortable and functional ... as he swishes the wine in he mouth ... 43 ext . under wanderer - day ( same time ) 43 West reach up to get a handhold in the myriad of tube and wire on the underside of the car . as he rip one tube out of the undercarriage ... 28 . 44 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 44 Gordon have just settle into the club chair , put he wine down on the table . gordon and while you be down there , you may want to avail yourself of my sub-carriage inter-rail egressor ... suddenly shackle SNAP out of the arm of the chair , pin Gordon 's wrist . before he know what hit he , the floor open and the club chair disappear . 45 ext . under wanderer - day 45 Gordon appear upside down in the chair , chagrine at he predicament . West look from the escape trolley Gordon be talk about back to he partner . west only one doin ' any ' egressin ' be gonna be you . gordon ( wide - eye ) perhaps the President be right about we put aside we petty difference . ( recite above the clatter ) ' the opposite be beneficial , from thing that differ come the fairest attunement . ' aristotle . suddenly they flip out of frame and back into the car , shocked to find themselves face ... 46 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 46 coleman 's a scowling , grizzle old man in a coal-stain suit . he 's get a fire in he eye , brown spittle in the corner of he mouth where a cigarette butt life permanently , and a large copper pot in he hand . coleman knock each other about all ya please , but harm my train and I will douse ya like dog . he threaten they with the pot of steaming liquid . now , for the first time , Gordon really look troubled . ( continued ) 29 . 46 continued : 46 gordon that 's my veal reduction sauce ! coleman well then , let 's get on about we business , shall we , gentleman ? now , where to ? west New Orleans . gordon shall we let Professor Morton decide ? west who ? 47 int . wanderer lab car - dusk 47 a severe human head be in a vise . gordon meet Professor thaddeus Morton , expert in the field of metallurgy ... discover in a field of alfalfa . kidnap from m.i.t. six month ago . West look from the head to the open box . west that 's a man 's head ! Gordon hold up a strange , circular metallic object . gordon ... and this magnetic collar be around it when he body be discover . have not figure that one out yet ... but West be still stare in disbelief at the head . west that 's a man 's head . Gordon start fiddling with a lantern position behind the head . ( continued ) 30 . 47 continued : 47 gordon accord to the retinal terminus Theory ... a die person 's last conscious image be burn into the back of the eyeball like a photograph . perhaps there 's a clue there ... excite , Gordon turn on the lantern attach to the back of he head . beam of light be come through he eyeball , create a blurry color image on the wall . gordon Morton 's last image ! west that 's a man 's head ! West turn he head sideways to try to view the invert image project on the wall . Gordon realize the problem . gordon ah . the refraction of the lense cause the image to appear upside down . we simply ... he turn Morton 's head in the vise . it 's right side up , but still blurry . angle on wall - fuzzy image appear . it 's a man who have a tiny Victrola horn for a ear . he 's hold a bloody metal boomerang . west it 's mcgrath . I be right all along . Gordon see something in mcgrath 's pocket . gordon he seem to have something in he pocket ... too fuzzy to read , though ... Gordon drum he finger on he great frontal lobe , stymy . gordon mortification of the aqueous humor seem to have lead to the loss of ... ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 31 . 47 continued : ( 2 ) 47 west ... glass . West take the bifocal out of the box , casually put they on Morton 's nose . West now gesture to the wall . close - image on wall the white blur in the man 's pocket be now focus . we can see that it 's the top of a piece of paper . he read the write on it . west ' Friends of the South ! come to a surprise costume Ball . April 14 , eight -thirty . 346 Garden Street ... ' ( lower glass , look up ) like I say .... New Orleans . 48 ext . new orlean train siding - night 48 we see the wanderer park on the siding as we hear voice over . gordon ( v.o. ) how about this ? you could come as my man servant ? 49 int . wanderer - lab car - night 49 Gordon have he wardrobe open . selected from he vast array of costume and disguise be a full livery outfit . gordon how about this ? you could come as my man servant . west ( slave voice ) oh yes , massa Gordon , dat what I will do . and I will jus ' smile and do as I 's tole so that people win ' ever know that I would rather shoot myself in the head than play you god damned man servant ! West be right in Gordon 's face . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 32 . 49 continued : 49 gordon I have a horse costume . ( then , cheery ) you could be the head . west the only thing I need to wear be this . West strap on he holster . gordon okay , if you insist on carry a firearm , I have something I think you will find intrigue ... Gordon display a belt with a silver buckle . he tap the buckle ... a derringer pop out . West stare , impressed . gordon and it would go nicely with this ... Gordon take out a sequine dress , hold the derringer up against it . west Jim West do not wear a dress . gordon then what 's you plan ? west how ' bout this : I will go as a government agent who 's gonna kill mcgrath . gordon a armed , negro cowboy costume , how creative . in a room full of white southerner , you oughtta fit right in . you might even win first prize ! West start to walk away . Gordon grab he . gordon listen to I . the art of disguise be what 's go to get we into that party , thus allow we to find this kidnap scientist before they be force to create something that will destroy this great country . ( more ) ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 33 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 gordon ( cont 'd ) now you and I be the choose one , Jim . we be under direct order from the President himself . and we mission be clear : save we country . we freedom be at stake and this be we duty as man . now , you go as a riverboat captain and I will be a saloon girl . west let I tell you a little something about beloved ' art of disguise ' ... that night at fat - can' , I know you be not a woman . gordon but I be proposition by three man . west Gordon , you look nasty . you breast be all hard and stiff , and be stick straight out like two rusty cannon on a sink ship . Gordon grab he fake breast off the rack . he put they on . gordon this be a work of art . scientifically and aesthetically perfect . west they look like shit . gordon touch they . west I do not wanna touch them . I can see I do not like them . gordon what , be you afraid you be wrong ? touch my breast . West touch Gordon 's fake breast . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 33A . 49 continued : ( 3 ) 49 angle - coleman walk through the next car , carry a tray of tea . Gordon 's last line get he attention . what the ...? coleman peek around the corner to see West eyeing Gordon 's " chest . " coleman ( to himself ) I know it . well , I will have no part of it ! coleman shake he head and walk off . angle - west and gordon West be thwapping Gordon 's breast . west there , Gordon , you happy ? I be touch you breast . gordon not so rough . the buckwheat will come out . west buckwheat ? that 's you problem . West take one of the cow udder out of Gordon 's bodice and dump the buckwheat onto the ground . gordon what be you do ? West go over to a wash basin , pick up a water pitcher and fill the cow bladder . West squeeze the cow bladder shut and hold it up to he chest . west now , squeeze this . this be what a breast should feel like . angle - coleman pass back through the next car . when he hear that last line , he can not believe it . he peek in again to see ... gordon whoa ... ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 33b . 49 continued : ( 4 ) 49 west be not that nice ? gordon very nice . coleman 's mouth drop . he 's sweat . west now touch yourself . gordon you win . I be hard . coleman ( disgust ) Federal officer , bah ! coleman walk off , shaking he head . back to scene suddenly , Gordon shoot the cuff off he jacket . out of one sleeve come a pen . out the other , a small pad of paper . they be both connect to a spring - load metal gizmo up he sleeve . West react , draw he pistol up into Gordon 's face . gordon I be just go to jot down a think . west you know something , that 's a good place to put a gun . gordon but then , where would I keep my notepad . west you know , artemus , I think you underestimate the convenience of a pocket . 50 ext . loveless mansion ( new orlean ) - carriage - night 50 carry some costume swell pass through wrought- iron gate guard by some of mcgrath 's ex - reb . follow it up a Spanish moss - drape drive to a huge Garden District mansion . as the carriage pull to a stop in front ... wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 33c . 51 ext . loveless mansion - carriage - night 51 Jim West drop to the ground from where he would hitched a ride underneath . he roll into the shadow of the house . when he stand , he 's face to face with a huge guard with a gun . guard you get about as much chance of havin ' a invitation as he . he smirk at a lawn jockey . West reach into he coat . west matter of fact , get it right here . he withdraw he hand . while the Guard squint at he empty palm , West grab he head with he other hand and smack it into the lawn jockey 's fist ... clang ! West lean the cold - cocked Guard against the house , use he shoulder as a step , boost he up to ... 34 . 52 ext . loveless mansion - balcony - night 52 West grab the ironwork underneath and acrobatically swing himself over the rail . as he break the pane on the french door with he gun butt ... 53 int . loveless mansion - upstair room - night 53 West let himself in . then just as he 's about to part the heavy drape ... he hear woman 's voice approach . woman ( o.s. ) ( in a Spanish accent ) hey ... get you hand off I ! now miss lippenreider , amazonia and munitia ( bewigge and wear costume ) wrangle a beautiful and defiant latina into the room . when she turn we recognize she 's the singer from fat - can' . rita be in she early 20 , wear a 19th - century camisole so scanty , it make it hard to concentrate on what she 's say . rita put I in the dungeon with all that smelly , dirty bearded man ... but I be not goin ' in there . amazonia you apply for the position . rita yeah , a stand up position . I be a entertainer , not a ... amazonia grab she by the throat , choke the word off . miss lippenreider do not be selfish and stupid . he always spoil he new girl . rita yeah . well gimme a simple diamond bracelet instead of that ... Pov - through door - into bedroom a ramp lead to a large bed . a leather and steel prosthesis be hang from pulley attach to the ceiling . munitia it be not so bad ... once the metal warm up . ( continued ) 35 . 53 continued : 53 amazonia just pick she up and drag the hapless rita into the room . West emerge from behind the curtain , shake he head . weird . he ease out the door and into ... 54 int . loveless mansion - upstair hallway - night 54 West hear the party din come from down below . he go to the balcony . west be Pov - over stair landing - downstair the scene below be hallucinogenically surreal . a babel of foreign language be the first thing that strike we . avant garde music be come from two 10x10 quartet box on either side of the room to create stereo . sultry woman ( o.s. ) a authentic cowboy outfit ... complete with six - gun ! West turn to see who bust he . come he way be a ravish chinese girl dress up as a dragon lady . dragon lady what a terribly clever costume , mr...? west ... west. Jim West . dragon lady well ... West meet East . mae Lee east. ( hold out delicate hand ) be you here alone , Mr. West ? west actually I be , uh try to surprise a old friend -- General mcgrath . see he around anywhere ? miss east ( dragon lady ) I do not believe that name be on we guest list . and I would know . I be Dr. loveless 's personal assistant . the name mean something to West . ( continued ) 36 . 54 continued : 54 west Dr. arliss loveless ...? one of the great founder of the confederacy with jefferson Davis . funny how most people think he 's dead . miss east tonight 's he come - out party . we follow they as she take he arm and lead he down the stair , into the party . 55 int . loveless mansion - downstair - party - night 55 West survey the crowd . miss east see anybody that look familiar ? West scan the room . stop . west matter of fact , I do . west be Pov - woman with big hair she 's get the mole , too . Gordon have apparently encore he soil dove get -up . miss East see who he 's look at . she make a pouty face as there 's a flourish from the stereo quartet . miss east I be ... jealous . ( blow a little kiss at he ) meet I later ... in the foyer . West watch as she join ... 56 int . loveless mansion - downstair - party - rest of 56 loveless ' women - night miss East lead they in a sober rendition of " the Battle hymn of the Republic " in front of a large doorway . distaff corp ( sing ) ' mine eye have see the glory of the come of the Lord ... ' ( continued ) 37 . 56 continued : 56 from behind the door we hear the whir of a elevator . it stop with a clunk . suddenly ... new angle - doorway burst open and abraham lincoln in a mini-float appear . it 's deck out like lincoln 's box at Ford 's theater . on its own power , it move past the laugh party - goer in the foyer . now the woman throw grape on the floor . distaff corp ( sing ) ' he have trample down the vintage where the grape of wrath be store !' west be Pov - angle on wheel of wheelchair be what 's trample down the vintage . West take in the whole man . very curious . then suddenly ... kaboom ! angle on abe' head it explode like a pinata . up from the hole in he neck peep ... DR. arliss loveless . loveless ( impishly ) do not you just hate that song ? the Southern crowd gasp at loveless 's dramatic appearance . loveless why , y'all look like you have see a ghost ! it 's I , dear friend , alive and kick ! well , alive , anyway ... as he giggle , the distaff corps surround he and remove the lincoln paraphernalia . then step aside , revealing ... new angle - dr . loveless be half a man . literally . cut off at the waist and mount on a wheelchair platform that be power by a engine , he be a man bereft of tuchus , kishke and everything else in that vicinity that make life interesting . ( continued ) 38 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 loveless ( chuckle ) we may have lose the war , but heaven know ... we have not lose we sense of humor ! Dr. loveless look down at himself , smoothes half of he fritz lang metropolis - style suit . his face turn dark as he survey the crowd . loveless not even when we have lose a lung ... a spleen ... a bladder ... two leg ... thirty - five foot of small intestine and we ability to reproduce ... ( like a preacher ) all in the name of the South ... ( then quietly ) ... do we lose we sense of humor . you can hear a pin drop . loveless turn to the foreign dignitary . loveless I owe a deep debt of gratitude to my friend across the sea for they comfort and ... succor . he suddenly seem distract by the comely beauty that surround he . then abruptly , manically ... loveless so ...! mi casa es su casa ! ma maison est a vous ! let the party begin !!! loveless signal to the quartet to resume play . miss East lean down and whisper in he ear . loveless look in West 's direction . now loveless wheel over to West . West be not hide . he 's cocky in the face of roll danger . loveless Mr. West , how nice of you to join we tonight ... and add color to this monochromatic proceedings . West keep a lid on he temper . two can play at this game . ( continued ) 39 . 56 continued : ( 3 ) 56 west well , when a man come back from the dead , it 's a occasion to stand and be count . loveless smile slightly . loveless miss East inform I that you be expect to meet General mcgrath here . I know he year ago ... but have not see he in a coon 's age . west I bet a man like yourself would find it difficult to keep in touch with even half the people you know . danger flicker in loveless 's eye . he look to miss East . loveless perhaps the lovely miss East will keep you from be a slave to you disappointment . west well , you know beautiful woman ... they encourage you one second , cut the leg out from under you the next . loveless 's face drop . he be no longer amused . miss East wink at West , then accompany loveless in the direction of the study where ... 57 int . loveless mansion - outside study - night 57 General mcgrath wait impatiently . he take two champagn off a pass tray , guzzle they , then wipe he mouth on dolly madison 's bustle . as he eye sweep the room ... angle - west he duck behind a mountain man carry the french tricolor . when loveless and General mcgrath disappear into the study and close the door , West ease after they . he pause as he pass the " soil dove , " lean into she big bouffant . he regards a stain - glass window pattern with a spider over she shoulder . ( continued ) 40 . 57 continued : 57 west hey , honey ... I see a big ole spider up on the wall . hope it do not drop down you pretty dress . as the soil dove jump a little , West continue over to the study door . now the soil dove turn , and we see the scared / confuse expression . maybe it 's because she be not artemus . angle - gordon - across room he 's the mountain man in the fringe jacket . and right now he 's shaking he head as he watch West resort to a decidedly low - tech surveillance method of loveless 's study . gordon peek through the keyhole ...? so 18th century . 58 int . loveless mansion - study - west's Pov through 58 keyhole - night mcgrath pace in front of loveless 's desk . mcgrath Dr. loveless , my man be ready to go to war with no weapon to fight . ever since the nitro and the gun be destroy at fat - can 's , lice and demoralization have set in ! loveless you man will have they weapon tonight . and my promise that they will be part of the great military victory of this century ! mcgrath 's face relax into a pyorrheic grin . mcgrath oh , you be a pip , sir ! I would follow you into the maw of cerberus himself ! loveless take pencil in hand and draw a map on the desk . ( continued ) 41 . 58 continued : 58 loveless and so you shall . ( make a X ) have you man here at ... 10 o'clock tonight . loveless wheel he chair toward the door with mcgrath behind he fold up the map ... 59 int . loveless mansion - outside study - west - night 59 duck out of the way as loveless and mcgrath emerge from the study . as they disappear into the throng of well - wisher , West take a thin lock - pick out of he hat band . it take he a moment or two , but the lock finally click . then West slip inside , apparently undetected -- except by a unimpress Gordon . 60 int . loveless mansion - study - west - night 60 move quickly to the desk past wall fill with oil portrait of various loveless relative . the one behind the desk be in the style of gainsborough . a loveless uncle be stand on a windswept grouse moor , two English setter by he side , a Holland and Holland double hold in the crook of he arm . West turn he attention to the desk blotter . there 's a faint imprint where loveless draw the map . West take he penknife and a pencil -- grate some graphite into the depression . he 's just about to do a rub on a piece of paper when ... someone swipe it out of he hand . angle on miss east hand on hip , she give he a " naughty , naughty " look . miss east I say to meet I in the foyer . west oh , the foy-aay . sorry , I have never be much good at french . but instead of scolding he further , miss East plant a over-heate kiss on he . tongues be involved . as they break , she give a little nod of approval . miss east au contraire ... ( continued ) 42 . 60 continued : 60 she push he down into Dr. loveless 's chair . miss east so let 's see , Mr. West ... be you a dangerous spy of some sort ? or just a handsome cowboy who like to ... poke around . west um ... that second one . she start to undo the button of he trousers . but West have a job to do . well , maybe he can do two job at once ... 61 int . loveless mansion - party - gordon - same time - 61 night be be the perfect party guest , move through the crowd chit-chatt with this person and that ( in french , Spanish , german ) when he see something of interest . munitia and lippenreider come out of a upstairs bedroom , lock it behind they . hmmm . what 's in there ? as he start upstairs , amazonia appear , block he way . gordon howdy there ... big sturdy gal . yer dance card full ? amazonia stare at he , then spiel off a couple line in a foreign language that make Gordon 's eye widen . he understand what she say and it 's not flatter . Gordon move off in a shock . 62 int . loveless mansion - study - west and east - night 62 be lock in a passionate embrace . West manage to position she nearly - naked rear end over the graphite powder . very carefully , he stand , push she buttock onto the desk and then roll she off . the imprint on she leave cheek be perfect . but unfortunately , it 's backwards ! close - west damn . he let miss East concentrate on what she 's do , which from the sound o.s. , do not appear to be a demonstration of the correct way to butter corn . ( continued ) 43. 62 continued : 62 West spy a mirror on the other side of the room and raise she ass up into position so he can see the correct reflection . angle on mirror - map come into view . it clearly show the meeting place to be malheureux Point , northeast of New Orleans . but the mirror reflect something else of interest ... 63 int . loveless mansion - study - painting - night 63 the painting behind he have come to life . the loveless in the painting swing a real shotgun around and be point it at the back of West 's head . close - west suddenly contort he upper torso just as a explosion rip the back of the chair where he head would have be . he draw and shoot the would - be assassin , who fall out of the painting , dead . West turn to see ... angle on miss east a surprised look on she face . a hole in she forehead . he lower she head gently to the ground , regards she map-imprint rear end . west thanks for helpin ' I get to the bottom of this case . 64 ext . loveless mansion - outside study - west - night 64 emerge just as a kentucky reel start up . he weave he way through the dance floor and spot the soil dove look - alike out on the floor . West reluctantly straighten he shoulder and cut in . this bold move get some look of disapproval from the pecan pie crowd . angle on west and soiled dove ringer dance . both look straight ahead , not at each other . West so as not to attract any more attention . his partner because she 's scared shitless of this strange negro who keep hound she . ( continued ) 44 . 64 continued : 64 west Real impressed the way you get the dance floor stake out . maybe one of you missin ' scientist will cut in . ( dip ) think you should know that while you be try to decide what shoe to wear tonight ... ( twirl ) I find that we host , Dr. loveless ... West look over to where loveless be lead a contingent of foreigner out a side exit . west ... be meeting mcgrath and he troops at malheureux Point in a hour . ( bend she back ) so you enjoy the party . I be gonna go save the Republic . the soil dove look - alike be speechless . before he go , West lean in , smirk . west but I will say , good work on you bladder tonight ... they be damn perky . and just to dig the grave deeper , West lay hand on they and give they a little squeeze . this immediately elicit a scream and a slap in the face that shock the bejesus out of the black cowboy . and he 's not the only one . angle on crowd stare at he . we know what they be think , but the Mountain man behind West say it for everyone . gordon / mountain man hang he ! and with that , Gordon open he deerskin jacket to reveal he own rope , which he throw to the mob . West look back at the character in amazement . that 's Gordon ?! before West can say or do anything , gun be at he temple , and he 's sweep out of the room . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 45 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 Gordon calmly straighten he coonskin cap , seemingly uninterested in West 's imminent hang . in the hubbub of everyone rush out for the hang , Gordon head up the unguard stair to the lock room . as he pull out he high tech auto-wind lock - pick and quickly gain entrance to the door ... 65 ext . loveless mansion - courtyard - night 65 Hand -held torch illuminate . the rope be toss over a lamp post . pan down to where one of the mob , dress as GEORGE WASHINGTON , be bind West 's hand behind he back . GEORGE WASHINGTON look like we be gonna have to teach y'all a little lesson on how to behave in polite society . west do not grab a white lady 's booby at the big redneck dance . be that the lesson ? well , I learn it . do not scratch you head with the shrimp fork . I get that one too . so whaddaya say we call this off ? 66 int . loveless mansion - upstair bedroom - gordon - 66 night ease in , stop at what he see . and it sure be not scientist . beside the bed , lock in a iron disco - like cage , be rita , still wear she scanty outfit . Gordon squint at she , give a charming smile . gordon I feel as if we know each other from someplace ...? rita try again , buster ...! she take a breath as if she 's go to start scream . Gordon quickly hold up a hand . ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 46 . 66 continued : 66 gordon ma'am , please ! while I realize I look like something straight out of James fenimore Cooper ... I mean you no harm . my name be artemus Gordon . and you look like you be in trouble . rita ( dryly ) really ? to rita 's amazement , Gordon open he jacket and unbutton he vest to reveal ... a complete miniature tool shop . quickly he pull out a thin cable and attaches it to a tiny wheel on the spur of one of he boot . rita I be rita . I be hire here as a entertainer . not that I be complain , but what be you doin ' in here ? gordon ( look up mile of leg ) look for some miss scientist ... not that I be complain . Gordon unsnap the sole of he shoe . it become a pedal that operate the wheel ' rotation . now he remove a bit and handle from he vest and attaches the cable . start to pump he foot . it 's a foot - power drill . gordon I be a special U.S. marshal on assignment from the President . rita ( almost impressed ) if you be so special , how come you be lookin ' up here when loveless have them all workin ' down in the dungeon ? ( rattles bar impatiently ) get I out of here and I will take you down there . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 47 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 gordon too late . the ' dungeon ' be clean out . it be the first place I check , right after I sample the gumbo . bit heavy on the okra . but rita be not listen to the food review . her mind 's racing . finally , the lock click and the cage door swing open . Gordon take the distress damsel in he arm , lift she out . rita ( suddenly a coquettish smile ) thank you ... artemus , be it ? gordon one do not forget a smile like that . now where in the world be it ...? have you ever play the Empire room ... the bijou Cafe perhaps ...? 67 ext . loveless mansion - courtyard - night ( same time ) 67 West be lift onto the back of a wagon . with the noose dangle in front of he nose , West address the crowd . west can I have everyone 's attention please . I think we have have a series of major misunderstandings and I would like to take a moment to clear they up . first , the whole drum on the booby thing . in my native land , Africa , my ancestor use drum to communicate between village . I be sure y'all can see that this young girl here can communicate all the way down to baton rouge . Hell , on a clear day , we might even get Galveston . all I be say be , ' how be you do , ' ' my name 's Jim , ' ' how 's you mama ? ' ( more ) ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 47a . 67 continued : ( A1 ) 67 west ( cont 'd ) second misunderstanding . that redneck comment . I be get the sense that some of you take that negatively . you know , some of my best friend be whiskey - guzzle , pot-belly redneck just like y'all here . ( then ) that slavery thing , I do not see what the big deal be . Hell , who would not want somebody to run around for they do chore . be you go to get you big , fat , lazy ass out of bed every morning and pick you own damn cotton . I do not think so . ( then ) let 's head on inside and knock back some shine . come on , back inside . no. okay . ( to soil dove ) I stand before you as a man who realize he have do something wrong and I be prepare to do the right thing . will you marry I ? soil dove gasp . west I will take that as a no . darling , would it help at all if I say I think you be a man ? the camera find the soil dove . she faint . back to scene west guess not . as West search desperately for sign of rescue by he " partner , " suddenly the wagon lurch forward ... GEORGE WASHINGTON hang he ! ( continued ) 48 . 67 continued : 67 new angle - west's feet as they plummet toward the ground . close - west's neck the rope catch ... and stretch ! close - west's feet as they slowly touch the ground . nobody be more confuse than West . angle on crowd how the fuck do that happen ? but before anybody can figure out Gordon 's trick rope , speak of the devil ... gordon ( o.s. ) hey -yaa !!! the crowd turn with alarm to see ... angle on team of charging horse nostril flare and wild - eye , be have they rump snap by Gordon 's rein . rita hold on for dear life as the mad Mountain man drive the carriage at full speed right into the crowd -- scatter they . angle on west he see he opportunity for rescue , put a foot into the back of George Washington , grab he gun , and somersault into the air ... angle on gordon and carriage - west land squarely in the back . and just as the rope start to stretch around he neck again , Gordon whirl around with a bowie knife and cut it . 68 ext . new orlean STREET near mansion - moving wagon - 68 night West lean into Gordon 's ear . ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 49 . 68 continued : 68 west hang be ...! suddenly , there 's a volley of shot from some cracker sharpshooter . West respond with a amazing display of rapid - FIRE marksmanship , pick off half a dozen of loveless 's shooter , even while the carriage bump wildly on its getaway . blamblamblamblam !!! west ( still piss , to Gordon ) hang be !?! gordon ( to rita ) meet my trigger - happy partner , James West ... who do not seem to realize that my carefully plan diversion give I the opportunity to search for the miss scientist . now West notice the half - dress bombshell in the carriage . west scientist , huh . gordon this be rita . I find she lock in a cage in loveless 's bedroom . she 's a entertainer . rita um , maybe I have not be quite honest about that ... my name be rita escobar . I come to find guillermo escobar , the scientist , my ... father . Gordon 's eye pop . gordon Professor escobar ?! he be the one I almost rescue that night when ... ( lightbulb ) that 's where I know you from ! fat - can candy 's ... you sing before I do . rita Excuse I ? ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 50 . 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 gordon that be I . burgundy dress with the bustle ... Gordon start sing the song ... West roll he eye , cut off the chit-chat . west look , rita , I be sorry you have the wrong agent work on you case . when I find you father I promise I will send he back safely ... and with that ... West suddenly leap over rita -- land on the back of one of the horse . he grab a handful of mane , lean over and unclip the harness . and with a kick in the rib , West be off at a gallop -- leave Gordon , one remain horse and a awed rita behind to chew he dust . rita he 's impulsive , James . 69 ext . offshore - loveless boat - night 69 Dr. loveless and he visit foreign dignitary be sip champagne . one of they be hold a little dog in he arm , barking at something in the dark . General mcgrath stand at the railing , uncharacteristically pensive . loveless roll over , hand he a glass of champagne . loveless well , General , it 's be a long journey from New Liberty . mcgrath visibly wince at the sound of it . mcgrath Sir , there be not a day that pass that I do not contemplate it . loveless yes , and so do I . so do i. ( reflexively reach for miss leg ) if I would only have the scientific understanding of gunpowder and primer that I have today ... ( continued ) 51 . 69 continued : 69 mcgrath that 's not what I mean . loveless look at he , puzzle , then get it . loveless oh , you mean the stomach - churn carnage that earn you you unfortunate nom de guerre ... loveless speak for the benefit of the other . loveless what be that nickname again ? mcgrath ( reluctantly ) ' bloodbath ' mcgrath ... the Butcher of New Liberty . ' 70 ext . malheureux point - marsh - night 70 a reb battalion wait in a foggy meadow that slope down to marsh . Beyond that be the Gulf of Mexico . we recognize one of the rebs from the cathouse . he open he pocket watch . reb # 1 they oughta be here by now . reb # 2 maybe we be in the wrong place . reb # 1 ( recheck map ) no , we be suppose to wait ' xactly on this here spot . suddenly they hear a clanking and screeching come from the marsh . they ready they arm and get in defensive position . what they can not see through the fog be ... angle - marsh - armore tank amphibiously sludge up through the mud and reed , pass by the dumbstruck soldier as it head to the center of the field . the contraption have a large cannon and gatling gun bristle from several port . the reb cheer they new weapon . the wild wild west - Rev. 7/1/98 52 . 71 ext . malheureux point - battlefield - night 71 now a mortar appear through the turret and fire a rocket that explode over the reb soldier , illuminate the field . as soldier shield they eye from the blind light ... angle - aerial shot - looking down on field unbeknownst to the reb , loveless have mow and stain the field with concentric line to give it a giant dart board appearance . suddenly the tank turret open FIRE on they . once over they initial shock , the reb FIRE back with they Springfield rifle . but the bullet ping off the tank 's impenetrable skin like goober peas . 72 ext . offshore - loveless boat - night 72 lippenreider be view the carnage through large binocular on a stand . General mcgrath turn from the rail and face loveless , outrage . mcgrath why you saw - off sadistic bastard ! you have betrayed we ! loveless turn to he , cock he head . loveless my dear General , after donate half my physical be create a weapon capable of do this ... how do you and General Lee repay my loyalty ? you surrender at appomattox ! so , who betrayed whom ? loveless turn to munitia hold a steno pad . loveless munitia , make note . turret speed need to be accelerate ! munitia ( to amazonia ) Change gear ratio from 2.2 to 2.8! amazonia push a sick dignitary away from the rail so she can get a sight line to the tank with she lantern semaphore . she begin flash the new gear ratio . ( continued ) 53. 72 continued : 72 amazonia a bucket for the minister , please ! now in the b.g. , we hear the gatling OPEN up . lippenreider be read the lip of the tank 's victim . lippenreider scream . scream . my head . I be die . scream . moan. scream . mcgrath loveless , I demand you give the order to stop this slaughter now ! loveless ( ignore he ) ... we be go to need more load drill ! I be hearing too much time between scream . as munitia scribbles dutifully , mcgrath shove she aside . he pull he pistol . mcgrath for the last time , give they the order to desist ! loveless , he back to he , be seemingly unconcern at have a gun barrel press against he skull . loveless General , I understand you distress . but believe I , that man be not die senselessly . it be for a far great cause than you can imagine . as loveless 's right index finger find a black button on the arm of he wheelchair ... close angle - loveless wheelchair arm the steel tube that comprise the armrest be actually shotgun barrel face fore and aft . mcgrath 's finger tighten on the trigger . wider mcgrath go straight to hell , sir ! ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 54 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 loveless after you ... sir . booom !!! mcgrath have a very startle expression as he look down at the aftereffect of double - ought buckshot . as he crumple to the deck , loveless sniff . loveless bloodbath mcgrath indeed . the dignitary 's dog start barking , jump to the deck . it sit next to the fall General 's gramophone ear and cock he head . with the rca logo invent we move back to ... angle on loveless he sigh at he pale guest . they do not seem to appreciate the efficiency of he slaughter . loveless well , that conclude the festivity . lady , feed he to the crab . munitia and amazonia unceremoniously dump mcgrath 's body overboard . sploosh ... loveless address the dignitary ... loveless but , my friend , that tank be just a little ol ' toy compare to what this country 's great scientist be cooking up for I next . so if I have pique you interest , bring 1000 kilogram of you country 's gold to spider Canyon four day from now . ( start to roll off boat ) now if you will excuse I , I have get a tank to catch . CUT to : 73 ext . train siding ( near malheureux point ) - night 73 a black wait ominously on the track . it 's less a traditional train car than a rivete , armored , turrete fortress on wheel . also , it currently lack a engine . loveless , over he shoulder to the foreign contingent ... ( continued ) 55 . 73 continued : 73 loveless my destination be both the future ... and the past ! forget Paul revere , this will be the most revolutionary ride in the history of America !! he look dotingly at the tank , which clatter up from the battlefield on its tread ... then drive onto the track . wheel drop down out of the chassis , the tread retract up , and the tank back into the rest of the train . clank . it 's a neat modular fit . Black death on rail . the foreigner watch with awe as ... angle - loveless wheel up onto the tank / train . he drop the expansiveness , fix they with a viper 's eye . loveless if you do not want to miss the ride , have the last payment of 1000 kilogram of you country 's gold in my hand no later than Friday . that 's when I make we little proposal to President grant . one I be ever so confident he 's gonna accept . ( now a jaunty wave of he hat ) au revoir , adios , and ta-ta ! 74 ext . malheureux point - battlefield - straight - down 74 angle - night it 's quiet . the dead man be all in the # 9 or # 10 ring . now a rider enter frame ... 75 ext . malheureux point - battlefield - night 75 West slowly dismount , transfix by the slaughter on the pre-fab battlefield . there 's something hauntingly familiar about all this for he -- the mangle body , the tread mark ... but we will find out about that later . West draw he weapon and begin walk through the victim . the pace of he search quicken when he be not find what he 's look for -- General mcgrath . ( continued ) 56 . 75 continued : 75 new angle - gordon and rita have arrive in the one-horse carriage . Gordon be try to recreate the crime scene . rita trail behind he , he coat throw over she shoulder , try not to gag as she pass the mangle corpse . gordon it come up out of the lake ... from the way this corpse be position , laid down a 360 - degree pattern of cannon fire ... then disappear in moment . ( put a foot on a body , scratch he chin ) my God , what kind of weapon be it ? rita can not handle Gordon 's clinical posture . rita Excuse I , I think I be go to be sick . as she walk quickly away , West come over , a haunt look on he face . west it just roll on and on . make a screeching sound -- like a wounded animal . get a ' cabin ' on top with a cannon ... swivel ' round like a eagle 's head . gordon you see it ? west Heard about it . think it be crazy survivor ' storey . gordon what survivor ? there be not any here . west New Liberty , Illinois -- the free slave town just over the border . just one week before the War end in ' 65 . I be in the 9th cavalry that discover it . Old man , woman , child ... they use they for target practice ... ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 57 . 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 he look out at the battlefield as if relive it . Gordon be sympathetic to he obvious pain -- just shut up . West 's grim reverie be interrupt by moaning come from the shoreline . they all follow the sound to find ... 76 ext . malheureux point - marsh - night 76 General mcgrath , wash up on the shore . West look down at he . now rita , still look green around the gill , rejoin the party . west that 's when I vow to follow mcgrath to the end of the earth . as grey as four- day - old mullet , mcgrath manage a smile for he relentless pursuer . mcgrath ( barely audible ) what 's the matter , West ? think you would be happy to find I ... like this . west I be hope to kill you myself . rita that 's a nice way to talk to people . mcgrath you will have to live with it ... as I have live with the blame for New Liberty . mcgrath fade out . West grab he and shake he . west what do you mean ? mcgrath ( open eye ) it be loveless ... he plan . he operate the kill machine there . smarter now ... leave it to other here . with the meaning of it all sink in , West grab mcgrath by the collar and pull he toward he . west where be he ? where do he go ?! ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 58 . 76 continued : 76 the General try to speak . West put he ear to the General 's mouth . but before he can say it , mcgrath close he eye for the last time . West 's shoulder sag . then from behind ... rita ( o.s. ) well , I know that . West turn to she ... well ? rita I will tell you if you take I along . west ( in no mood ) just tell I . rita the girl at the mansion . they talk . ( imitate a la lippenreider ) ' I vonder if my hair vill get frissy in ze desert ...? vhere be diss ooo-tah anyvay ? ' as West and Gordon turn to one another in alarm ... west / gordon ooo-tah ?! 77 ext . train siding ( new orlean ) - night 77 West and Gordon climb up onto the wanderer and enter ... 78 int . wanderer - parlor car - engine stop - night 78 West and Gordon burst in , surprising coleman , who 's get he foot up , peruse the playboy of the day -- a mail order catalogue . west coleman ... let 's go ! full speed ahead ! West snatch the catalogue out of he hand , do a take at the picture of chunky model in bloomer . coleman aye , sir ! ( continued ) 59 . 78 continued : 78 as coleman quickly exit , Gordon look out the window , onto the platform . gordon ( wistful ) I do not see why we could not have give she a ride back home to Texas . it be on the way ... west on the way to Utah where we President happen to be . maybe we oughta be worryin ' about that little coincidence ! as the engine roar to life ... 79 ext . train siding ( new orlean ) - Pov shot from 79 wanderer - night rita give a forlorn little wave as the train chug away . 80 int . wanderer - engine car - night 80 gordon we would not have know where loveless be go if it be not for she . seem a bit ungracious . possibly perilous . west look , all that would happen would be she would get in we way and I would probably wind up gettin ' in the saddle with she . gordon funny that you say that . because I think she be more interested in I . 81 ext . train siding ( new orlean ) - night 81 rita disappear from view in a cloud of steam ... 82 int . wanderer - parlor car - night 82 West have every weapon on the train out for clean and load . Gordon be in the galley where he continue he conversation with West while prepare dinner . ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 60 . 82 continued : 82 gordon ( o.s. ) ( from gallery ) you know , I have be try to place myself in loveless 's shoe ... west good luck on that one . gordon ( weakly ) ha , ha , ha ... you know , I can not imagine what loveless -- a man without any reproductive organ could possibly want with rita . suddenly there 's a whoosh and rita fall through the ceiling and plop in the chair just like West do earlier . he instinctively pull he gun . put it away as Gordon muse about she anatomy . gordon ( o.s. ) ( not realize she 's there ) not that rita do not have a figure that would inspire a botticelli ... or a raphael . rita raise a eyebrow , look to the galley as Gordon come out with a platter of food . he still do not see she there . gordon ... especially she breast . do you notice the way one of they ... ( cup he hand ) both of they actually ... to say nothing of she buttock ... Gordon turn and look into the car . finally see she . change gear without miss a beat . gordon ... and the group of foreign minister at loveless 's party ... what be they do there ? Gordon gesture for West to join he at the pool table . rita immediately go for the food . ( continued ) 61 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 gordon ( use pool ball ) here 's France , Spain and Britain ... ( sotto voce ) how long have she be here ? west since the first breast . Gordon turn to she , exasperate with himself . gordon I be so embarrassed . west I will spare you . ( to rita ) make yourself a sandwich to take with you . you be get off . 83 omitted 83 &amp ; &amp ; 84 84 85 int . wanderer - parlor car - night 85 rita have not even wait for anyone 's approval to start eat . West shake he head at she chutzpa . rita but ... I can help you . west how could you possibly help we ? rita well , I hear you talk about why all that foreign guy be at loveless 's party ...? you want I to tell you ? gordon by all mean . she use the time to get another bite into she mouth . rita ( to Gordon , chew ) this be fantastic . you can cut it with a fork ! how would you cook it ? ( continued ) 62 . 85 continued : 85 gordon ( someone appreciate he ) well , in a daubiere ... a clay pot . a french method which ... West cut off the chit-chat . west what about the foreign guy ?! rita they be mad about something , you know ? something about a real bad deal in Louisiana on purpose . gordon the Louisiana purchase ? rita and Queen somebody - somebody of France get swindle . gordon Queen isabella of Spain . West roll he eye . west Gordon , this be crazy . she do not know what she 's talk about ! West pick up the speaker horn and call coleman . west ( into speaker horn ) coleman , stop the train ! miss escobar 's get off . coleman ( v.o. ) ( over pipe ) who the hell 's miss escobar ? rita ( grab horn ) I be a frighten , starve , half - naked young woman who only want to find she father ! coleman ( v.o. ) ( over pipe ) half -nake ? ( continued ) 63. 85 continued : ( 2 ) 85 west ( grab it back ) coleman ... stop the train . coleman ( v.o. ) ( over pipe ) we be not puttin ' anybody off . not out here in the middle of nowhere . West look out the window . nothing but sagebrush and animal skull out there . rita come up close to Jim , fire in she big , brown eye . rita please , Jim . my father 's the only family I have get . what be I suppose to do ? sit home and wait for news he 's be kill ? or go do something ! what would you do , Jim ?! that get the man of action where he life . west look , I get nothing against you , rita . it 's just that ... what 's go to happen when we catch up to loveless ... with you on the train ? she grab West 's hand . rita I know you would never let he take I back . I have see you shoot . West kinda melt a little . this girl do have she charm . Gordon , a little jealous , puff he chest out . gordon I assure you , rita , a attack by loveless would be a exercise in futility . ( stand for tour ) ... allow I to demonstrate how my design suggestion have make the wanderer impervious to attack . West draw he gun , twirl they and reholster . west I be the impervious part . ( continued ) 64 . 85 continued : ( 3 ) 85 gordon hardly . completely armor - plate ... artemus rap he knuckle on the wall make a metallic sound . then he smugly demonstrate that the light fixture be actually a gatling gun . gordon a attacker would find the lighting inside extremely ... unflatter . finally he move to the billiard table , while rita nod ... and keep eat . gordon and if , by some inconceivable fluke , they do manage to gain entrance ... ( roll billiard ball into bumper ) a innocent billiard ball this way . ( pick it up , press the number ) but depress the number ... a sleep gas bomb . effective in under three second . Gordon unclick it , triumphantly roll it into a pocket . gordon so rest assure , rita ... you be completely safe within this wall . West snort at he obvious play for rita 's attention . west I do not know about you , mar 'am , but I know I will be sleep a whole lot better tonight ... ( yawn ) ... assume loveless barge in here and feel like a game of pool . rita speak of sleep , I be pretty tired . artemus , do you think I could borrow something to wear ? West jump in before Gordon can answer . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 65 . 85 continued : ( 4 ) 85 west I have get something ' you might use . it be not stylish , but it 's practical ... 86 int . wanderer - parlor car - night 86 West and Gordon have bunk down on opposite couch , both deep in think . west loveless kidnap two chemist , that mean there 's gonna be explosive . he 's get a metallurgist , so there 's gonna be heavy armor . and he 's get rita 's father , who -- accord to you -- be the world 's foremost specialist in hydraulics . which mean , whatever it be ... it 's gonna move . West sit up . west so what , be he building that 's gonna make the President fall to he knee and surrender the country ? gordon a bedside heater . west what ? gordon rita . she need a bedside heater . I mean , it get cold in there , you know , with the stain glass window right over the -- angle - coleman open and rita emerge from the state room ... ( insert rita's butt here ) rita leave ... gordon such a pleasant girl . a real breath of fresh ass . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 66 . 86 continued : 86 west you say ass . gordon do i? no ... CUT to : 87 omitted 87 88 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 88 Gordon and West react as coleman 's voice boom out of the pipe . coleman ( v.o. ) ( over pipe ) we have loveless , gentleman ! Seven hundred yard and close ! as they scramble for boot , weapon , rita come out of she room . rita what 's go on ? Gordon usher she to the back . gordon stay back here , take cover ! meanwhile , West pull on he boot . when he stand on it , a three - inch stiletto snap out of the toe . west what the hell be this ? gordon I take the liberty of install it while you be sleep . West look at he incredulously . west leave my stuff alone ! 67 . 89 ext . mountain tunnel - track - train chase - day 89 loveless 's tank / train chug into a mountain tunnel . the wanderer be just behind it ... and go into the tunnel second later . 90 ext . other side of tunnel - track - train chase - day 90 the wanderer blast out of the tunnel . ( in the f.g. we might notice a metal post that extend up out of frame . ) 91 int . wanderer - engine - day 91 coleman squint ahead . he see the track up ahead be empty . no loveless . coleman be I missin ' something ' here ...? 92 ext . track - loveless train - train chase - day 92 up on metal stilt . it let the wanderer pass underneath it . then it lower itself back down onto the track . the leg fold to the side , and the tank / train pursue its pursuer . 93 int . loveless train - day 93 loveless turn to he three distaff warrior . loveless amazonia , shall we disabuse we friend of the notion that one 's problem be solve when we see the light at the end of the tunnel ! as munitia swivel the cannon barrel ... 94 omitted 94 through through 97 97 98 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 98 West and Gordon be about to head forward when Gordon glance out the back , grab West . ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 68. 98 continued : 98 gordon Jim , we be the one chase loveless , correct ? ( as West shoot he a look ) then perhaps you could explain what they be do behind we . as West look out the back too ... ka - boom !! a shell explode just to the right of they . now another explosion to the leave of they . the wanderer rock precariously from wheel to wheel , throw a scream rita back and forth between West and Gordon . west they could not fire the cannon at we from in front . any other question ? 99 omitted 99 100 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 100 West jump up on the pool table . west would it put you out too much to throw I a rope and hit you little secret button ? with a shrug , Gordon toss West a rope and hit the same hide button he have during they fight . whoosh ! West be go as the pool table flip over . as rita cover she mouth in amazement ... gordon I teach he how it work . 101 ext . under wanderer - day 101 West hang upside-down . he hand - over-hand himself back to the escape trolley . he slide he back on top of it -- then lower it onto the track . Little wheel fit on the inside of the track . once couple , West release the cable and he shoot backwards -- out of frame . 102 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 102 Gordon open a panel in the floor and snap up a winch with a large handle . he start to crank it , slowly let out cable . 69 . 103 ext . track - train chase - Pov from back of moving 103 wanderer - day out the back door , we see West emerge from under the wanderer head for loveless 's tank / train . 104 insert 104 suddenly there 's a ping ! bong ! ping ! pop ! the teeth of the gear can not take the pressure and they be fly off the winch . 105 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 105 Gordon , realize another invention of he need some tweak , snap out he pen and pad . as he scribbles a note , rita consider the exotic pen holder . rita you know you could put a gun on that thing . Gordon look up at she disapprovingly ... not you too ? meanwhile , on the track ... 106 ext . track - train chase - west on trolley - day 106 off he wire tether , he fly backwards at 80 mph . 107 ext . track - train chase - Pov from back of moving 107 wanderer - day it look like he head 's about to be smashed by loveless 's tank / train . 108 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 108 rita turn away , bury she head in Gordon 's shoulder just as ... 109 ext . track - train chase - day 109 West slide under the train ! he lie flat as the death machine roar over he . at the last second , he lassos the rope around the rear axle . it slow he for a beat ... then stretch . he 's get Gordon 's trick rope . we see he silent scream -- " artemus ! " he slide way behind the tank / train , then spring back ... past the tank / train . finally , West slide back underneath and manage to grab hold of they caboose . he swing he leg up , pull himself around onto the step . the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 70 . 110 ext . loveless train - roof - moving - day 110 West make he way forward to the smokestack . he try to flip the flue close , steam scalding he hand . he do not see Hudson come at he from behind . he wrap a garrote around West 's neck , pull it tight -- practically crush he larynx ... 111 int . loveless train - engine - day 111 munitia be bent over , have she eye to the cannon sight . as she squint through the smoke at the wanderer up ahead , loveless , sit behind she , have he full attention focus on she tuchus . munitia I have they square in my sight , sire . loveless ( distract ) as do I , munitia ... as do i. ( look up , wry smile ) Fire away ! but it 's a little difficult with he stroking she buttock . boom ! the cannon fire ... 112 omitted 112 113 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 113 Gordon and rita be look out the back when they see the latest missile head they way . Gordon pull rita down at the last second as a huge steel arrow shoot through the door , past they head ... and into the parlor wall . as metal barb flick out , lock the tip in , and the steel chain it 's attach to draw tight ... 114 ext . loveless train - roof - moving - day 114 West and Hudson roll around precariously . West claw desperately at the garrote . it look grim for we hero until he knock he boot heel together . click ... he stiletto blade appear . summon he last ounce of strength , he mule-kick ... sink the blade into Hudson 's leg . West grab he and shove he head first into the smokestack . the big indian plug it up like a cork in a bottle . 71 . 115 int . loveless train - engine - day 115 loveless have only a moment to gloat over he marksmanship before the compartment begin fill with smoke . choke cloud that send loveless et al into cough fit . loveless Close the fire door ! just in time , amazonia swing it shut as the unvented boiler explode , send a fireball rip through the back of the train , destroy it . up ahead ... 116 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 116 Gordon and rita be throw across the car , along with everything else inside , as loveless 's train 's sudden stop ... jerk they with it . the screech of steel wheel scraping on iron rail be sicken . they clutch onto one another ... as the wanderer skid to a stop . as they pick themselves up , Gordon look to rita who 's shake up and scared . now footstep come up the stair . rita I will not let loveless take I again ! I would rather be dead ! gordon ( recalling West 's word ) that 's not a good one to wish for . to defend herself , rita grab one of the sleep - gas pool ball roll around on the ground . Gordon lead she into the stateroom to lock she in , but she grab he hand . rita please , artemus , do not leave I alone ! rita close the door behind he and lock it . 117 int . wanderer - parlor car - stateroom - day 117 Gordon and rita on the bed . footstep approach . Gordon gesture to be still . the door handle jiggle . rita get ready to arm the pool ball . ( continued ) 72 . 117 continued : 117 west ( o.s. ) ( hoarsely , not sounding like he ) it 's I , Jim . open up ! rita it 's a trick , I know loveless . click , she push the number . Gordon make a grab for it . gordon rita , no ! it 's just ... clunk ... she drop it to the floor . angle - west stand in the doorway . he rub a raw well on he neck from the garrote , smirk when he see Gordon on the bed with rita . but he smirk drop when he see the pool ball roll between he foot -- spew a purple cloud of sleep gas . West give Gordon a wile E. coyote look , croak ... west too damn late , be what it be . 118 ext . cornfield - day 118 a sea of corn tassel wave in the wind . loveless 's destroy train be in the b.g. the camera tilt down to find ... angle on west and gordon lie on the ground with they back to we . they stir . West prop himself up , look over at Gordon , who have just regain consciousness . west ( mimick he ) a innocent billiard ball this way , but depress the number and on impact ... a sleep - gas bomb . West shake he head disparagingly and stand . he feel the metal band around he neck and survey the 18 - inch wire fence which have be laid around they in a circle . West be about to step over it . Gordon grab he leg . ( continued ) 73. 118 continued : 118 gordon do not move ! 119 ext . wanderer - back platform - day 119 loveless be sit in he wheelchair , fifty yard from West and Gordon . on loveless 's elbow sit miss lippenreider . she look through binocular and lip read West and Gordon . loveless continue , miss lippenreider ... miss lippenreider ( do both voice in a monotone ) West . let go of my leg ! Gordon . listen to I . loveless collare we with the same metal device we find on Morton . loveless turn to munitia , who be load two 36 - inch - diameter metal disc into what look like a CD changer / clay-pigeon - thrower . loveless oh , munitia ... I hope we be not go to leave evidence behind like we do last time . munitia nitro this time , sire . as she arm the device , and a red light come on ... loveless ( through megaphone ) good morning , gentleman ! I trust you sleep well . 120 ext . cornfield - perimeter - day 120 West and Gordon squint through the corn , see loveless on they train . gordon what have you do with rita ? ( continued ) 74 . 120 continued : 120 loveless rita , be it ? how familiar ! rita be sleep off the after-effect in the stateroom . ( look toward bedroom ) quite lovely , be not she ? who know ... I might even become ' familiar ' with she myself . Gordon take a step . West stop he . west and that would become one more reason why I be go to kill you . loveless yes , Mr. West , I be sure a well - endow blackamoor like yourself must find it absolutely impossible ... that a freak like I could fully enjoy the pleasure of a woman . but have witness my use of mechinology so far ... would not you think I could provide myself with something for the lower half of my body that be hard - pump and indefatigably steely ? loveless look o.s. loveless ... and speak of ' hard pump ... ' Mr. coleman , full steam ahead ! 121 ext . wanderer - engine room - coleman - day 121 in the engine room . amazonia have a gun to he head . 122 ext . wanderer ( starting to move ) - day 122 loveless take he last shot at they from the back . loveless what a marvelous train ! you do not mind if I borrow it , do you , gentleman ? ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . 122 continued : 122 loveless ( cont 'd ) other than a lack of wheelchair access , I find it a most comfortable way to pass the long mile from here to my laboratory in spider Canyon ... ( louder , as they move off ) I will be see President grant soon at promontory Point . what shall I tell he for you ? I be afraid it can not be that you be alive and well ... and as he maniacal giggle hang in the air ... 123 ext . cornfield - perimeter - gordon and west - day 123 frustrated , as the train pull away from they . West tug at the metal collar around he neck . west Gordon , get out you little tool kit and get this damn thing off of I ! Gordon unbutton he shirt to reveal he leather tool kit ... empty except for a note . Gordon open it and read . gordon ' gentlemen , welcome to the loveless experimental Camp for political dissident . there be no guard . no barb wire . as long as you stay within the designate perimeter , you will stay alive . ' 124 ext . cornfield - wanderer - moving - back platform - day 124 miss lippenreider be still eavesdropp for loveless , through bino . miss lippenreider West . how do you know it 's not just bullshit ? Gordon . step over the fence and find out . rita and I will put flower on you grave every year . 76 . 125 ext . cornfield - perimeter - west - day 125 stand next to the little fence , watch loveless escape . west I do not have time for this . gordon wait , I have a auxiliary tool kit ! Gordon peel back the top of he boot revealing it . but it 's too late . West have jump over the fence . then he hop back inside it . he hold he hand out to Gordon . west see ? nothing happen . West grab Gordon by the back of he vest and yank he over the fence . now they hear a slight buz in the air and it 's not a bee . new angle - disc come whipping over the corn straight for West 's head . in a split second , he duck and the disc cut the top of the corn off and bank around for a new attack . gordon oh , really ...? now both of they step over the fence perimeter and start run like hell through the cornfield . west be it too late to take it off of I now ? 126 ext . cornfield - disc launcher - day 126 the second disc machine light turn green and the second disc be launch . 127 ext . cornfield - wanderer back platform - moving - day 127 loveless be laugh he head off . certain of Gordon 's and West 's impending death , he roll he wheelchair inside . the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 77 . a128 int . wanderer - rita a128 be awaken from the effect of the billiard ball gas and try to control she sense of dread and loathing . she smile nervously at loveless , who 's be fawn - over by he woman . munitia caviar ...? lippenreider blini ...? loveless ( open champagne bottle ) rita , my dear , not that I be ungrateful to Providence for bring you back to I ... rita jump as the champagne cork pop . loveless ... I be just a wee bit curious as to how you manage to wind up with they . rita ( scramble ) well , they uh ... seem so ... sure that they could find you ... and I think if I stay with they ... they would lead I back to ... all my friend ... munitia shoot a look at lippenreider . rita and not to give you a big head but ... ( wrinkle she nose to loveless ) I kinda miss you . loveless ( not buy it ) be not that a coincidence ? I miss I , too . 128 ext . cornfield - west and gordon - day 128 come run toward we . behind and above be two disc about to make a dive at they . ( continued ) 78 . 128 continued : 128 the disc , like giant razor , be mow off the top of the corn stalk , head straight for they head ! West and Gordon dive to the ground ... the disc just miss they . West stand to run again . we see the back of he head 's be buzze . 129 ext . cornfield - aerial shot - west and gordon - day 129 run a zigzag pattern toward the end of the cornfield . West see a gully fifty yard ahead of they . gordon head for that gully ! West zig out of the cornfield one way . Gordon zag out the other . they be both beat - up and exhaust from run and flopping on the ground . 130 ext . river canyon near cornfield - gordon - day 130 breathlessly reach the edge . and look down . 131 ext . river canyon - gordon be Pov - day 131 it 's no gully . it 's a canyon that drop 100 foot down to a ribbon of brown water . and that 's not the worst of it ... 132 ext . river canyon near cornfield - day 132 West be on the other side of the precipice . they be separate by about 15 foot of air . they both see the disc close in . think fast . west when I give the signal . jump off the cliff into my arm . gordon be you crazy ?! do you see what 's down there ? west ( watch the disc approach ) five , four , three , two ... West hold out he arm . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 79 . 132 continued : 132 gordon forget it . I be not do it ... west one ... West take a leap of faith ... and finally , so do Gordon . gordon oh shit ! close - partner meeting mid-air . they drop out of frame , just as ... the two disc collide with a mighty explosion that be hear by ... 133 int . wanderer - parlor car - day 133 loveless raise he glass to rita , make a little kissing gesture . she look like she would like to kill herself . 134 omitted 134 135 ext . river canyon near cornfield - west and gordon - day 135 be still in mid-air , both look down . gordon I just remember ... I can not swim ! west you will not have to ! they drop out of frame and we hear a loud thuk thuk . 136 ext . bottom of river canyon - west and gordon - day 136 stick up to they neck in red riverbed mud . as they slowly begin to extricate themselves ... west maybe I should have stay inside that fence another moment or two . CUT to : wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 79a . a137 ext . stream - dusk a137 West and Gordon , cake in mud , be come up a ridge , below which be a stream . west all right , Gordon , what 's you plan ? how be you gonna get this damn thing off my neck ? Gordon turn to West , simmer , control himself . gordon Excuse I ? west be not that why you be here ? ' Cause you be the master of , you know , mechanical stuff ? gordon ( smile ) oh . oh , I see . now I be the master of ... ' mechanical stuff . ' as oppose to five minute ago , when I be try to collect my thought and figure out a way to get we out of this contraption ! but no ! Gordon start move towards West , who be force to back up -- look a tad nervous for the first time in the movie . gordon -- that would not have be any fun for a certain somebody , and I will not mention any name -- Jim West ! -- who decide to take I on a brace romp through a cornfield and play a fanciful game of hide and seek with serrate , spin death disc , while we only mode of transportation be in the hand of a sadistic madman with weapon of mass destruction , who kidnap rita , and be on he way to kill we President and take over the country ! west hey , calm down , Gordon ... ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/97 79b . a137 continued : a137 gordon ( he 's completely lose it ) no! because I be the ' master of mechanical stuff ! ' and I have to help you ! because you be the ' master of stupid stuff ! ' west Gordon ... gordon you want to get that collar off ? Fine ! let 's do it the fun , Jim West way ! ( pick up a rock ) let 's bash it with a rock ! west Gordon , you do not want to do that . gordon ( crazy ) oh , but I do . Gordon grab a rock and smashes West 's collar . suddenly -- iiiiiing ! West 's collar emit a low hum . suddenly , West be throw into Gordon , they collar lock . clang ! gordon ( suddenly calm ) that 's odd . what do you do ? west I do not do shit ! gordon no , you must have reverse the polarity of the magnet . west I do not do shit ! ( he 's have enough ) that 's it -- West lift he leg to Gordon 's collar to push he away , but then -- clang ! the stiletto in he shoe dislodge and instantly stick to Gordon 's magnetic collar . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 79c . a137 continued : ( 2 ) a137 for a mega-millisecond , West -- he foot stick to he partner 's neck -- be stunne . but before he know what even happen , West flip upside down onto he shoulder . gordon be you all right ? west oh , I be peachey . now help I get my boot off ! first , Gordon -- try to get some leverage -- put he foot in West 's crotch and pull the boot . west ahhhh ! gordon apology , apology . Gordon struggle to free the writhe West from the boot ( attach to Gordon 's collar ) . finally , West 's foot come free . but when he sit up -- thwap ! his collar be suck into Gordon 's belt buckle . West be face to face with he partner 's crotch . west do I a favor . when you be tell this story to you grandkid , leave this part out . gordon do not worry . West start unbuttone Gordon 's belt . west now , when I undo you belt , I be go to run as fast as I can that way , and you run as fast as you can the other way . understand ? gordon you be go to run as fast as you can one way and I be go to run as fast as I can the other ...? ingenious . west one ... two ... ( undo belt ) Three ! ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 79d . a137 continued : ( 3 ) a137 the man run in opposite direction . ( Gordon 's belt on West 's collar , West 's boot on Gordon 's ) . they get about thirty , forty yard . then -- they be yank backwards into each other . splash ! they fall in the water -- back to back . every time one roll up and catch he breath , the other be under water . west ( roll face up ) get off I , you steaming pile of ( gurgle ) ! gordon ( roll face up ) I be try , you son of a ( gurgle ) ! west ( roll face upgurgle ) you ! gordon ( roll face upgurgle ) yourself ! finally they roll out of the stream and onto dry land . they sit up , out of breath , stick together , back to back . west I do not want to spend the rest of my life look like a meatball on a plate . gordon we be go to have to discuss bathroom etiquette soon . very soon . angle on tool kit bob in the stream . Gordon grab it out of the water . gordon aha . my auxiliary tool kit . I forget all about it . it must have slip out of my pocket . west you pocket ? why be not it attach to some spring - load something - or-other that shoot out of you ass ? ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/97 79e . a137 continued : ( 4 ) a137 gordon because that , my friend , would be uncomfortable . CUT to : 137 ext . desert - night 137 Gordon , lip parched , clothes tatter , peer impatiently over the metal collar as West work on it with some lock pick . West 's collar be already off . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 09/03/98 80 . 137 continued : 137 west why do not you tell I you have a ' auxiliary ' tool kit ? gordon I do tell you , but in you zeal to run and leap off a two -hundre - foot cliff , I do not think you hear I . West eat the grill gila monster voraciously . and eat . and enjoy it more . and eat . he notice Gordon watch he . west what ?! Gordon look to the heaven and recite . gordon '... take physic , pomp ; expose thyself to feel what wretch feel , that thou mayst shake the superflux to they , and show the heaven more just . ' Gordon 's quote have go on . and on . and on . he notice West watch he . gordon what ?! west you know , Gordon , you can be quite annoying -- flaunt that fancy education . gordon well , truth be tell , I never have a fancy education -- not a formal one , anyway . west ( look at Gordon 's ring ) the Harvard thing seem pretty formal to I . gordon this ring ? this ring be not real . do you want it ? ( more ) ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 09/03/98 80a . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 gordon ( cont 'd ) ( take ring off and toss it into fire ) a prop . I be a actor . or be . I give it up . I go by the name of Arthur Gordon . ever hear of I ? west no . how do you wind up in this line of work ? gordon the pinnacle of my life in the theater come in a production of we american cousin -- a light comedy -- at Ford 's theater in Washington . there be this one line I have ... always get the biggest laugh in the show . one night , it drown out the gunshot that kill President lincoln . ( beat ) I decide to devote my talent to make sure that never happen again . close - tarantula walk slowly across West 's outstretch hand . gordon uh ... there 's a spider on you hand . do not that bother you ? west she do not want any trouble . she 's just try to get warm . he put the spider down into the sand . gordon how come you know so much about the desert , anyway ? west the Indians teach I . I live out here when I be a boy . Gordon start to ask West something but West do not want he to pry further . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 09/03/98 81/82. 137 continued : ( 3 ) 137 west hey -- watch -- he point toward a small black wasp fly from above . west the desert wasp ... one of the world 's great hunter . she will kill the tarantula -- and lay she egg on it , so she baby can have something to eat . gordon now I be really hungry . ( beat ) how do you parent , who I assume be negroes , feel about you be raise by Indians ? west they do not have much to say about it . I be send to another plantation when I be little . ran away as soon as my leg be strong enough to take I . West can see the effect he story have have on Gordon . gordon do you ever see you family again ? ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 8/28/98 83. 137 continued : ( 4 ) 137 west yeah ... ( stand , kick out fire ) they be at the camp at New Liberty . now they both stare into the fire . finally Gordon speak . gordon I will help you get he , Jim . 138 ext . utah - desert - morning 138 West and Gordon trudge through a endless sand dune , side by side , chest out , jaw set . they be partner , goddammit ! gordon you have no idea where you be go , do you ? west I know exactly where I be goin ' ... spider Canyon . Gordon stop to catch he breath . west ( stop , look back ) but I be never gonna get there with you draggin ' that damn thing around ! now we see Gordon 's get the heavy metal collar in he hand . West grab he and they start to walk away -- Gordon list noticeably . gordon while a magneto of this power may not inspire you scientific curiosity , it do mine . besides , you never know when it might come in handy . Gordon suddenly disappear out of frame . West stop to see what 's happen to he partner now ... ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 8/28/98 84 . 138 continued : 138 angle - gordon he 's on he back , arm hold the metal doughnut straight out over he head , be drag across the desert floor by some unseen force . Gordon snowplow backwards through the sand for 40 foot , finally come to a abrupt stop with a metallic klang ! West deadpan this bit of insanity , walk over , and with the toe of he boot , uncover the explanation -- iron railroad track cover by drift sand . west arte ... when you be right , you be right . gordon well I think we partnership be take a big step forward . you finally admit I be right about something . West help he up . then , as or two heroes follow the track into the distance ... towards spider Canyon ... gordon now ... how about admit you be lose ? west do not push it . 139 ext . spider canyon rim - day ( later ) 139 West and Gordon trudge past the wanderer . it 's park at the end of the line , look desert . gordon Jim , I know I have hallucinate it several time before , so be that really the wanderer ? west that 's the wanderer . Gordon seem relieved to know he beloved train be not another mirage . they continue on to the rim of the canyon , peer over the edge . reacting to what they see ... gordon and would it be too much to hope that I be simply see a World 's Fair down there ... ? ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 8/28/98 85 . 139 continued : 139 west yeah , it would . that 's loveless ' lair . 140 ext . spider canyon - Pov from rim - day 140 a natural bowl that appear to have be make by a meteor , be gouge out of the desert floor . in the bowl be several spectacular victorian - style building make almost entirely of glass , plus a huge silo . ant -size figure be move around . 141 omitted 141 142 ext . spider canyon - day 142 now they hear a strange sound . to modern ear , a whine as from a jet engine . loveless appear in the f.g. he 's rise on a steel platform as if on some unseen elevator . up , up , up he go ... as now more of the contraption come into view . alloy girder , multi-level , control board ... all open in a eiffel Tower - like effect . West and Gordon scramble for cover behind a rock as a giant metal tarantula step over the rim in full terrifying glory . eight leg , five storey high . the thorax of the giant spider bristle with gatling gun and all manner of weaponry . as the shadow of the monster pass over they face ... gordon now that 's impressive . west Nice to see a invention that actually work . 143 ext . tarantula - bridge - day 143 loveless be sit in a captain 's seat 60 foot in the air . he 's surround by he ador crew amazonia , munitia and lippenreider . he spread he arm wide , world at he foot . 86 . 144 ext . spider canyon rim - angle - gordon and west - day 144 they watch the tarantula head toward a narrow open between two red-rock outcropping . gordon ( dismissive ) we will see about that . the fool do not even realize he 's trap . 145 ext . mesas near spider canyon rim - day 145 suddenly ... a volley of cannon FIRE explode the impediment to dust . the tarantula march on . 146 omitted 146 &amp ; &amp ; 147 147 148 int . wanderer - parlor car ( stop ) - day 148 West be dress for battle . he strap he six gun on he hip , flip the pool table over , grab a coach gun , tuck that behind he chap . he belt on he shotgun shell bandolero . a extra six gun get tuck in the belt . another in he boot . Pocketful of shell . the man 's ready for war . west Gordon , let 's ride ! ( pause ) you do know how to ride ...? he stick he head through the door to ... 149 int . wanderer - lab car ( stop ) - day 149 Gordon 's nitro - cycle be out . Gordon fuss with it and some canvas . west ... a horse , I mean . gordon ( distract ) yes ... I know how to ride a horse . when the situation call for something primitive . ( continued ) 87 . 149 continued : 149 west how about now ? there 's a big spider stompin ' towards we President ! but Gordon will not be hurried . he have a big book out , study it , then look back to he nitro-cycle . gordon I be just think about another spider . remember in the desert , when that little wasp kill the tarantula ...? West roll he eye impatiently . west yeah . well , the wasp have a small advantage . it could fly . gordon exactly ! Gordon excitedly show the book to West . picture be a archaic sepia diagram of a weird aircraft . West look at it in disbelief as Gordon prattles on manically . gordon in 1540 , Leonardo Da vinci invent a fly machine call the ' ornithopter . ' though he never actually fly it ... West 's hear enough . he grab Gordon , shake he . west artemus ! there 's no time for plan or half - cocked invention ! they do not work . we gotta stick to what we be each good at ! as West drag Gordon to the wardrobe ... 150 ext . desert ( utah ) - day 150 two rider gallop toward camera . as they thunder past , we see West be in the lead , jaw set . and right behind he come ... President grant ...?! ( it 's artemus in disguise , of course . and he actually can ride a horse . ) the wild wild west - Rev. 6/15/98 88. 151 ext . promontory point - close on golden spike - day 151 be hold in the stubby finger of Ulysses S. grant . he 's read a inscription on it . president grant ( o.s. ) May God continue the unity of we country ... camera pull back to reveal a crowd present to watch President grant knock in the famous spike . behind he , two train engine be face each other . the detective scan the crowd for possible trouble . president grant ... as this railroad unite the two great ocean of this world . now he swing back the sledgehammer ... but at the top of he swing ... close - spike start to shake , wiggle , and actually pop out of its hole . very curious . as it begin to hop on the ground , bounce by a resounding thumping ... angle on grant and crowd look across the desert to see ... 152 ext . promontory point - long shot - day 152 the tarantula in full view . people start scream in terror as it appear over a ridge , huge even at this distance . the metal beast close the 200 - yard distance in second . the citizen flee . the detective be not far behind they . the soldier take cover and ready they weapon . grant stand he ground ... even as a huge foot clomp down in front of he , vibrate the camera . 153 ext . tarantula - bridge - day 153 loveless talk into a microphone which boom he voice out through amplified speaker . ( continued ) 89 . 153 continued : 153 loveless well , be not this a coincidence ! I be out for a little mornin ' ride , and right in the middle of nowhere , I bump into General Ulysses S. grant himself ! ( lean over edge , mock salute ) we have never be properly introduce . I be Dr. arliss loveless , formerly with the confederate Army . 154 ext . promontory point - day ( intercut with tarantula 154 bridge ) cool and collect , grant light a cigar . president grant yes , Dr. loveless , what can I do for you today ? ( to he military aide ) flank he , leave and right . loveless I have a humble abode nearby , and I hope you will accept my hospitality . I have a little proposition to make . president grant what proposition be that ? loveless the unconditional and immediate surrender of the United States of America to the loveless Alliance . president grant I do not realize we be at war . loveless give the nod to munitia . 155 ext . promontory point - day 155 kaboom ! the cannon blow the President 's train to smithereen . 156 ext . tarantula bridge - day 156 loveless giggle . ( continued ) 90 . 156 continued : 156 loveless how about now ...? 157 ext . promontory point - behind obliterated train - day 157 the crowd who would take refuge behind it run away in panic . all but one of they . a second President grant ( artemus Gordon ) . he calmly light a cigar on the flame train , stride up to the other grant , and shout up at loveless . gordon / grant in matter of war , the person to talk to would be I . if there 's anyone more surprised than the President himself it 's ... 158 ext . tarantula bridge - day ( intercut with promontory 158 point ) loveless , squinting down at the two grant . this new wrinkle have also attract the attention of the love-lettes and everyone else aboard . loveless now just who be you ? gordon / grant the President . ( turn to President , snort ) he 's just a actor hire to stand in for I on public occasion . a very bad actor , I must say ... a little puffy and overweight . as the President eye he , puff on he cigar , Gordon / grant ape he every move , bigger , mockingly . president grant ( aside ) Gordon , you have get a lot of brass . where 's West ? gordon you know he , sir ... Gordon / grant shift he eye toward ... 159 omitted 159 91 . 160 ext . promontory point - rear of tarantula - day 160 West run undetected to the rear leg . as the lone cowboy start to climb up toward the belly of the beast ... 161 ext . promontory point - two grant - day 161 Gordon / grant turn to a Army officer , stand behind . gordon / grant ( loudly ) Captain , get this man out of my sight ! and next time get I a real actor ! as the bewilder captain start to lead the President away ... 162 ext . tarantula - bridge - day 162 loveless have have enough . loveless take they both !!! munitia , man a sort of cannon , take a bead on the two grant . she pull the trigger ... 163 ext . promontory point - two grant - day 163 ... and a sticky white silk shoot out cover both grant with spider web material . president grant well , Gordon ... be this part of you plan ? gordon I be by you side , sir . that 's what 's important . now munitia hit a lever and they be hoist up off the ground . they only get a couple of foot when ... blam ! West shoot the mechanism and it jerk to a stop . all eye turn to the source of the sharpshoot ... 164 ext . promontory point - tarantula leg - day 164 West have almost reach the lowest deck . now all the firepower of the tarantula be train on he . 92 . 165 ext . tarantula - various shot - day 165 amazonia 's on the gatling gun . munitia and several other goons on lower deck OPEN up on West , too . 166 ext . promontory point - tarantula leg - day 166 West take cover behind the steel girder , six - gun blazing . all he gun blazing . 167 ext . promontory point - day 167 but West 's bullet , as well as the Union soldier ' cover FIRE , ping harmlessly against the tarantula 's alloy skin . a168 angle on bridge - loveless a168 grow impatient with the gun battle . he pull a lever . 168 omitted 168 &amp ; &amp ; 169 169 170 angle - west 170 down below , nozzle on the tarantula 's leg suddenly erupt in cloud of skin-scald steam . West scream in pain and fall ... 30 foot ... 171 ext . promontory point - day 171 ... to the ground , he head hit a rock . as the two grant witness it through the sticky spider ball ... dissolve to : 172 ext . loveless lair - amphitheater - dusk 172 loveless , wear a black tunic festoon with medal and a prussian - style helmet with a horse hair plume , raise he arm nixon-like as a band play a flourish . loveless bonjour , buenas tarde and good day ! great glorious day ! a day of heal for the wrong that have be do to we all ! ( continued ) 93. 172 continued : 172 frame by a large flag feature the spider emblem , he look out from center stage of a Greek theater at the crowd of foreign dignitary seat around he . loveless ... oh , how long have we wait ! angle - amazonia , munitia and lippenreider dress in tight fascist - brown tankwear , rise from they seat and applaud . the only people not applaud be a row of haggard , bearded scientist and the manacle prisoner Gordon ( san disguise ) , rita , grant and coleman . loveless ( look to englishman ) ... 1776 , be not it , old bean ? most expensive cup o' tea in history ...! as the englishman dignitary nod soberly ... 173 ext . promontory point - dusk 173 West 's body have not move . the only change be that now a line of ant crawl across he face . we watch , hope for a twitch , something ... but there be none . the ant march over lifeless eye , swarm onto the bloody cut on he head . if we be not convinced he 's dead ... angle - vulture circle lower , finally landing right by West 's head . as the hideous carrion - eater lean over West 's face ... extreme closeup - west's eye a shadow fall across they . but instead of the peck red beak , a human hand appear in the frame . brushes the ant away . we hear a indian incantation over . then finally ... West 's eyelid flutter open . west be Pov - navajo shaman stand over he . blurry , back - light by the sun , the face of West 's indian friend . the healer who can turn himself into a bird . ( continued ) 94 . 173 continued : 173 as West sit up groggily , feel he head . hey , it 's okay . as he make a mental note to always be kind to animal ... 174 int . loveless lair - amphitheater - dusk ( same time ) 174 loveless continue he speech to the foreign contingent . loveless ( look to Hudson the indian ) Manhattan for a handful of bead ? ( raise he hand ; injun-style ) how ? ( to the mexican ) remember the alamo indeed ! ( humbly to crowd ) today I be proud to be able to sit before you and tell you the wrong will be righted ... the past make present ... the United , divide ! to thunderous applause . loveless signal for the flag to be pull down , revealing ... angle on map of " the do - UNITED states " there have be some significant internal change which loveless now describe . the delegation from each country stand when they hear they name . loveless great Britain get back the thirteen original colony ... minus Manhattan . ( off applause ) Florida and the Fountain of youth go back to Spain ! ( off applause ) Texas , New Mexico , California , Arizona revolve a Mexico ! ( off applause ) and the Louisiana purchase revert back to the King of France ! in the front row rita lean over to Gordon . rita Queen of Spain . King of France . I be close . ( continued ) 95 . 174 continued : 174 munitia ( jostle she ) shut up and listen to a real genius ! finally loveless tap Colorado , Kansas , Utah and nevada -- now label as " loveless land . " smile impishly . loveless and a tiny piece for I to retire on . there 's appreciative laughter . 175 int . wanderer - parlor car - west - same time 175 stumble in and look around discourage . the place have be ransacke . the gun cabinet be empty , the gatling lamp remove . all that 's leave be Gordon 's nitro -cycle and he wardrobe full of dress . West try every secret hide place . nothing . finally he find Gordon 's belt buckle / derringer . he open the breech . only one dinky bullet . he throw down the belt in disgust . 176 int . loveless lair - amphitheater - loveless - dusk 176 sit behind a desk that have be bring to center stage . loveless unroll a document , sign he half of it . loveless my partner nation insist that we make this as legal as possible . personally , I like the symmetry of it . after all be not it you who make we sign a surrender at appomattox ? loveless snap he finger . amazonia drag grant out of he seat and stick a pen in he manacle hand . president grant never will I sign that paper , never will the United States ever surrender ! ( continued ) 96 . 176 continued : 176 loveless well , sir , we be at loggerhead then , be not we ? and I suppose the threat of death to someone with you valorous war record , would mean nothing . grant set he jaw intractably . he 's right about that . loveless ... so , if you still refuse to sign this surrender ... we will start by shoot you man , Gordon . loveless whirl , nod to amazonia who drag the President back to he seat , pull Gordon out of he . rita can not help she outburst . rita artemus ! artemus smile at she , extremely brave under the circumstance . he whisper to rita and the President . gordon ( tug at he vest ) do not worry , I be wear the impermeable . rita turn to grant . what the hell be that ? Gordon have no time to explain as amazonia haul he up on the stage . as munitia aim she rifle ... Gordon hold up a finger . gordon if I may have one request ... it 's that she aim at my heart ... which have love this great country so much ! loveless ( consider for a moment ) shoot he in the head . gordon great . munitia cock she rifle , then just as loveless hold he hand up for the signal to fire ... the light dim ... 97 . 177 int . loveless lair - amphitheater - dusk 177 a candle - power spotlight swing across the stage and illuminate ... a deep - throat , bluesy black chanteuse who start sing the popular cathouse song , " hangtown gal . " chanteuse ( sing ) ' ohhh ... hangtown gal be plump and rosy ... ' loveless wheel he chair around to take a gander and forget Gordon 's execution instantly . and why not ? she 's young and beautiful in a rupaul sort of way . about six foot tall , wear the blue sequine number Gordon have in he dress room . accessorize with black mesh stocking , big feather boa , silver - buckle belt , lot of frilly petticoat for that can-can move . chanteuse ( sing ) ' Hair in ringlet , mighty cozy ... ' she wind she finger around she ringlet and stick out she derriere to the crowd . they stare , mouth agape at this piece of ass worthy of othello . close - loveless intrigue . well , maybe more than intrigue . loveless a new girl ! what a nice surprise ! he motion to hold up Gordon 's execution , roll to she . chanteuse ' paint cheek and frilly corset . ' ( bend over show she undergarment ) touch they ... ' loveless hear this as a invitation , reach out with he hand and whap ! she slap he right in the face . chanteuse '... and they will sting like hornet ! ' ( continued ) 98 . 177 continued : 177 there 's a hush in the crowd . loveless , a red handprint on he face , be a little nonpluss . amazonia move in threateningly , but loveless stop she , start to laugh . loveless ( make she name up on the spot ) ebonia ! why be you so cruel to I ? ebonia have escape a head -cutting neck bracelet . but she probably should not be teasing a man who 's have " ghost aches " in certain amputate place . angle - gordon wait to be execute . something 's not quite kosher about she for Gordon . gordon ( muse to himself ) I have a dress like that . angle - chanteuse now with the crowd sing along , she pull out all the stop . her gesture and dance move become more exaggerated , she 's in the thrall of she audience . chanteuse ( sing ) ' hangtown gal be lovely creature think they will marry mormon preacher . ' she sashays over to the french dignitary , pull he monocle out of he eye and blow hot breath on it , steaming it up . as she pop it back on he face ... chanteuse ( sing ) ' head throw back to show they feature ... ' now she put she cheek next to rita as if match they relative beauty while pick the pocket of lippenreider . rita push she away disgustedly but not before ebonia hand coleman the key to the cuff . coleman look from the key to ebonia . he just catch on . ( continued ) 99 . 177 continued : ( 2 ) 177 coleman go , ebonia , go . then ebonia prance on stage to Gordon , cuddle up to he . Gordon look at the big beautiful black woman with a mixture of amusement and relief . of course , it 's he " I would rather be dead " partner , Jim West . west ( sing ) ha ... ha ... hangtown girl ... gordon not to sound ungrateful , but you be a little over the top . west ( sing ) ha ... ha ... ha ... West / ebonia wrap the feather boa around Gordon 's neck -- hide the derringer in the palm of he hand . Gordon look worried . what 's he go to do with a gun ? as he tuck it up he sleeve ... gordon let I warn you about that dress ... west gotta go . Big finish ... ( belt it out ) ' ha , ha , ha ! hangtown gal !!!' a immediate stand ovation . the diversion allow coleman to unlock both grant 's and rita 's shackle . grant look at the key . president grant where would that come from ...? coleman ( nod to ebonia ) Captain West . they eye practically pop out of they head . rita she 's ... no ...! angle - ebonia / west one more time . ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 7/1/98 100 . 177 continued : ( 3 ) 177 west ( sing ) ' ha , ha , ha ... hang ... town ... Girls !!!' suddenly the tassel on he bosom be spin to the delight of the crowd . west ( suddenly blink ) wait a minute . what the hell be this ? he stop , but he tassel be still spin on they own . 178 int . loveless lair - amphitheater - dusk 178 immediately two flame thrower explode from he cone- like bosom . maybe he should have listen about the dress . he turn to Gordon questioningly , and inadvertently incinerate one of loveless 's goons . he howl in pain , run panicked ... right into rita . rita serve you right for stare at they . as she relieve the char goon of he key ... loveless turn to the rest of he goons . loveless kill he ! ( off they confuse look , point ) him ! him ! the girl ! finally get it , they rush ebonia . even he 4th of July breast be not a match for they . desperate , West reach way down in he undergarment to retrieve one of Gordon 's billiard ball . he depress the number and roll it at the guard . gordon be that the eight ball ? west mmm-hmm . Gordon grab West and rita , pull they behind the bar . ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 7/1/98 101 . 178 continued : 178 gordon that one 's a incendiary bomb . ka - boooom ! a explosion rip the place and a Santa Ana - size fire start immediately . rita jump up and make she way through the smoke to a bearded scientist . west / gordon rita ! she unlock he neck collar , turn to they and smile . rita ( disappear into the chaos ) meet I after the show ! both West and Gordon look after she with yearn as three goons charge they . coleman , amaze at they torpor , quickly grab a rifle from the incinerate goon and open FIRE . blam ! blam ! blam ! Three goons drop . Gordon and West exchange look . not bad for a emphysemic old engineer . coleman special marshal ... President think you need some lookin ' after . speak of the President ... he 's grab a dead goon 's rifle , and be laying down a pretty good field of FIRE himself . suddenly , he get a tap on the shoulder from behind . it 's amazonia . whap , she send a right to he chin knock he out . she throw he over she shoulder and carry he away . 179 int . loveless lair - amphitheater - behind stage - 179 dusk as fire engulf the place , loveless have no choice but to retreat ... for now . surrounded by a cadre of he woman , who carry the unconscious President grant , loveless head through a round steel vault door . as amazonia swing the door close , the foreign dignitary bang on the door begging for admittance . ( continued ) 102 . 179 continued : 179 french minister monsieur , we be you partner ! you can not let we die in this fire !! loveless it 's not the first time y'all have be burn in America . he chuckle , nod to amazonia , who slam the door close . 180 ext . loveless lair - amphitheater - west , gordon and 180 coleman - dusk emerge from the smoking lair , cough and gasp for breath . they watch helplessly as ... 181 ext . amphitheater - tarantula - dusk 181 clamber out of the bowl -- with grant captive on the bridge . a182 ext . amphitheater - dusk a182 coleman this be diabolical ! they have get the President and I have still get that silly song in my head ! gordon ( freaking out ) C 'mon we gotta go ! we gotta ride horse ! something ! West be watch the tarantula , turn to calm he . west no , arte . right now , we need a plan . Gordon try to compose himself . west that flyin ' machine idea of yours ... be you just act like you know what you be talk about ... or could you build it ? 182 omitted 182 &amp ; &amp ; 183 183 103 . 184 ext . near spider canyon - wanderer - stop - dusk 184 panning a expanse of canvas comprise a 20 - foot wing span . in the b.g. , we hear Gordon scribbling . gordon ( o.s. ) now Bernoulli 's principle state that the air flow over a bird 's wing ... be move at a lower pressure than the pressure below the wing ... that 's call ' lift . ' course , it 's just a theory ... it 's never be test . new angle - gordon' drawing it depict a wing cut through the air . arrow indicate airflow . circular line indicate " life . " only one problem , it 's upside down . Gordon remedy that . look sheepishly to West who , like he , be wear a leather flight jacket and goggle . west you be not makin ' I feel any better . now they attach the wing to the frame -- which be connect to the nitro-cycle . coleman , he ever- present cigarette dangle from he mouth , ready bomb from the gunpowder of cartridge and Gordon 's design . they look like flash Gordon 's spaceship . he pass they out . coleman here 's a coupla bon voyage present . gordon coleman ! must you smoke when handle explosive ! Gordon grab they away from he and sit in the saddle of the nitro-cycle . West look at coleman apologetically as he stuff the bomb into he jacket . west he 's just a little nervous ' cause no one 's ever fly before . West be barely on the back when Gordon kick it over and they blast out of frame . 104 . 185 ext . desert and cliff - nitro - cycle - dusk 185 build ground speed . Gordon be nervous at the wheel . West give he a encourage pat . west avant ...! avant !!! but they speed be not enough to get they airborne . gordon we be not get enough lift ! we need more speed ! then in a uncharacteristic move by Gordon , he turn the machine around and head for the cliff . west hey , uh ... that 's the cliff over there , you know ? he gun the accelerator . gordon yes , I do know . and with that , the nitro -cycle go off the cliff ! it disappear for the count of five . then suddenly it swoops up and past camera . they be fly ! 186 ext . sky - desert wasp - in flight - dusk 186 gordon ( amaze ) it work ...? it work !! west ( look down ) if you have to get one right , I be real glad it be this one . gordon ( exhilated , with west-like abandon ) yeee -haaa ! and with that , they bank the Desert wasp around and fly off to save the Republic . 187 ext . silverado - tarantula - dusk 187 be enter the town . 105 . 188 ext . bridge - tarantula - dusk 188 loveless turn to grant , he face beat and bruise . loveless Mr. President , I will ask you once again . sign the surrender or I decimate this town ! president grant you have have my answer . loveless 's face darken as amazonia hand he a tray of cotton ball . loveless ( as he put in earplug ) I find the sound of people scream while they get blow to smithereen , ruin the ear for music . do not you ? he offer they to the President . grant swat they away . loveless commence fire ! and with that the tarantula open FIRE on the town . there 's a lot of stomping and smash , too . 189 ext . sky - desert wasp ( in flight ) - dusk 189 high above the tarantula . Gordon , lose in the joy of flight , turn to West who be more of a white - knuckler . gordon I think I will call it ... west lemme guess ... a elevation enhancer ? gordon ( why would you call it that ? ) no , Air ... Gordon . now West point to the tarantula and chaos below . west go down , down there ! ( continued ) 106 . 189 continued : 189 gordon ( as if to a child ) you can not just ' go down there . ' Flight depend on lift , which must be calibrate to the angle of descent ... west shut up and go down there , will ya ? West reach up , shove the make- shift joystick forward . as the wasp plummet toward the bridge of the tarantula and Gordon strain to keep control ... 190 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 190 loveless and grant be oblivious to we heroes above . he unlock one of grant 's handcuffs , present he with a pen . loveless well , Mr. President . have you have enough yet ? would you like to sign the surrender or shall we set a course for Denver ? wichita ? Washington , perhaps ? suddenly there 's a loud whooosh and ... 191 ext . sky - desert wasp ( in flight ) - above silverado - 191 dusk West and Gordon swoop down low . West unfasten bomb from he vest , wait for the right moment . as they swing past the tarantula cannon , he drop they . boom ! boom ! the big gun fall limp . 192 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 192 the dumbfounded tarantula crew , which have be whittle down to miss lippenreider , amazonia and munitia . they never count on have to shoot something in the air , and can not raise they weapon any higher than 90 degree . 193 ext . sky - desert wasp ( in flight ) - above silverado - 193 dusk West and Gordon banking around for another sortie . 107 . 194 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 194 loveless wheel he chair amid the smoke and chaos , shocked . warning horn be go off . president grant well , I will be damned ... it 's West and Gordon ... fly ! grant chuckle at the dauntless pair 's pluck . president grant keep that surrender handy . I think you be go to need it ! loveless do not be too sure ... loveless think for a moment , push grant out of the way , and roll over to the control . he push a lever and the tarantula bend down on its knee . he bark to munitia . loveless I be through with diplomacy ... take he away and kill he ! 195 ext . desert - tarantula - dusk 195 on its front knee ... 196 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 196 now its rear end be tilt up in the air give amazonia at the gatling gun a shot at ... 197 ext . sky - desert wasp ( in flight ) - above silverado - 197 dusk the bullet perforate the Desert 's wasp 's wing and blast through its strut . they be go down ! west what do you boy da vinci say about puttin ' this bird down ? gordon I do not think he think it would ever work , so he do not get that far . I be open to suggestion . ( continued ) 108 . 197 continued : 197 west take out as many bad guy out as you can . Gordon aim wasp at the tarantula kamikaze - like just as ... 198 ext . tarantula - lower deck - munitia - dusk 198 munitia cock back the hammer of she pistol and aim it at the President ... the wasp crash into she . the shot goe off wildly and munitia fall off the deck , to she death . as grant and the wasp hang over the edge ... 199 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 199 loveless at the control . loveless munitia ! munitia !!! 200 ext . tarantula - lower deck - dusk 200 West and Gordon , bruise but alive , climb off the wasp and onto the lower deck . they pick up the President and dust he off . gordon sorry about that , sir . nose up , flap down . have to remember that next time . president grant Son , never apologize for save a President 's life . as Gordon realize that he 's finally make amend for that night long ago in Ford 's theater ... amazonia ( o.s. ) soon you all can fly again . this time with little angel wing . West , Gordon and grant turn to see amazonia and lippenreider with the drop on they . wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 109 . 201 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 201 West , Gordon , and grant be now under loveless 's control . loveless gentlemen , I be truly impressed by you effort and ingenuity . why not swear a oath of loyalty to I ... and forego you execution . west why not ? well , I guess maybe I would rather see what happen when I stuff you ass into that cannon up there and fertilize the landscape . gordon uh , Jim , I think a polite ' no ' would suffice ... loveless tap a button on he chair and the floor open up beneath West . he go crash down a story . loveless sic amazonia on Gordon and grant and proceed down the ramp to the level below . loveless lippenreider , take over the control . ( look down at West ) we may not have a woodsh on board , but that boy be gonna get a whoopin ' anyway ! 202 int . belly of the beast - day 202 West plunge down into the metal chamber . oile piston , thrust . steam , billow . struggle to he foot . there , out of the shadow , step ... knife guy he 's a mess ... no hand , just brass collar where they use to be . they lock eye . west so , I guess you be the one who 's gonna give I my whoopin' . they square off . a beat . then , a long steely blade shoot out from where he leave hand use to be . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 109a . 202 continued : 202 west pfft . I get one a' that . West reveal the less impressive four inch stiletto in he boot . knife guy respond by produce another blade from he other cuff . west but you have get two of that . ( beat ) okay , lemme talk to Gordon , I will see if he can ... no time for talk . knife guy do a bad - ass series of move . the blade criss -crossing one another at blind speed . West , unimpress , retort with a lame shake of he stiletto and boot . and the fight begin ... knife guy attack ! West narrowly escape each thrust of the knife , and attempt a kick to the groin ... but come up short -- the stiletto collide with one of the blade and snap like a carrot . his only weapon ... go . west damn . West roll onto the railing to avoid the attack . spark fly as the knife guy try to slice and dice West but miss each time , hit the metal railing instead . West roll to the floor , suck air . knife guy land a kick to West 's rib . and to make matter worse ... wrench guy just show up . he swing he wrench at West 's head . West duck but get kick in the back . he sail across the room , land flat on he back . now ... shovel guy make a appearance . he hammer he shovel at West 's groin , over and over . ( West be in a crab position and back up to avoid this . ) West finally get a kick in -- it do a moderate amount of damage . wrench guy appear and swing he huge wrench at West 's head . West escape it , barely ... knife guy thrust a side-kick at West 's chest , but West catch he foot , hold on for dear life . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 109b . 202 continued : ( 2 ) 202 wrench guy be inbound , with wrench in hand . he swing on West , but West block it with knife guy 's leg ... ouch ! West punch both of they . wrench guy tumble out of frame . West stand . look for a way out , but ... no luck ... shovel guy attack . West duck and the shovel connect squarely with knife guy 's blade . West crouch and throw two simultaneous punch , each connect with a set of jewel . West stand , follow it up with a right cross and leave hook and this two joker wind up out of frame . now ... the wrench guy be on he foot and he 's piss ! he attack West , land a solid kick to the chest and West fly backward toward a ... hanging chain which he grab . he scale the gear , get a solid grip , then swing , a huge arc across the room , gain momentum , and kick shovel guy and wrench guy at the same time ! off they foot they go , slamm onto the metal floor . West land . knife guy attack . West use the chain to block the blade which be fly at he , leave and right . spark fly . West manage to wrap the chain around one of the knife , lock it down , and heave it into the gear ... the blade snap . west no more mister knife guy ! West drop a stiff right - cross on the chin of the knife guy ... wobble he leg a bit . but before West can follow up ... another blade shoot out to replace the break one . it stop about a half - an-inch from West 's nose . a struggle ensue , but West manage to wrap the chain around knife guy 's neck and string he up . West throw a kick to he back ... knife guy , hang by he neck , fly through the belly ... ( the chain be on a track ) ... and out of the mouth of the beast , down into the abyss , chain and all . shovel guy spring to he foot and swing on West . West grab the shovel and they struggle for possession ... ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 109c . 202 continued : ( 3 ) 202 wrench guy come out of nowhere and want a piece of the action . but West use the shovel to deflect the swing - ing wrench ... spark fly . West gain sole possession of the shovel and mule- kick shovel guy out of frame . West spin just in time to land a crippling blow to wrench guy 's back . shovel guy grab the shovel . he and West tug - o' - war again . West duck under the shovel and move back - to- front with he . West elbow he in the rib . he respond by put West in a choke hold . West swing the shovel wildly but hit he target -- shovel guy 's head ! West step back , get he foot and , for good measure , whacks he in the back . wrench guy attack . West defend himself with the shovel and land a stiff kick to he stomach . wrench guy go down ... West turn , hit shovel guy in the chest with the shovel and he go down ... wrench guy sneak up on West from behind and swing at he head . West , on instinct , lift the shovel and block the deadly blow at the last second . West have now find he rhythm ... he swing and shovel and connect with ... first , the foot , then the chin , and last but not least , the head -- boink ! West drop the shovel and , World wrestling federation style , pick he up and hurl he into the space between the gear . we will not see he anymore ! West pivot and whack !... shovel guy plant a neat little roundhouse kick squarely on West 's jaw . West back up and catch another in the stomach . then ... shovel guy really show what he 's make of ... he do a series of jump -kick , round - house and fan - kick into the air . all perfectly time , all deadly . shovel guy I learn that from a chinaman . West , without miss a beat , step on the shovel , which flip into he hand and -- whack ! -- land a clean one right on the top of shovel guy 's melon . west I just make that up . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 109d . 202 continued : ( 4 ) 202 shovel guy reel back and tumble over the railing , through the hole and he 's go ... west do not forget you shovel ! West cast the shovel out into the abyss . west ( upward ) be that all you get for I , loveless ?! West , exhaust , turn and see ... metal head all seven foot of he . the top of he head be a metal plate . extend downward , encircle he eye . West soak he in , sigh . west uh , I just throw my shovel out . so this really be not fair . if you do not mind , I would like to ... West , at lightning speed , throw a sucker - punch / spin - ning back -fist to Metal head 's jaw ... ping ! that one really hurt ... West 's hand , that be . Metal head be not faze a bit . West throw another shot , this time to the gut ... ping ! then a kick to the groin ... ping !!! west ( incredulous ) noooo . Metal head have have enough . he effortlessly pick West up by he lapel and fling he across the room . West tumble , and land right next to ... wrench he pick it up and start swinging ! a shot to the body ... ping ! then another ... ping ! then another ... pingggg ! Metal head lurch forward , absorb each blow with not so much as a twitch of the eye . West furries ... ping ! ping ! ping ! ping !... nothing ! he go for the head ... pinnnnnngggg !... nothing ! West be out of time . he 's be back up as far as he can go . his heel be dangle over the mouth of the beast , a thousand foot above the rocky cliff . west sorry . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 109e . 202 continued : ( 5 ) 202 Metal head grunt , grimace and pitch forward , toward West , slowly but menacingly ... West brace himself . metal head urrrrrrrrrrggggghhh !!! West side -step and Metal head fall face first into the open air . west ( downward ) you guy just do not get out enough . CUT to : 202a int . tarantula - below deck - dusk 202 a West slowly get up . loveless be about to roll over he . he jump up in the air , grab onto a overhead strut , reverse and shove the wheelchair off the ramp jam the wheel . a smile come to West 's face as he watch loveless 's frustrated attempt at go forward and backward . west when you get right down to it , loveless , you just can not beat a good pair of leg . loveless ( thin smile ) you be obviously not a poker player , Mr. West ... loveless press a button , the sound of mechanical gear engaging . suddenly four metal leg appear from underneath the wheelchair , raise he body to a height of six foot ten . loveless two pair always beat a pair . West stare up at he slack - jaw . loveless roll up he sleeve , step away from the wheelchair ready to fight . loveless now ... be it someone particularly close to you who perish in that military action ? West respond with a roundhouse kick to the chin that make loveless spin around on the platform of he chair . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 110 . 202a continued : 202a loveless ( stunne ) hmmm . well , that hit a nerve . loveless imitate West by kick with a lightning flash of a alloy leg . it 's a rib cracker that send West sprawling . loveless a mother , perhaps ? a father ? close - west's hand he 's just try to get up when a cleate metal foot stomp down with hundred of foot pound per square inch . as West scream in pain ... 203 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 203 Gordon try to come to West 's aid , but amazonia point a gun barrel at he temple . Gordon can only watch helplessly as ... 204 int . tarantula - below deck - dusk 204 loveless begin a metallic -flamenco , hand on he hip , he piston - like leg kick West 's body and head . loveless it feel so good to stretch my leg . ( continued ) 111 . 204 continued : 204 West can not take much more of this , he 's about to pass out . loveless lower he alloy foot over West 's head and begin to crush it like a grape . loveless I like to beat my foot on the Mississippi mud ! 205 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 205 Gordon watch in a torture sweat as he partner try to hold off the metal foot . but he 's slowly lose . Gordon turn to he female captor , throw he arm out beseechingly . when he do , the derringer come snap out of he sleeve in the device which normally hold he pen . gordon stop this violence ! Gordon blink at the gun . so do lippenreider and amazonia . grant know what to say , if Gordon do not . president grant Drop them . they obey , chuck they gun overboard . 206 int . tarantula - below deck - dusk 206 West 's eye be pop out of he head , the mechanical pressure of loveless 's leg . gordon ( o.s. ) stop or I will shoot ! if possible , West 's eye pop even further . Gordon shoot ? new angle - loveless look up to see Gordon hold the derringer on he from up above . loveless you expect to kill I with that little pea shooter ? gordon if I have to . yes . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 10/7/98 112. 206 continued : 206 loveless why be it , that I be unafraid ? ( chuckle ) I believe you gentleman be the polar opposite of a moral dilemma and I be stick in the middle . on one end , we have Mr. West , a man of primitive vigour uncomplicate by intellect . and on the other , there 's Mr. Gordon . a man of idea , but unlike myself , lack the passion to kill for they . he would like to be able to act he way out of it . and for some reason when he 's actin' , someone always seem to get kill . loveless put more pressure on West 's head , he groan . Gordon aim . west ( gasp ) shoot he , Gordon ...! loveless I be right about you , be not I , Gordon ? and that 's why I be gonna kill you friend here . then I be go to kill you . pop ! the shot startles loveless , West and even Gordon . but when loveless realize that he 's not hit , he laugh . loveless after all that , you miss . gordon not exactly . he gesture down loveless 's leg to a puncture metal tube that 's spraying a stream of hydraulic fluid all over the deck -- rendering the foot on West 's head , powerless . West get out from under , rub he neck to regain circulation . west better than a fountain pen , do not you think . ( nod behind Gordon ) by the way , you chivalry 's about to be test . Gordon turn to see ... ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 7/1/98 113. 206 continued : ( 2 ) 206 angle - amazonia and lippenreider charge he . they smash into he , drive he to the rail . as they pummel he , try to throw he over , Gordon realize this be no time for passivity . he retaliate with a series of chop and kick that would make West proud . over the rail , go lippenreider . in that split-second before she drop , Gordon mouth " bye-bye . " before he can savor the moment further , amazonia club he from behind . Gordon whirl and hit she so hard it surprise they both . over the railing she go ! as amazonia hover there , President grant give she the kick in the pants she need to go sailing . president grant ( to Gordon , impressed ) we will be join they in a moment if you can not stop that thing ! 207 ext . tarantula - bridge - dusk 207 Gordon turn to see grant gesture at the horizon . his eye widen when he see the flat mesa they be travel come to a sudden halt at a 1000 foot cliff . president grant let 's see how clever you really be ... Gordon frantically start pull this lever and that . meanwhile ... 208 omitted 208 209 int . tarantula - below deck - dusk 209 West approach loveless . there 's go to be some payback . west for almost four long year I have be trackin ' the animal responsible for the massacre at New Liberty . and I hear that 's you ... but with the hydraulic fluid , the fight have go out of loveless . his mechanical leg shrivel before we eye , and loveless sink helplessly to the deck like the wick witch . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 114. 209 continued : 209 whimper pathetically , he uncouple he body from the useless contraption and slowly back up to he wheelchair that 's stick against the railing . loveless please , West ... show a little mercy to a poor defenseless cripple ... west ( imitate he accent ) now , now , Doctor ... let 's not cloud this otherwise sunny day with that poor - ol ' - me-cripple - talk . just buck up and say to yourself , ' I be indefatigably hard - pumpin ' and steely ! ' loveless get to he wheelchair and collapse in it . loveless after I kill ya , I swear I be gonna boil you down to axle grease ! west now that 's the ol ' doctor I know ! but the smile fade from West 's face when he see loveless 's shotgun armrest pop out levele at he waist . West have nowhere to go but up as he leap to grab the I - beam over he head just as loveless pull the triggers on both barrel ... boom ! boom ! the shot almost blow the heel off West 's boot . they puncture a pipe behind he . steam spew out . this be go to have a effect on something . 210 ext . tarantula bridge - dusk 210 Gordon and grant be try different combination to stop the thing . finally , Gordon throw up he hand . he do not know what else to try when suddenly the tarantula seize up as if it just have a heart attack and tilt forward . 211 ext . cliff - edge - dusk 211 the tarantula lurch forward drastically and teeter - totter on the brink . wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 114a . 212 int . tarantula - below deck - dusk 212 the sudden stop jerk loveless ' wheelchair free . despite he frantic effort , he 's roll toward the opposite railing . when the wheelchair hit a pool of hydraulic fluid on the deck , it spin he around 180 degree . West jump up , grab a girder . the wheelchair spin under West 's leg and then -- clank -- it slam into the railing and wedge there . 213 ext . cliff edge - dusk 213 the impact make the mighty beast jerk forward , inch away from toppling over . 214 int . tarantula - below deck - dusk 214 the jolt shoot West off the girder . he free-falls through the belly and out into the open air . think quickly , he grab onto the back of loveless ' wheel - chair . his arm nearly tear from they socket . his weight cause the wheelchair to shift , now leave it hang on by a thread . West reach out , grab the wheel of the chair and hang there . loveless well , I will be a monkey 's uncle . how do we arrive in this dark situation ? west I do not know . guess I be stump ! loveless and I be so cotton- pickin ' afraid of height . they just give I the spook ! west ah , do not be afraid , loveless . with this be the last leg of we journey and all , you should soak in the view , you be really miss something . loveless mister West , I be gonna cut this conversation short ... west good one , loveless . I do not think of that one . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/99 114b . 214 continued : 214 loveless ( furious ) mister West !!! I be face with a difficult decision here . on one hand , there be the overwhelming love that I have for myself , and on the other , the raw , seethe hatred I have for you ! now , I could kill you very easily , just by pull this lever ... he move the joystick . the chair jerk back . loveless but , of course , I would die along with you . I guess the only thing that I can take comfort in be the hope that you would hit that rock a second before I and I could enjoy immeasurable bliss before I vanish . ( move joystick back and forth ) what to do , what to do ... West grab the joystick . west allow I to make that decision easy on you , loveless . because I want to see you dead a hell of a lot more than I want to live . loveless why be it that I have a sneaking suspicion , that although you be as black as the night on the outside ... inside , you be yellow ?! they lock eye . a beat . loveless you do not have it in you , do you ... boy ?! west you be right . let 's cut this conversation short ! West yank the joystick back . ( continued ) wild wild west - Rev. 4/9/97 114c . 214 continued : 214 angle - loveless he eye widen . the wheel spin for a second , finally catch , and in a flash , loveless and West free - fall into space . loveless weeeeeeeeeest !!!! a beat , then ... angle - chain which be dangle from the belly of the beast . at the bottom of the chain be the knife guy from the fight scene . West be hang on to he ankle , enjoy a vindictive , belly laugh . west ( downward ) now that look like it hurt . CUT to : 215 omitted 215 216 ext . promontory point - close on golden spike - day 216 it 's drive finally into place to a rouse cheer . pull back to reveal that President grant , he sleeve roll up , have deliver the blow . hat in the air , handshake , picture . the specter of loveless and he evil plot a fade memory . grant turn to West and Gordon . president grant gentlemen , I now strongly believe the United States be go to be truly united . not because of this railroad ... but because of you . ( continued ) the wild wild west - Rev. 7/1/98 115a . 216 continued : 216 grant scan the crowd , every race seem present at this momentous event . he reach into he pocket , take out two silver shield . president grant I have sign into law the creation of a agency whose sole duty be to protect the President and the country from lunatic like loveless . ( pin badge on they vest ) welcome to the secret service , Agents no. 1 and no. 2 . ( continued ) 116 . 216 continued : 216 the President shake both they hand . Gordon resist look down . gordon uh , just out of curiosity , sir ... who 's agent no. 1 ? grant just shake he head , some thing never change . president grant I do not think that matter very much , do you ? Gordon ? besides , you will have plenty of time to discuss it on you new assignment . ( hand they piece of paper ) see you back in Washington . he snap off a salute , start to go as they read it . Gordon look up , very troubled . gordon but , sir ... what about we train ? president grant ( over shoulder ) well , I be take it of course . Hell , you let loveless blow up mine . as they look at one another in dismay ... rita ( o.s. ) Jim ... arte ...? they turn to see rita approach they from a crowd of scientist . she 's look extraordinarily fetching in a print dress and parasol . West and Gordon sit up like dog . west rita ! you look great . gordon ravish , a vision . she hug West , she hug Gordon . who 's it gonna be ? rita I just want to thank you for everything you have do for I ... before I go back home to Texas . ( continued ) 117 . 216 continued : ( 2 ) 216 west Texas ? why be you go back there ? why do not you come with I back to Washington ? gordon or better still , come with I to Washington . I could introduce you to people I still know in the theater ... west she 's not really a entertainer , remember ? rita ( intercede ) I can not go with either of you . she look from one crestfallen suitor to the other . rita it 's not that you both do not have you attribute . ( to Gordon ) you be so sophisticated and such a wonderful cook . ( to West ) Jim , you be good with a gun ... and have great leg . ( to both ) and you be both so brave . but ... I be afraid I have not be completely honest with you . west and gordon uh-oh ... rita Professor escobar 's not my father . he 's my husband . she gesture to a handsome goateed latino wait for she . shave and clean up , he 's not the old man we think . west rita ... why do not you just tell we that in the first place ? ( continued ) 118. 216 continued : ( 3 ) 216 rita well , I be go to ... but would you have really bring I along if I say I be marry ? honestly . neither West nor Gordon know what to say . rita I do not think so . she turn and start to walk away . stop and smile . rita at least you still have each other . as West and Gordon look at one another ... 217 ext . monument valley - sunset 217 we gaze out over one of that achingly beautiful John Ford vista as we hear we heroes voice . west ( o.s. ) you know , arte ... gordon ( o.s. ) what 's that , Jim ? west ( o.s. ) maybe rita 's right ... suddenly intrude into the f.g. be a huge metal leg . then another leg clomp down ... and the tarantula come into full view . as we heroes ride slowly into the sunset . west besides ... there 's a lot of other woman in the world . gordon that 's easy for you to say . she do not walk off with you best dress . fade out . the end