best adapted screenplay screenplay by Nick hornby wind Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 1. ext . pacific crest trail - day a breathtakingly beautiful and remote part of northern California - luridly green forest , forbid mountain , a enormous sky . no sign of civilization anywhere . we can hear the sound of human breathe , though - she breath be rag , maybe distress . and now we see a hike boot that clearly have something to do with the breathe . it 's not on a foot ~ it 's perch on a rock . the boot owner be cheryl , filthy , possibly blonde hair , she face and leg cover in cut and bruise . on the ground beside she be a enormous back - pack , as big as she be , almost . she 's try to remove the other boot , a process that 's cause she immense pain . the boot come off . she throw it down beside the other one . now all she need to do be peel off the blood-stain sock . she tear the sock off in one fast agonizing movement . she wince and curse . Close on she expose foot , which be a raw , pulpy mess . one of she toenaile be loose . she sing ... cheryl , I would rather be a hammer than a nail ... take a deep breath , and suddenly rip the entire toenail off . this cause a chain reaction . she twist away in pain , and knock the giant back - pack over . the back - pack fall againet the boot , and bounce it towards the edge of the path where it topplés down and deep into the wood below . Cheryl stand up and peer down in disbelief . cheryl ( cont 'd ) no. she sit back down and take off she other boot . this time che get the boot and the sock off in second . she must feel the pain , but she anger and despair trump it . cheryl ( cont ’d ) fuck you , bitch ! she stand up and hurl the one remain boot down into the wood towards its mate . as it fall , a sudden rush of disconnect image - a syringe go into a ankle ... ( continued ) ied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 2 . continued : different body part in various stage of sex ... a finger lock up word in a dictionary ... a horse flail ... a man 's fiet inch from the face of a young girl ... page of a book burn in a campfire ... a fox look straight at we ... a woman with no eye ... her voice bounce off the rock . ' the title appear over black : wild . ext , roadside - mojave , cadifornia - dusk a old pickup pull up outside a mote ) near mojave . the neon sign ~ weite 's motel - television - vacancy - be bright in the twilight , like a Hopper painting . Cheryl get out , start to collect she stuff from the back of the pickup - she enormous back - pack , and two enormous plastic carrier bage full of stuff . she put the bag down , wave to the driver of the pickup . int . motel - day Cheryl walk into the grubby lobby of the motel . the tv up on the wall behind the desk be show the oj trial . the woman behind the desk have she neck crooked uncomfortably so that she can see it . Cheryl come in , struggle with she bag . she dump they on the lobby floor . she 's excited . the desk clerk swivel round and glare at she . cheryl hi . I would like a room for the night , please ? desk clerk bhighteen dollar . she look over Cheryl 's shoulder out of the glass door , apparently check something . desk clerk ( cont 'd ) unless you have a companion join you later . if you have a companion , it 's more . cheryl I do not have a companion . desk clerk so it 's eighteen dollar . for now . cheryl it 's go to stay eighteen dollar . ( continued ) wind Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 3 . continued : desk clerk unless someone come later . cheryl someone will not . desk clerk he might . Cheryl try not to show impatience at the circularity of the argument . she pull out a twenty and push it across the desk . the clerk take the money and slide a form and a ballpoint on a chain towards Cheryl . cheryl I have actually come here to hike the pct , s0 T / will have to leave the license number part blank . no car . if Cheryl be hope for some friendly and curious engagement , she 's get nothing . cheryl ( cont ’d ) and also ... I do not have a address . desk clerk so put down you folk 's address . Cheryl hesitates and then write a address while the woman go back to watch the news report of the oj trial . desk clerk ( cont 'd ) you think he do it ? I do . that man be guilty as sin . Cheryl pick up she bag and , key in mouth , head towards she room . int , motel room - night Cheryl be lie on the bed in the motel room , sip cheap wine from a plastic cup and watch tv with 's the sound down — George clooney be talk to a patient on er . beside she bed there be a bucket , catch drip from some kind of plumbing problem in the ceiling . the plop of the drip seem ominous . she have not unpack she stuff , which be still in carrier bag on the floor . she 's wear a tank top , and on she leave deltoid we see a tattoo of a blue horse . it 's fresh , and rimmed with tiny scab . she begin to pick they off , and one start to bleed slightly . weed Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) a. int . motel room ~ night Cheryl part the curtain of she room and look out into the dark . across the way there 's a man , Cheryl 's age , passably attractive , smoking a cigarette . he see she look , and she allow she gaze to linger a little longer than she should . she drop the curtain . she pick up the phone in the room , dial a number . cheryl ( tenderly ) hey . int . apartment — night paul , Cheryl 's age , handsome and likable , be in he kitchen , cooking with a woman , 20 , both sip wine . we see Paul 's tattoo , same place on the arm . er be also play on the tv in the live room . paul ( with equal feel ) oh. hey . hi. he tuck the phone under he chin and gesture to the girl that he 'il be two minute . he wander into he live room . paul ( cont 'd ) you in mojave ? cherye yeah . T just give you address as my address on the motel registration form . it be the only one I could think of . paul that 's cool . any time . cheryl té you see my brother , will you tell he I make it this far ? I do not suppose he 's 11 give much of @ shit . paul no , he do , he will . Paul do not want to get into a long conversation . paul ( cont ’d ) listen , I be cooking dinner for a friend , and ... ( continued ) ied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 3 . continued : 6 cheryl , oh ? which friend ? she try to say it playfully , and fail . paul do it make any difference ? a beat . before she can answer ... paul ( cont ’d ) you want to get into a discussion about we sexual conduct ? cheryl Z only call because I could not get through to leif . paul I want you to call . we be friend , remember . cheryl , yes . sorry . they re-gather . paul no , I be sorry . cheryl , for what ? paul I do not know . I be sorry you have to walk @ thousand mile just to ... he trail off . cheryl yeah , finish that sentence . Way do I have to walk a thousand mile ? neither of they say anything . they watch George clooney instead . cheryl ( cont ’d ) you still have the list of place to write to ? paul yeah . you want I to send anything else ? ( continued ) wed Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 6 . continued : ( 2 ) cheryl no , thanks . aimee 's in charge of the box . paul , what 's in the first one ? cheryl a couple of book , some chocolate , T - shirt and pants , twenty buck . Jesus , T can remember a time when T want more than that from life . paul I wish thing be different for you . she do not say anything . paul ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be amazing . if not , remember that you can quit . any time . and nobody will think any the less of you . cheryl this be not about what other people think of I , Paul , it 's about what I think of I . paul ok . I have to go . cheryl $ 0 go . paul you finally get what you want . cheryl , what 's that ? paul to be alone . Cheryl thinke about this for a moment . paul ( cont 'd ) happy trail ! she hange up . the drip-catch bucket be fill up . there 's a little puddle of water around it . she ignore it . she strip off to take a shower . ( continued ) wild pink ( 10/09/13 ) 7 continued : ( 3 ) on the way to the bathroom she pick up the bucket , and realize that it have a hole in it . she snort with bitter amusement . cheryl , figure . int . bathroom - niget she dump the water from the bucket into the bath , and catch sight of herself in a mirror . she stare at herself penetratingly . her reflection sadden she . later . she 's get wet hair and she 's wear a T-shirt . she part the curtain to see if the man 's still there . he 's go . she reach for a emall box : ' the loudest whistle in the World 's , it say on it . she take the whistle out and put it in she mouth . it stay silent . int . motel room - morning Cheryl be stand in the middle of the motel room beside she enormous backpack , and lock around she , helplessly . there be equipment on every available surface in the bedroom . she sigh , take she sleep bag , stuff it into the backpack . ' then she cooking pot , then she tent , then she raincoat , then she lantern and 'a towel , toilet paper , notebook ... later . the backpack be a marvel to behold . bveryth have be put away ; there be thing dangle from every piece of the framework , and a complicated system of bungee cord . this efficiency have come at some personal cost , though , because Cheryl be red-face and sweaty . cberye , oh , shit . she have forget something . she start to delve in the bag . 10 1 wred Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 8. int . motel bathroom - morning 9 Cheryl be fill a apparently insatiable dromedary bag in the bathroom sink . the dromedary bag be basically a giant water balloon , heavy and hard to wrestle with ; when Cheryl have fill it ’and seal it , she pick it up . it 's clearly heavy and slippery , and it inmediately squirm out of she grasp and onto the floor . she pick it up again and work out a way to carry it as far as the bedroom . int . bedroom - morning 10 and now , miraculously , the dromedary bag be attach to the backpack . Cheryl be in a even worse state ; she 's sit on the floor next to the pack . there be large damp patch around she armpit . she stand up , look to she handiwork , and then take the backpack by the frame , just to test how heavy it feel . the backpack do not move . she use both hand ... still nothing . she can not even lift it . cheryl , Jesus Christ . she site down in front of the pack , put she arm through the shoulder strap . she rock backwards and forward to gain some momentum , and then shoote herself forward . if she be hope that the maneuver would end with she stand up , she 's disappointed ; now she 's on she hand and knee , try to stop the pack from push she onto she belly . she crawl forward a couple of inch , put a hand on the metal cool unit in the room , use this to give herself some leverage . slowly , she manage to get to she foot - she head rise , she knee straighten . she 's basically in a Olympic weight - lift stance , and if the object of the exercise be to get herself into a stand position wear a enormous backpack , then she 's succeed triumphantly . bxt . gas station - day il Cheryl be lean against the wall beside a soda machine in a gas station , chugge a soda greedily . her backpack tower above she head . shes already a hot and dishevel mess . she 's people - watch , apparently try to work out which of the gae station 's customer she might approach for a lift . the mother with three squabbling child be easy to discount ; so too the sinister - lcoke man with hood eye , a pony - tail and a scar down one cheek . ( continued ) il 12 wild pink ( 10/09 /13 ) a. continued : 1 she like the look of a pair of man who may well be father and son - the father be fiftyish , the son be 16 - in a van . as the father be about to open the van door , Cheryl approach he unsteadily . cheryl hi . you drive west ? man ( reluctantly ) yeah . cheryl - I '' go to tehachapi pass ? the man shrug . an ok . Cheryl walke over to the car , and then realize that she have no easy way of climb into the back seat . she open the car door , sit on the edge of the seat with she leg on the ground , lie down and wriggle out of the backpack . int . van - day 12 Cheryl , happy in the back seat of the van without she pack on . mar so what 's go on at tehachapi pass ? cheryl , I be hike the pct from there . man I do not know what that be . cheryl , the Pacific crest Trail . run from the mexican border to Canada . I will be walk for the next three month . man jeez . you do a lot of hike ? ( continued ) 12 al2 b12 cl2 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 10 . continued : 12 cheryl yeah . I mean , I be not a obsessive . this ig still , you know ... quite a stretch for I . man so we be go to be you last human company for a while . cheryl I guess that 's right . I should make the most of the conversational opportunity . hey almost immediately lapse into a silence ... break by the man , who turn the car radio on and search for music . the shangri-las 's '' I can never go Home anymore " suddenly play . the son seem annoyed by he father 's music selection . Cheryl look out the window at the arid landscape , and smile . int , bobbi ‘s house . day alz bobbi , Cheryl 's mother - thirtyish , attractive , bright - eye , arty , hippy , energetic - be dance to the shangri-las tune with seven - year - old Cheryl . they house be comfortable , cheaply but imaginatively furnish , full of colour . Cheryl and bobbi have a whole choreograph routine to accompany the shangri-las 's song which they perform with perfect seriousness while do the dish . the girl stop dance when Cheryl 's four- year - old brother ibif turn the music off . int . van - day biz ' the son just switch the radio off and go back to he read . his father look at hin . the man I love you too , son . whe father shake he head , visibly hurt . no sign of compassion from the son who keep on read . Cheryl go back to she daydream . soundless flashback : c12 we be back at bobbi 's house . bobbi hold she hand a couple of inch apart . Young Cheryl and leif start to smile and shake they head no . bobbi move she hand further apart . the kid ehake they head again . bobbi 's arm be stretch as wide as they can go . this be the child 's cue for a hug . they run into she arm . ( continued ) 12 13 wreD Blue ( 03/30/2013 ) ake continued : 12 even though we do not really understand what 's go on ( we will later ) , this demonstration of love and happiness would put a smile on anyone 's face ... sss but not on Cheryl 's as she keep look out the window . ext . roadside - day 13 the van pull off the road and Cheryl get out . the man open the door and walk round to help she . with enormous effort , cheryi drag the backpack down the seat . the man take over , pick it up , drop it down with a alarming thump . he 's clearly take aback by the weight . man you be go to put that on you back ? because I could not put it on mine . cheryl oh , you get use to it . the man stand there for a moment , wait for she to put it on . he want to see that she can . Cheryl amile at he , not willing to do it in front of he . there 's a standoff for a moment . cheryl ( cont ’d ) ' thanks for the ride . the man stare at she for a moment longer , realize that she 's wait until he 's go , and give up . an be safe out there . cheryl , twill . he get back in the ven and drive off . Cheryl site down in the dirt and adopt the position she need to get the pack on she back . she look around she . she 's on the edge of the desert . Dust be blow around she foot ; she 's surround by the mountain of the Sierra nevada . it 's already hot . she see a fence - post . a few yard away , and walk towards it . there 's a emall metal sign that say pacific crest trail ; underneath the sign be a small metal box . she open it and take out the notebook and pen inside . this be the trail register . she write in the book . what she have write appear on the screen in she handwrite : ( continued ) 13 14 15 16 wid Blue ( 09/30/2012 ) 12 . continued : 13 '' tf you nerve deny you - go above you nerve - emily dickinson ( and cheryl straye ) '' she begin to walk . she 's happy , confident , excited . card on screen : day 1 ext . pacific crest trail ~ day cr Close on Cheryl 's face . she 's sweat and breathe hard . the confidence and excitement be fade out . the breathe form only one part of a complicated rhythm track which involve she footstep , the creak of the pack and the sloshing of the water container . she grimace with pain and attempt to adjust she pack . she 's try not to collapse under its weight ... as we see the fence - post with the trail register maybe a hundred yard behind she . ext . trail ~ day 1s later . the same sort of terrain - a rocky , occasionally steep trail , scrubby , dry bush . the fence - post be still visible , only a little further away . sweat be sting she eye and blur she vision . the pack be agony . cheryl ( v.0 . ) what the fuck have I do ? what the fuck ? what we hear be Cheryl 's mix - tape radio . it 's the sound of she head , a jumble of oath and song and poem and advert and , occasionally , cogent think , and we have access to it ' throughout the movie . cheryl ( v.0 . ) what ... the ... fuck ... what ... the ... fuck ... what ... the ... fuck this cri de coeur become another instrument to add to the cacophony of she walk rhythm . ext . trail — day 16 Cheryl stop walk , out of breath , and turn around . we can still see the fence - post - only just , but it 's there . she shake she head , turn again and keep walk . cheryl ( v.0 . ) you can quit any time ... you can quit any ' time ... you can quit any time ... al6 uy 18 weed pink ( 10/08/13 ) 13. ext . trail - day ais Cheryl stop again , even more out of breath , she face red . she make a effort to take she backpack off but stop . too painful . she rest she pack against a large rock , unbuckle it and reach over to a sage bush . she pick a handful of the leave , rub they between she palm , and put she face in they , inhale deeply . she look at the blue sky , breathes in , bring she self up , and keep on walk . omitted ww ext . trail ~ day 18 Cheryl put she backpack down and rest on all four , exhaust and shake . she rummages around in she pack and pull out a chair , she tent , the stove and a couple of book - she guide and she copy of adrienne Rich 's dream of a common Language . we watch as Cheryl struggle to erect or even understand she tent , even though it 's nowhere near sunset . later . finally , the tent be up , she camp seat be position at the entrance . Cheryl be on she knee , examine the stove . she sigh at the effort involved in lighting it , and pull from she pack some tuna jerky and a small packet . of nut , she sit wearily down on the seat and look at she pack that stand against a joshua tree . it 's enormous . she look around , shake she head , and begin to write in a small book . cheryl ( v.0 . ) I think of you today . I feel a burst of energy , remenber why I think I could hike this trail . hope you will not be mad at I ... ( a beat ) w+ df T quit . Cheryl put she diary down , take adrienne Rich 's book and begin to read the poetry aloud to herself . cheryl today a backhoe divulge out of a crumble flank of earth / one bottle amber perfect a hundred - year- old / cure for fever or melancholy ... she stop to cram some tuna jerky into she mouth . cheryl ( cont ’d ) '' + + a tonic / for live on this earth in the winter of this climate / today I be read about Marie curie . . '' ( continued ) 18 19 20 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 14 . continued : 18 close on the poem in the book . we can see that it 's call ' power 's . her voice fade out . the voice of a older woman fade in to complete the poem . lecturer ( v.0 . ) '' .... she die a famous woman deny she wound / deny / she wound come from the same source as she power . '' int . classroom o. college ~ day 19 the book be now on a desk in a classroom . a young Cheryl , surround by fellow student , be look at it . tt 's be read out loud by a lecturer -' wild grey hair , alternative , a old - school feminist . lecturer what I have like you to think about for next week — and to make myself plain , " think about '' actually mean write , in essay form , chuckle and groan from the student . lecturer ( cont ‘d ) 's ++ ts , where do this poem come from ? simple as that . so all you need to dé be go away and find out about adrienne Rich 's life , and the hietory of american , poetry , and you be all set . more chuckle and groan . lecturer ( cont 'd ) thank you . Cheryl stand up , put she book in she book bag . ext . corridor ~ college - day 20 a bustle of student and teacher between class . Cheryl almost bump into a woman go the other direction . they carry on walk . Cheryl think about it , then spin around . cheryl ( hiss ) bobbi ! ' the woman stop and turn . it 's cheryi 's mother . she look pathetically gratefui for a moment , then try to act cool . cheryl ( cont ’d ) how 's it go ? ( continued ) 20 a wied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 1s . continued : 20 bobbi yeah . good . I think . hard , but .. she shrug and smile excitedly . int . bobbi 's house - night a bobbi and Cheryl be sit at the kitchen table , study . Cheryl be write she essay about adrienne Rich ; bobbi be try to write about erica jong 's ' fear of Flying 's . cheryl I be sorry I ignore you today . bobbi it 's ok , hon . we agree . it 's a difficult thing , go to school with you mother . cheryl it do not mean I be not proud of you , because I be . really proud . Cheryl 's mother 's face light up . bobbi you know what ? I be pretty proud of not , too , I know there be a lot out there . I just never know it be this much . , she pick up the erica jong book . bobbi ( cont ’d ) tell I about ziplese fuck . as I understand it , the zipless fuck be like the no string - attach , guilt - free one - night stand ... cheryl Mom ! I will not talk to you about zipless fuck ! bobbi be they more real now than they be ? mine have all come cover in zip . Zip everywhere . Cheryl 's young brother leif and he friend wayne enter . leif be blonde , Wayne a black -haire Native american . they be both eighteen , long-haire , stone , maybe trouble . leif what 's for dinner , Mom ? I be starve . ( continued ) 24 wip pink ( 10/09/13 ) 1s . continued : bobbi and Cheryl look at each other and laugh . they have forget . cheryl book and essay . bobbi I / l ] fix you something . be Wayne stay ? cheryl , let he do it . he 's eighteen . you can not afford the time . bobbi tf I can not be a mother then I can not be a student either . she stand up and begin to bustle around the kitchen . cheryl that 's ridiculous . lele . if ehe want to maké I dinner , then let she . cheryl ( gesture at the book ) so this be all waste on you . you be learn nothing . bobbi you think that 's what it 's all about ? ditch one thing for another ? not to I it be not , sweetheart . I have to do everything , and I want to do everything . and I hope you do , too . ( to the boy ) pasta ? Cheryl look at she , abash . leif walk to bobbi and kiss she . Wayne sit at the dining table and look at Cheryl 's book . Cheryl be amused but seem to enjoy the flirt notice Wayne 's necklace . cheryl , Nice . leif be not it cool ? tt 's a eagle . the ojibwe believe that it represent ... something . 2a ( continued ) 21 22 23 24 25 ied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) a7 . continued : ( 2 ) 2. he and Wayne collapse into stone giggle . Cheryl roll she eye . ext . tratl ~ day 22 Cheryl back in she tent , eye close , still chew on tuna jerky , try to teach herself the poem . cheryl , deny she wound come from she power . '' a quick glance at the book . cheryl ( cont 'd ) '' deny she wound come from the same source as she power . '' Close on Cheryl 's face . we do not know what 's go on with this poem and this memory , but they cause she pain . int . tent - dusk 23 Cheryl read in she tent with she head - lamp . she put the book down , turn the light off , lie in the dark . there be noise everywhere ~ animal in ' the distance , breeze in the scrub , thunder a long way away . she put the light on again . she 's scared . her head turn towards the noise on either side of she . she turn the lamp off again . black 24 we hear the sound that Cheryl be hearing , but louder . we start to see some grain in the darkness as we become use to it . there 's a movement - the silhouette of a wild animal in the foreground . suddenly a light appear in the distance : Cheryl 's tent , a tiny bright dot in a inhospitable landscape . the animal freeze . it 's a Jack rabbit , a long way away . ext . tratl - day 25 card on screen - day 2 ' the next morning . Cheryl be on she hand and knee in front of she camp stove , and she 's re-read the instruction . beside she be the dehydrated meal she intend to cook . cheryl ( v.0 . ) '' please ensure that you use only the white gas compatible with this stove . other fuel ... her voice get louder in she rage and panic ( continued ) 25 26 27 wied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) be . continued : 25 cheryl ( v.0 . ) ++ . may harm the equipment and render it inoperable . shit shit shit . she kick the useless canister of fuel . close on a inedible - lock mess of lumpy oat and undissolved powder . Cheryl add a little more water , stir it around , wearily spoon it into she mouth . cheryl ( v.0 . ) two all beef - patty special sauce lettuce cheese pickle onion on a sesame seed bun . two all beef-patty special sauce ... ext . tratl - day 26 card on screen - day 3 the usual walk rhythm - slosh , creak , thump . there be something else that 's make she uncomfortable , however , on top of the pain in she shoulder and hip and foot . she 's in a cold sweat . she stop , take off she pack , rummages inside and pull out a small trowel and some toilet paper . she walke off the trail a few yard , squat down and try to dig in the dirt with the trowel . nothing do - she can not penetrate the dry , rocky surface . she 's get desperate - she start try to use the trowel as a pickaxe . still nothing . she hurl the trowel down on the ground in disgust , fumble with she trousers , take they off , kick they well away and squat . her face register relief . afterwards she collect stone and place they on and around she own excrement later . Cheryl clear she throat and start talk to herself . cheryl '' so , Cheryl ... what do you do for fun ? when you be not hike ? '' '' oh , I like to sit on a real toilet , with a'seat and a flush . and I like to cook . like , food . I like to cook food and eat it . I love music . song . I love the sound of the human voice . I like listen to people . that 's a hobby of mine I have not even notice until I start walk on my own through the fuck desert . '' ext . tent - evening 27 card on screen - day 5 ( continued ) 27 28 29 30 wip Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 19 . continued : 27 Cheryl in she tent , read faulkner by head lamp and spoon cold mush 's into she mouth again as she starte hum a refrain that ring a bell . ext . tent ~ day 28 card on screen - day 7 a different location . Cheryl change it up a little , and eat the tuna jerky with a handful of nut . it do not look any more appetizing . cheryl ( v.0 . ) ( sing ) you like potato , I like potato ... ext . trail ~ day 29 card on screen ~ day 8 cheryl ( v.0 . ) you like toma to , I like tomato ... it 's even hotter , if anything , and Cheryl be scarcely recognizable as the woman we see talk to Paul in the hotel room . she 's a different colour fron the sun and the dirt and the blood , and she 's already thin , she 's sit on the side of the trail , boot off , pull all the available cold food she have , the nut and the power bar and the jerky , and lay it out in a line . there be not much of it . she unwrap a power bar , swallow it in two bite , chase it down with some warm water . she 's still starve . she unwrap another one . it make no difference . cheryl ok . we need to feed you , kid . further along the same stretch , Cheryl be stand by a dirt track lead off the trail . she have a compass in one hand and a map in the other . she start to walk up the dirt track . ext . track - day 30 Cheryl walk through a completely uninhabited landscape . cheryl '' potato , potato , tomato , tomato ... shut the fuck whole thing off '' ! she hum the melody line from '' let 's call the Whole thing off " out loud , try to turn it into something else that do not remind she of she hunger . ( continued ) 30 31 32 33 wimp Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 20 . continued : 30 she take the staccato rhythm of the song and turn it into the melody line from '' El condor paea '' . cheryl ( cont 'd ) '' yes I would , if I could , I surely would ... I have 'rather eat a sparrow than a snail '' ext , track ~ dusk zn dusk , and the landscape have not change much - there 's still no sign of lite , the energy have go from Cheryl 's sing , and '' let 's call 's the whole thing off '' have win the battle of the song . cheryl ( v.0 . ) '' pota t0 , potato , tomalo , tomato '' ... please , make it 's stop . ( sing out loud ) I hate this cong . Cheryl round a bend and see , off in the distance , a pick - up truck park on a road , and behind it in a field , the light of a tractor suddenly appear . she rune towards they . omitted 32 ext . road - dusk 33 Cheryl , etanding in the tractor 's path , wave at the driver . he stop the tractor . this be frank , a very large white man , wear a cowboy hat . he be clearly 's nonpluseed by the appearance of this beat - up , filthy woman . cheryl hello . hi. I be Cheryl , and I be walk the pct , and I have run out of food , and I just need to get somewhere so that I can buy 4 hot meal . and you be the first person I have talk to in eight day who be not I . frank I be work . cheryl I understand . but maybe when you have finish you can give I a ride somewhere ? Frank looka at he watch . {continued } 33 34 aad wmy Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) a1 . continued : 33 frank do not know what you be go to find ound here that 's open at this time in the evening . cheryl even if you just leave I outside a place that will be open for breakfast in the morning -.. I could just sleep nearby . Frank look at she . frank you must be pretty hungry . - cheryd . thad all this dehydrated meal , but I can not heat they up because I bring the wrong fuel , and ... yeah , I be kind of desperate . frank I get another thirty minute or s0 to do here . you can ait in my truck . he gesture to the pick - up park on the road . Cheryl watch he leave . int . pick - up truck - dusk 34 Cheryl watch Frank drive up and down in a field in the distance . she sniff the air in the truck , and then sniff she clothes and she armpit ~ what she can smell be herself . she wind the window down . when she know Frank can not see , she open the glover compartment and find a silver whiskey flask ; she screw it open , take a sip . she reach under the driver 's seat and find a black case . Inside : a gun . layer — night arg Frank get into the truck . frank I have be think . you can come home with I , dinner and a shower . Cheryl be alarmed , but be try to stay calm . frank ( cont ‘d ) what kind of woman be you , anyway ? cheryl what kind ? ( conttnued ) wed Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 22 . 34 continued : aad frank I mean .. , be you like Jane ? cberyl vane ? frank tarzan 's Jane ? she laugh , try to give the impression of be at ease . frank ( cont ’d ) I have get a little something for we . he lean across Cheryl , open the glove compartment , take out the flask and hand it to she . frank ( cont ‘d ) lady first . Cheryl take a sip from the flask . frank ( cont 'd ) I be go to call you Jane . he start to drive . cheryl I be not out here on my own , actually . my husband Paul be a little further ahead on the trail . but we be meeting up soon . at Kennedy meadow , probably . Frank take the flask from she , take a long sip . frank there 's something else I like to do when I finish work . he look at Cheryl . he 's impossible to read . as he 's drive with one hand on the wheel , Frank réaches beneath he seat , where the gun be . Cheryl grip the door handle , prepare to open it and jump out . Frank come up with a cléar bag , pull out a thick lasso of red licorice , hold it out to Cheryl . frank ( cont 'd ) you want some , miss Jane ? Cheryl take it , gratefully , and cram it into she mouth . frank ( cont ’d ) my wife hate it that I eat candy before dinner . ( continued ) 35 35 wznd Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) aaa he peel off a chunk of licorice , put it in he mouth , and Cheryl settles back into she seat . later a385 through the windshield , we bre approach a house in the middle of nowhere . literally . nothing to reassure Cheryl . int . frank 's house - night 35 Frank and he wife live in a emall , spotlessly clean , three - room house . the tv be blaring away - more news of the oj trial , in front of two empty chair that clearly belong to heavy people . Frank 's wife annette , a large woman , appear from the kitchen and place large quantity of food , rib , green and corn on the table . Cheryl can not take she eye off it . she move towards a chair so that she can dig in . annette hold on , sweetheart . no offence , but she pick up the newspaper from the table , remove a couple of page , put they over Cheryl 's chair . Cheryl look mortify . later . Frank and he wife have finish eat , but Cheryl be still go . her plate be full of rib bone . frank you meet you husband at college ? she remember what she tell he in the truck . cheryl , oh. Paul . yeah . frank he must be even crazier than you . one thing go on a hike like that when you be a man , another thing let you wife do it . annetie not everyone in the world think like you , Frank . frank no , and it 's why the world be all mess up : cheryl , Paul and I kind of do we own thing . ( continued ) 35 36 37 wild pink ( 10/09/13 ) 24 . continued : 35 it 's say lightly , but the lightness have be hard win , int . shower - night 36 Cheryl in the shower . at she raw , blister , bruise foot , the water be run almost black . the hot water on she body be as intense a experience as the food be ... until she touch she tattoo . int . tattoo parlour ~ day 37 Close on the blue horse be create by a tattocist - except as the camera pull back , it 's clear that the shoulder provide the canvas belong to 2 man - Paul . Cheryl be watch . she 's revolve she shoulder gently . the tattooist be a woman , tattoo everywhere : neck , arm , hand . Paul wince . tattooist so what do this horse mean to you guy ? paul well , we both really dig horse . cheryl we be actually get divorced . this afternoon . so we want something that , I do not know . bound we together forever . she 's emotional , although the tattooist do not notice . tattooist it hae not occur to you that it might be less painful to stay marry ? Cheaper , too . Paul smile , and ees a opportunity to get the conversation off they relationship . paul well , at least we probably will not regret it , couple do not necessarily stay marry , but they tend to stay divorced . the tattooist smile . paul ( cont ’d ) you get a lot of people ask about remove tattoo ... ( continued ) 37 abt wrep pink ( 10/09/13 ) 25 . continued : 37 cheryl I cheat on he . tattootst tt happen . ( to Paul ) she seem sorry , cheryl , I be sorry . paul hey . Cheryl . would you ... tattooist come on , man . wipe the slate clean . paul it 's quite a big slate . cheryl , I cheat on he many time , and I do not know if I can stop . and I hate hurt he . he deserve so much better . the tattooist carry on with the job in silence . int , paul and cheryl 's apartment - day a Close on a hand make book on which it 's write the Day the daisy bloom . next to it , a dictionary . that be Cheryl 's Pov as she sit on the sofa read something that make she smile and look at Paul who be gather all the legal papers spread on the table . paul anyone who give they marriage vow a title like that be by definition too young to get marry . Cheryl go back to she read ... and stop , choke by a emotion . Paul notice and look at she with compassion . cheryl navoid Paul 's look ) I hope you can do that someday with someone else paul I hope you can too . 38 39 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 26 . ext . CITY STREET - day 3a Paul and Cheryl be hurry along the street , arm -in - arm . they reach they destination , a downtown office building , and Paul open the door . Cheryl stop he from go inside . cheryl we be sure ? Paul roll he eye affectionately . cheryl ( cont ’d ) I mean , I know we be not sure sure , because we have be go back and forth for month . but right now ? today ? Paul sigh helplessly . paul yep. today . now . int . office - day 39 the notary public , val , be very small , mid-thirty , with cropped hair , dyed bright blonde apart from a streak of pink . she have tattoo too . she 's a punk notary . she 's examine the divorce papers while Paul and Cheryl watch . we can see that they be hold hand . val be that right ? ' stry - ed 's ? cheryl it 's just ' strayed 's . like a stray dog . she look at Paul . he smile . no comment . cheryl ( cont 'd ) I need a new name and T see that word in a book and ... you know all the meaning ? I look it up . '' to wander from the proper path , to be lose , to be without a mother and a father , to become wild '' . val be not interested . val ok . this all look fine . cherye I just want to say that this be not a regular divorce . ( more ) {continued ) 39 40 wied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) ar. continued : 39 cheryl ( cont 'd ) this ig not for lack of love , just so you know . T love he and he love ine . Val nod , but she do not want to know about this . she may have dyed blonde hair and tattoo , but she 's a notary , not a therapist . she press she notary public stamp againet some page . cheryl ( cont 'd ) this be all I . he do not do anything , I be the one . I break my own heart . Paul let go of Cheryl 's hand . Cheryl 's eye fill with tear . paul Cheryl , please . she stop talk . val decide to study the papers one last time as a way of avoid eye-contact . she put they in a envelope and thrust they across the table towards Cheryl . val you be all set . you have to mail they yourselves . good luck . Cheryl will not take they . Paul do . ext , STREET - day 40 Paul and Cheryl stand by a mailbox . Paul be hold the envelope that Val give he . without say anything , he post the envelope through the slot . it seem brutal , give the atmosphere of indecision and love . paul what be we do ? cheryl say goodbye . Paul nod . he know . cheryl ( cont ’d ) will you come back for a drink ? he kiss she on the cheek and walk away . paul Goodbye . ( continued ) 40 41 42 43 wild pink ( 10/09/13 ) 28 . continued : cheryl bye . paul Cheryl stray . crumpled against the mail - box , she watch he go , as it start to snow . int . shower ~ niget Cheryl , finish she shower - just let the water wash over she , still . she finish the shower and get out . she start to dry herself , wince . she look at herself in the 40 al bathroom mirror , put she arm out straight on either side of she . there be wound everywhere : she tailbone and she hip and she shoulder have all be rubbed raw by she pack . she shake she head . she look like she 's pay for somebody 's sin . ext . STREET - day card on screen - day 9 Cheryl emerge from a store carry the gas she need for lighting she stove . Frank be sit in he pick - up truck wait for she . she climb into the cab . int . pick - up truck - day Frank pull away . frank you get what you need ? cheryl yep . I do not have to eat cold mush any more . I can eat hot mush . frank there 's no husband , be there ? Cheryl , embarrassed , make a '' bust '' face . cheryl , no . I mean , there be . we get divorced two month ago . and he 's not on the pct . I lie because I be scared of you . frank I know that . you ever think about quit ? 42 43 ( continued ) 43 44 45 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 29 . continued : 43 cheryl only about once every two minute or so . every part of I hurt , all the time . you think T should quit ? frank oh , sure . Cheryl laugh - at he frankness and he lack of encouragement . frank ( cont ’d ) but do not listen to I . I have quit a bunch of thing . Jobs . a marriage . I have have quit you hike pretty much on the first day . cheryl , and do you regret any of they ? Frank think . frank I never have the choice . I just could not do they . be not never a time when it feel like there be a fork in the road . Cheryl think about this . cheryl , yeah , that 's about the size of it . ext . tratl - day 44 Cheryl rejoin the trail . it 's a rocky , hot , steep section , with mountain everywhere , near and far . Cheryl sign the trail register . handwrite on the screen : '' pear be the wilderland , stepping stone or sinking sand 's ( joni mitchell , - and cheryl straye ) 's ext , trail - night 45 Cheryl by she tent , already dirty and bloody again . there be coyote howling away somewhere in the distance , and she 's a little spook . she 's try to get she stove work with the new fuel , and suddenly it flare into life . cheryl , yes ! ( continued ) 45 46 ad weld Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 30 , ' continued : 45 later . she 's contentedly spoon bean and rice into she mouth - a small triumph . she 's sufficiently cheer to attempt a impersonation of the coyote . cheryl , ( cont 'd ) yip ! yip ! 46 card on screen - day 11 the old , familiar , nightmarish rhythm : the sloshing of the bag , the creak of the pack , the pound of the foot . the trail be steep at this point . she 's so focus on she rhythm that she fail to hear a new inetrument in the mix . as well as the creak and the plod and the slosh there 's a rattle . she ignore it for a few second , then realize what it be and stop dead . at she foot there be a huge rattlesnake . she scramble backwards and stand stock -still , stare at it . she 's petrify . her breathe be heavy and fast — she try to slow it , and regain self - control . caeryl listen ... I just want to scoot right by you there . she make a alither gesture with she hand . cheryl ( cont ’d ) ok ? I will get on ' with my day , you get on with yours ... the snake stay put . she get ready to move , then change she mind . cut to later : Cheryl and the rattlesnake be in identical position . and later : Cheryl be a little further back , sip water from a bottle . and later : Cheryl prepare to move again . thais time she move . she take as wide a berth as she can , and then run as fast as she can , give the weight of the pack , with the gccasional glance back . int , tent - dusk aa6 Cheryl slide into she sleep bag , exhaust . she freeze when she hear something . sound like footstep . ( continued ) aa6 b46 46 dae b46 47 wind pink ( 10/08/13 ) a 1 . continued : at cheryl ( v.0 . ) fear create fear . do not allow yourself to be afraid . you can not be afraid . power create power . I be strong . I be not afraid , nature be my friend , not my enemy ... she do not finish she sentence that she jump out of she sleep bag , and out of the tent ... ext . tent - dusk b46 s+. where she turn she flashlight on . she take she sleep bag out of the tent and drop it on the ground . nothing move . she hold it upside down , shake it , and when something fall out of it , she blow as hard as she can in he loudest whistle in the World ... ext . wilderness ~ dusk cae s+. alarming creature of the surround wilderness . ext . tent - dusk pas one of the creature do not seem too worried : a caterpillar move slowly next to Cheryl 's sleep bag on the ground . she watch it , dumbfounded , and put she hand on she car , annoyed by the loud ringing that buzze in she head ... int . paul 's car - day eas 's +. and keep buzzing as we see Cheryl on the passenger seat , finger in she ear , refuse to listen to Paul as he 's drive across a bridge , scream at she . but we can not hear he , all we hear be the ringing ... ext . trail - day '' card on screen ~ day 15 ss . that soon transform into the sound of loud cicadas . it 's hotter than it 's ever be ; everything , the tree and the sky , seem bleach by the sun . cheryl ( v.0 . ) be you burn and yearn ? / do you ever get blue ? do you think of return ? / how 's the world treat you ? ( continued ) 47 48 wed Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 32 . continued : 7 Cheryl stop in she track behind a tree . in the distance there be a river , and a man sit in it , bathing . Cheryl wonder if she should show herself . the man be totally naked . she seem to enjoy the view ... until he spot she . the man oh . hi , Cheryl stray ? this be greg . he 's simultaneously pleased to see she and a little embarrassed . so be Cheryl . cheryl , do T know you ? greg I see you name in the trail register . you be the only woman in there . I be greg . I think I be behind you . cheryl I come off the trail for a night . my stove be not work . greg well , I be very pleased to meet you . sorry , I be not expect visitor . give I a moment . he waite for she to turn she back to get out of the water . she finally get it . later 48 greg - in he hike T-shirt and short - and Cheryl sit in the shade , drink water . cheryl , so ... how many mile a day be you do ? greg I be average twenty - two at the moment . cheryl ( with disbelief ) you will be at Kennedy meadow tomorrow ? greg hope so . cheryl , ( ying ) I be only manage , you know ... eleven or twelve . ( continued ) 48 continued : weed Blue ( 08/30/2013 ) 33 . 48 greg the first couple of week be hard . you do all that preparation and training and nothing prepare you for the pain and the heat . cheryl , yeah . so what kind of preparation do you do ? greg oh , you know . weekend hike , a few lecture ... I hear Ray jardine speak a couple time . Close on Cheryl 's face . she 's try to look as though she 's do all this , while at the same time keep the panic out of she fac she doesn 's es cheryl , wow . % know who the hell Ray jardine be . greg I start plan a few year ago . I can hardly believe I be here now . cheryl , I neither . greg we pick the wrong year , though . be you bypass the Sierra ? cherye ( laugh ) sure . i’1l bypass anything . should 1 ? greg it 's completely sock in . the biggest snowfall for a decade or go . nobody 's get through that . how about we make a plan up in Kennedy meadow ? I be stay there for a few day to rest up . cheryd thanks . yes . let 's make a plan . that would be good for I . wied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) a . 49 int . mexican restaurant - day 49 Cheryl be eat lunch with she friend aimee in a window seat . outside : a typical minneapolis winter with lot of snow . Cheryl be distract , not really engage with aimee 's question or she concern , cheryl it 's not like I be some junkie . I be in control . aimee yeah , everybody be with drug . cheryl I be a experimentalist . the girl who like to say yes . it 's all fine . relax . aimee shake she head . she do not think so . Cheryl take a chip , dip it in the salsa and take a bite . something feel weird . she touch she throat . her hand slowly slide to she belly , as if she be follow the chip down . cheryl ( cont 'd ) I think I be pregnant . aimee what ? Cheryl make a face . rimee ( cont 'd ) you be serious ? yes . rimbe ( cont ’d ) who 's the father ? cheryi . I do not know . T have a idea , but .. aimee a idea ? be you fuck kid I ? what be you do to yourself ? 50 ext . parking lot - day 50 Cheryl 's truck in a outdoor parking lot , completely snow in , aimee and Cheryl stare at it . ( continued ) 50 81 bsl 52 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 38 . continued : 50 aimee ok , we need a pregnancy test kit and a shovel . int . outdoor store - day 51 Cheryl and aimee be wait to pay for a shovel at the till . the store sell all kind of equipment for outdoor activity . Cheryl get distract by a display of book . she pick one up , flick through it and read a page , not pay attention to aimee . aimee you be do it in front of I . and if you be pregnant , we be go to pay a visit to you '' idea '' and we be go to make a plan . it 's they turn to pay . Cheryl put the book back in its place . tke pacific crest trail , volume one , with the photograph of a spectacular landscape on its cover : a lake surround by rocky mountain and biue sky . int , lady 's toilet - drug store asi there be two stalle , only one be occupy . by Cheryl . but we only see she boot and winter jacket on the floor , as we hear she pee . it stop . this be aimee 's Pov as she stand in the toilet , wait for she friend to come out . int . alley - drug store bsl we be on a alley full of drug and medication , it look endless . suddenly there be a little girl , see from behind , that walk in , and away from we , with a small bottle in she hand . that be Little Cheryl - 7 . she 's hold back tear . ext . parking lot - day 52 Cheryl be shovel the enow away from she car under the surveillance of aimee who look at she with red and teary eye . aimee would like to take over but Cheryl refuse and keep on shoveling , she mind spin , and we can hear it . tt sound like a engine blend with the repetitive noise of wiper go up and down a windshield . later : Cheryl keep on shovel with the same determination . aimee be now cry . Cheryl suddenly stop shovel , breathless . there be something different in she eye . and we see what she see : ( continued ) 52 as2 53 54 wuup Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 36 . continued : 52 ‘hat photograph of the lake again , surround by giant mountain , and as we get closer and closer to it , we see little Cheryl - 7 , among the nature . back on Cheryl who turn to look at aimee , it start to snow again . in slow motion . the scene look and sound surreal , until she voice bring we back to reality . cheryl ( v.0 . ) there be no plan to make . I have to have a abortion . int , cheryl 's car ~ parking lot - day as2 Cheryl be seat behind the steering wheel look at the wiper , wiping the snow flake off the windshield . in the distance , minneapolis , blurred , cold , out of touch . suddenly in focus , a ring on chezyl 's hand hold the wheel . cheryt . I be throw my life away ! I become a piece of shit . my mother give I so much more than this stupid ring . I be strong , and responsible , and clear-ey . 1 want thing . I be good . what the fuck be I do , aimee ? I have to change . I need to go back to that store . aimee do not get it . int , outdoor store - day 53 Cheryl 's hand snatch the pacific crest trail book from the shelf she leave it in . she take it to the clerk in the store , walk with determination . cheryl ( v.0 . ) I be go to walk myself back to the person my mother think I be . the clerk take the book and meet Cheryl 's look . clerk yeah ! Cheryl leave the store . she nearly walk straight into a woman wear a papoose contain a baby . Cheryl 's look meet the baby 's . ext . trail - Day 54 Cheryl walk on the trail . sweating . she do not have the determination she have in the store . she stop to rest . ( continued ) 54 wild pink ( 10/09/13 ) 37 . continued : 34 cheryl I / ll see you in Kennedy meadow . her Pov : further ahead , greg stop and turn . his pack be about half the size of Cheryl 's . and he have a trekk pole , which he use with a kind of nerdy enthusiasm . res pretty big pack you have get there . Ray jardine would have a thing or two to say about that . cheryl T /1l bet . and T really wish I know who Ray jardine be . greg he write the book on backpack ! ' cheryl ( embarrassed ) oh , well , I do not read it . greg laugh . greg you be do fine , Cheryl . you be green , but you be tough . and tough be what count out here . most people could not do what you be do . Cheryl beam . cheryl , ' thanks . greg start to walk ahead . cheryl ( cont ’d ) hey , greg. he stop and turn around . cheryl , ( cont ’d ) what do you think about ? greg ha ! a lot of stuff I would forget . and a lot of stuff I do not want to remember . cheryl , it 's not the hike that will kill I . it 's the think . ( continued ) wild pink ( 10/09/13 ) 37b . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 greg I hear ya ! he wave and walk on . Close on Cheryl . she mean what she have just say in way greg would never be able to guess . 55 56 87 58 wreed Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 38 . ext . trail — day 55 later . a rockfall hae slowed Cheryl 's progress . she can not go ound it : there 's a sheer rock face on one side , a steep drop into scrub on the other . she have to clamber over it . she choose the easiest point and attempt to climb , but the pack make it impossible for she . she remove the pack , and with great effort manage to place it on the rock in such a way that she have a shot at retrieve it from the other side . she climb over the rock and turn around to begin the task of lift the pack over to she side . she climb back over the other side , put the pack back on , and start to wobble back over the rock . when she have do it she allow : herself the ' luxury 's of squatting on all four . there 's a little grin of triumph . ext . trail - day 36 card on screen - day 19 the terrain be change now , as Cheryl climb higher . towards the sierras . it 's greener , the tree be taller , there be flower . cheryl ( v.0 . ) '' maybe you other girliriend / could not pass the test / well if you be rough and ready for love ... '' she sing out loud . cheryl , '' honey I be tougher than the rest . '' ext . kennedy meadow - day 37 off in the distance , Cheryl can see the lodge of xennedy meadow . Bruce springsteen take over in she head and the world - weary ballad of survival have never sound so ' triumphant . ext . kennedy meadow ~ day sa Kennedy meadow be a pleasant , welcoming campsite , with a cafe / restaurant , and a general store . there 's a big banner say welcome to kennedy meadow , hang from one of the lodge , and Cheryl trudge wearily towards it . a group of half - a- dozen man be drink beer at a trestle table nearby , and when they see Cheryl , they cheer . Cheryl smile , head over to they . greg be among they . ( continued ) 58 59 i wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 33 . continued : 58 greg you make it ! ok , guy . this be Cheryl . and monster . cheryl , ( embarrassed ) my pack ? oh , man . eux i ok , T can see monster . but I can not see Cheryl . laughter . greg stand up . creg ~ what can I get you ? cberyt , snapple . I have be dream of snapple . and corn chip . thank you . she produce a ten dollar bill from she short and hand it to he . greg and when you nre do , bd here will cook you dinner at the camp site . Ed , a older man , stout and bearded , beam at she amiably chéryl look bewilder by the kindness of stranger . close - up of four bottle of snapple line up on the table . we see Cheryl 's face , distort and coloured by the drink but still clearly full of long , through the glass . cheryl , oh my God . she pick one of the bottle up and drain it , while the man cheer as if this be some kind of keg party . in any other context , you would worry for she ~ a young blonde woman , a group of man drink beer . but it 's snapple , and it 's Kennedy meadow , and this people be hiker , and it 's all benign . Cheryl drain the second bottle , too . int . general store - day 59 Cheryl ie stand at the counter of the general store . a pleasant , middle - age lady come to serve she . cheryl , I have a package to pick up ? ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 wrnp Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 40 . continued : 59 store assistant you must be Cheryl . ( off Cheryl 's lock of surprise ) there 's only one package for a woman back there . and you have a couple letter , too . she scuttle off . ext . general store ~ day 60 Cheryl be sit on the stoop , she face bury in a fresh T - shirt that have obviously come from the open box beside she . she put it down , fish around inside the box and pull out a twenty - dollar bill . she put that in she pocket , and open the letter that she 's receive at the same time . paul ( v.0 . ) sweetheart ... Cheryl react to the salutation - it 's a little stab . paul ( v.0 . ) if you be read this , then you have walk a hundred mile 's through the mojave Desert . a hundred mile ! whatever else have happen between we , however angry we be or be with each other , I be so proud of you , and in awe of you . or I will be , once you have do it , which you have not yet . ae I write , you have only just leave . so actually , you have do almost nothing at all . like I ! we can still be friend ! cheryl smile . ext . campsite - day a Cheryl be paddle at the edge of the raging , icy - cold south fork kern River . she crouch down , splashes water on she face and hair and under she clothes . Ed , the older man , be shouting and wave behind from the campsite behind she . =d hey Cheryl ! come and get it ! ext . edk trailer - day 62 Ed have a little pop - up trailer with a tarp roof , and a makeshift camp kitchen beneath it , ( continued ) 62 wizd Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) a. continued : 62 Cheryl be sit on a fold - up chair , work she way through a pile of hot dog lurid with mustard and ketchup , she try to eat politely but she can not - she destroy she food . cheryl so ... you be not a hiker ? =d not like you guy . I come here for the summer and hang out with the real hiker . you fascinate I . cheryl ( laugh ) I be not a real hiker . ed you juat walk a hundred mile through the desert heat . cheryl , and it nearly kill I . =d you want some help ? Cheryl poke she bare , bloody , bruise foot in the air . cheryl . do I look like someone who need help ? ed ok , so first of all : you boot be too small . that 's why you be lose toenail . Cheryl laugh . cheryt . you be right . and I only just realize it the second you tell I . I just think I be suppose to hurt that bad . but I have nothing else . and no money . ed do you buy they from REI ? cheryt yes . =d you be lucky , because they be really good . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 63 wind — Blue ( 09/30/2023 ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 62 ed ( cont 'd ) you call they on the pay-phone , you tell they , they will have new boot send to you next stop . cheryl , seriously ? ed and you pack ... 1t 's insane . we need to do some pruning . later 63 Cheryl 's belonging be spread out on a picnic table . Ed be stand on one side of the table , Cheryl on the other . =d so ... I be go to pick out the stuff that 's useless to you , and you can leave it in the free box unless you can give I a good reason why you need it with you . cheryl , ok . Ed pick up a stick of deodorant . =d how 's this work out for you ? Cheryl laugh . cheryl I stink . I stink all the time . and my armpit be the least of it . bd laugh and put the deodorant down , the first item in a pile of discard . Ed pick up a pair of miniature binocular . ed you have much fun with this ? Cheryl sigh at she own stupidity . Ed turn to she miniature see . cheryl | _ yeah , I be not sure that be ever very real , the saw . Ed turne to the book - the adrienne Rich poem , a copy of flannery 0 's connor 's collect story , the Pacific crest Trail volume 1 . ( continued ) wizd Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 43 . 63 continued : 63 =d you be burn what you read ? cheryl you want I to burn book ? =d you will not become a Nazi , I promise you . but you will have a lighter pack . look . he pick up she copy of the Pacific crest Trail volume 1 and find Kennedy meadow . he take a chunk of page between he finger . ed ( cont ’d ) you be do . Ed tear the page out , put they down on he grill , set light to they . we watch they burn . on the screen , we see a craphic image of the part of the trail cheryl have already walk go up in flame . Ed pick up the O'Connor and the adrienne Rich book . cheryl they be never do with . and they will never get burn . Ed shrug . =d ok . it 's you weight . cheryl yup . it 's my weight . 64 later 64 the discard pile have grow mich bigger . we can see a disposable razor , a flash for she camera ... bd pick up a fat roll of condom , and before Cheryl can stop he , he have unravel then ~ he do not know what they be . Cheryl , excruciate , close she eye . =d you need ... the whole roll ? cheryl I can not even remember what I be think of when I pack that . ( continued ) 64 65 66 wred Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) aa. continued : 64 Ed be just as embarrassed as Cheryl . but he want to put they aside and move on ; Cheryl feel a obscure need to explain herself . cheryl ( cont 'd ) who be that woman who think she have need twelve condom on a hike ? sex ! I do not want sex ! and nobody want sex with I ! she gesture at herself . Ed clearly do not disagree ! =d let 's go find the other ? Ed start to walk away . when he back be turn , Cheryl tear one condom from the strip and slip it into she 's pocket . int . lodge - day 65 Cheryl be talk on a pay phone in a corridor . she clearly can not quite believe the ease of she call . cberyl listen , I be sorry if I be be slow here but ... you / 1l just send the boot there ? and I do not have to do anything ? she listen , smile . cheryl ( cont 'd ) thank you so much . you will be my favorite company , forever and ever . she hang up , start to walk away from the phone , come back . she dig out some change and dial a number . leif ( v.0 . ) wi , this be leif . please leave a message after the tone . cheryt hi little brother . it 's I . you do not write ... anyway , I be alive . T have walk a hundred mile now ... T miss you . she 's get nothing else to say . she hang up . ext , campsite - day 66 Cheryl be sit outside she tent . she 's wear the T-shirt she receive in the box , eat a bar of chocolate and she 's look at a book that arrive in the same package : jane michener 's ' the novel '. 67 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 43 . int . car - day 67 close on a copy of the michener book , face down on a car passenger seat . a hand pick the book up and throw it carelessly onto the back seat . the hand belong to the young cheryl , who sit down in the passenger seat . bobe hey ! cheryl , oh , come on , mom. James michener ? gimme a break . you know that 's not a real book . bobbi sigh . bvery mother who have have she taste and intelligence insulted by e smart - mouth daughter will recognize she expression . bobbi ok , so what 's wrong with James michener ? T enjoy he work . cheryl he 's crap , that 's what 's wrong with he . bobbi and which of he book have you read ? she start to drive away ~ it become apparent that they live in the middle of nowhere . cheryl you think I be gonna waste my time on fuck James michener ? I be read flannery 0 / connor and adrienne Rich , and more to the point , so be you now . they do not make any difference to you ? bobbl I watch tv , too . you want I to stop that ? cheryl book be not tv , mom. book be ... book be go to change you life . bobbie yeah , I be hope . cheryl , so let they . ( continued ) weed pink ( 10/09/13 ) a6 . 67 continued : 67 bobbi what can I say ? I love James michener . Cheryl think for a moment . cheryl this must be pretty weird for you . bobbl what ? cheryl see how much more sophisticated I be than you be at my age . her mother do not say anything . she 's clearly stung . chery ? immediately regret she cruelty , but she do not apologize . bobbi well . that be the plan . cheryl what plan ? bobbi I want you to be more sophisticated then I . I just have not figure out that it would hurt sometimes . Cheryl close she eye , annoyed with herself , and then take she mother 's hand . cheryl how do you put up with my crap ? bobbi stroke Cheryl 's green dress . mother I always like it when you wear this . 68 int . restaurant - evening 68 Cheryl be eat in the Kennedy meadow restaurant with the guy she meet earlier in the day . she 's wear a clean - T - shirt and some earring , and she hair be not quite so tangle . the detritus of the meal be visible , and the waitress be leave the check on the table . greg be in the group ; also two nice- look man , in they late forty , tim and dan ; and ed , the '' trail angel '' who cook she lunch . Cheryl be happy , and a little giddy with food and drink and company . dan what about you , Cheryl ? ( continued ) ried pink ( 10/09/13 ) a7 . 68 continued : 6a cheryl oh , you know . I want to test myself . and I have just be through some thing ... tim the usual ? cheryl what 's the usual ? dan he 's here ' cause my wife just dumped I . a awkward silence . dan ( cont ’d ) he decide he have to suffer too . what be old friend for , after all ? Cheryl smile uncertainly but be truly touch . cheryl then I guess the usual , more or less . she do not know what else to say . dan anyway , I be over she . it doeen not hurt anywhere near as much as blister and shin splint . Tom pick up the check . oat we ok to split this ? Fifteen each . Fifteen ? with as much insouciance as she can muster , Cheryl throw she twenty across the table . tim ( cont ’d ) ( to Dan ) wenty for you , lard ass ! you eat twice as much as the lady here . Tom give a ten dollar bill back to Cheryl . 69 omitted 6 70 ext . kennedy meadow - campground picnic table 70 Cheryl the read a map by the light of Ed 's lantern . greg join she . ( continued ) 70 weed pink ( 10/09/13 ) 48 . continued : 10 res you decide what to do about the snow ? cheryl , I have like to push on , if there 's a way . greg Ed tell I a lot of the hiker go up the pct another forty mile , to Trail pass . and that 's where they get force off by the snow . then they catch a bus up to reno and onto truckee . rejoin the trail at a lower elevation . cheryl , I do not come out here to ride bus . oreg you probably do not come here to slide off mountain , either . tf you be worried about cheating yourself , make you hike longer . walk to ashland . ox the Bridge of the god . cheryl ' the Bridge of the god 's . I like the sound of that . re bither way , do not beat yourself up . you strike I 4a someone who 's do plenty of that already . must have be some break -up . cheryl , yeah . ' break - up 's be kind of a shorthand . greg oh. ok . greg 's not the kind of man who would want to delve any deeper . chery . I think be alone would be good for I gre and be it ? Cheryl just smile . together they lock up at the night sky , stare ahd star and star . 7 72 wild Green ( 21/19/2013 ) 48a . int . tent - night n cheryl in she tent , wear she head lamp and read James michener 's 's the novel 's . int . hospital - day 72 Cheryl and her\ mother wait in a hospital corridor . bobbi be wear a green hospital gown . Cheryl take she hand and squeeze it . cheryl there 's nothing to worry about . I know it . a sombre-lock doctor come up to they . doctor bobbi grey ? ( continued ) 72 3 continued : wild Green ( 11/19/2013 ) 4a. 72 bobbi stand up . Cheryl stand with she and try to make ey + contact with the doctor but he will not look at either of they suddenly leif burst into the room . Cheryl shoot he a look . int , doctor' office - day Cheryl be unable to bobbi turn : how long ? in tear . her mother be stare straight ahead , comprehend what she have just be tell . leif she do not even smoke . doctor I be sorry . we job from this point on be to make sure that you be as comfortable as possible . leif what do you mean , comfortable ? cheryl what about try to cure she ? you do not see that as you fuck job ? 's to she . bobbi Cheryl ! watch you mouth . doctor you probably have some question . cheryl mother can I still ride my horse ? doctor ( cont 'd ) ( to bobbi ) we will be give you radiation to reduce the size of some of the tumor along you spine . one jolt and it could crumble . leif how long ? doctor we hope for a year . ( continued ) 3 73 74 75 76 7 18 rnp Green ( 11/29/2013 ) 50 . continued : 73 cheryl , hope ! that 's what '' hope '' mean to you people ? leif stand up quickly and leave the room . int . lady 's toilet ~ hospital 74 chery 1 be sit on the toilet , lean against the wail , weep in silence . we hear someone flush in @ stall further along . bobbi ( 0.8 . ) be you all right , honey ? Cheryl do not answer . she just close she eye . int . bus - night 15 card on screen - day 23 Cheryl ie in a similar position - sit in the bus , she head rest against the window , James michener on she lap she wipe she eye . the light of reno be a blur through the window . ext . STREET of reno - night 16 Cheryl get off the bus . it 's the middle of the night . she lock pale and lose . she walk into a restaurant . int . restaurant - diner section - night rarr Cheryl insert a coin in a pay phone , dial a number . we hear Paul 's answer machine . cheryl hey . it 's I . I be sorry to call so late , but I do not know when I be go to be near a phone again , and I have a bus to catch . I have to bypass a chunk of trail because of the snow , so I be miss one of you letter . I be in reno . if you be here , we could get divorced again . anyway . I be alive . still . and that 's all my news , and the sum total of what I have learn 's on my hike . int . restaurant - bar section - night 78 Cheryl , with monster on she back , walk into the bar section the place be almost empty . there be some slot machine i there . ( continued ) 78 wip Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 51 . continued : 78 there 's a guy play the slot , middle - age , too many clothes , smoking , pump coin into one of the slot machine . Cheryl watch he for a moment . crazy guy ' this four machine be mine . without take he eye off the machine , he gesture on either side of hin . crazy guy ( cont 'd ) they all owe I . you can play they if you want but it 's my money if you win . cheryl , that seen ... fair . Cheryl dig in she pocket and find some change . she choose a machine from the row behind the crazy guy ~ so , not one of he . she put a quarter in ... and win . she smile . crazy guy mother . fucker . Cheryl have two fistful full of quarter . she looke around ~ there 's nowhere to change they . cheryl be there anything I can do with this ? I can not take they with I . crazy guy nobody to change ‘em this time of night . cheryl , I be catch a bus . the crazy guy turn , finally , and eye the fistful of quarter . crazy guy I / 11 give you ten buck for they . cheryl you will give I ten buck for , like , twenty - five ? the crazy guy give she a take - it- or-leave - it shrug . crazy guy and I can throw in a T-shirt . you look like you could use one . ( continued ) 78 79 wreed pink ( 10/09/13 ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 he delve into he carrier bag and bring out 2 lurid Bob marley T-shirt . crazy guy ( cont 'd ) you know who he be ? Cheryl nod . crazy guy ( cont ’d ) this shirt be sacred . tt will offer you protection . cheryl I could do with some , I guess . ext . roadside - morning 19 card on screen - day 25 Cheryl be attempt to hitch a ride on a hot , dusty roadside somewhere in the middle of California . she 's not have any luck . cheryl ( v.0 . ) '' gi . I be Cheryl . I be a unaccompany female hitchhiker . would it be ok if T get into you car so that you can rape and dismember I ? nobody be expect to see I for month , sc I will not be miss . '' Jesus Christ , strayed . what do you think you be do ? why do not you just , you know , hike the twelve mile ? a silver Chrysler lebaron pulle off the road and onto the gravel shoulder . on the back off the car we see a bumper sticker : '' imagine whirled peas '' . a pleasant - look guy , mid - thirty , get out of the car . we will econ kriow he as jimmy carter . Cheryl look at he suspiciously . jimmy carter hi there . cheryl ( warily ) hi. jimmy carter some backpack you have get there . cheryl thanks . ( continued ) 79 wizd pink ( 10/08/13 ) 52a. continued : 73 jimmy carter I can not give you a ride because I have no oom . Cheryl glance over at the car to see if this be true . it be . his car be stuff full of junk , clothes and newspaper and book and all kind of stuff . Jimmy Carter offer he hand . in he other hand he 's hold a notebook and pen . jimmy carter ( cont 'd ) I be Jimmy Carter . no relation . ( continued ) wip Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 53 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 Cheryl shake he hand , but offer no name in return . jimmy carter ( cont ’d ) I interview hobo for the hobo Times . drive all over the USA . and I have to tell you , lady hobo be hard to find . cheryl ok , so first of all , I be not a hobo . and second ... that 's , like , a real thing ? the hobo Times ? oimmy carter it 's real enough to pay my rent and my petrol . so .-. how long have you be out on the road ? he 's poise to take note . cheryl I be not '' on the road '' . I be hike . on the Pacific crest Trail . except I be bypase a chunk of it , because of the snow . jimmy carter so if you be not a hobo , where do you live ? Cheryl think , sigh . cheryl I be between place at the moment . I be think of live in Portland when I be do on the pct . Jimmy Carter make a couple of note . jdm carter this be so fuck cool . I have speak to maybe one female hobo in two year . cheryl , to reiterate : I be not a hobo . and most woman can not walk out . they be tie to the home . they have kid , and parent to look after , and .. jimmy carter , you sound like a feminist . cheryl ( continued ) 73 wred Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 54 . continued : ( 3 ) 73 jimmy carter ' that 's excellent . fantastic . I love feminist . Cheryl roll she eye . Jimmy Carter seem to write for 2 long time , and Cheryl try to see what he 's write . he move he notepad away . jimmy carter ( cont ’d ) so if you be not a hobo , you have a job , right ? Cheryl be lose for word for a moment . cheryl I have have a whole ton of different job . and I be study until a couple of . year ago . timmy carter I hope you do not think this be too personal . but I have notice it 's often personal trauma that force people out of they life and into the hobo lite . cheryl I be still in my real life , ok ? I have just take some time out . there be no hobo life . jimny Carter look at she disbelievingly , and then shrug - he 's not go to argue . he reach through the open window of he car door and pull out a camera . jimmy carter can I get a shot ? he do not wait for permission . we freeze momentarily on Cheryl 's face and gesture - she look like a hobo . jimmy carter ( cont 'd ) tt should be in the fall issue . and a couple of my piece have be in other magazine . harper 's have express a interest in my work . that 's a New York magazine , kind of swanky and ... cheryl I know what harper 's be . I want to write for it one day . and I really do not need to be centerfold bum of the month first ... ( continued ) 79 80 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 55 . continued : ( 4 ) 79 he reach into the car again and hand she a plastic bag . jimmy carter hobo care package . thanks a lot . and he disappear as quickly as he arrive . Cheryl delve into the bag , find a can of beer and a packet of corn chip and shrug . int . car ~ day 80 close on a tattoo on a muscular male forearm : the tattoo depict the top half of a bare - breast woman , she head throw back in either agony or ecstasy . Cheryl be squash into the back of a car with three adult human and a dog , stevie Ray , who have find some space on the floor by Cheryl 's foot . the human be lou , the biker woman drive the car ; dave , she boyfriend , sit in the front of the car with she ; and spider , Dave 's brother . the man be biker - black leather vest , no shirt , bandannas , lot of scary and lurid tattoo - and Lou be a bleach - blonde , weathered biker 's moll . cheryl , what 's the dog 's name ? spider stevie Ray . I get he on the day he die . the other stevie Ray , I mean . cheryl , I love stevie Ray . Dave pop a CD into the boom box that 's propped between he and Lou , and stevie Ray vaughan 's '' Texas flood '' loud blue guitar fille the car . Cheryl grin . she 's be starve of music , and it sound fantastic to she . spider ( to Dave ) put '' Love -struck '' on , ( to Cheryl ) just come on I , the second you get in the car . Lou oh , shut up , spider . Jesus . ( to Cheryl ) : ignore he . he 's nothing but a horny old bastard . ' the woman exchange a smile . ( continued ) ried Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 96 . 80 continued : 80 dave you must be pretty tough , if you be hike thie fuckin’ trail . cheryl I be sit in a car with you right now . that 's not so tough . dave you know that story about the motherfuck ape ? Cheryl , startle , shake she head . dave ( coni ’d ) so this scientist in Paris or wherever the motherfuck it be , he be try to teach ape to draw . and he keep show they art picture , like motherfuck Old Masters and shit , and he give they charcoal pencil , and he 's say , come on , ape motherfucker , draw . and one day , one of they drawe a picture . you know what he draw ? cheryl , no . dave the bar on he own motherfuckin’ cage . can you relate to that , sister ? he turn and execute a complex biker handshake with spider . Cheryl catch Lou 's eye in the rearview mirror . they emile . Cheryl notice a laminate card dangle from the bottom of the mirror . cheryl , cute boy . how old be he ? Lou do not say anything . she just turn the music down . they drive on for a few moment . the mood be suddenly sombre . Lou he be eight . Cheryl understand the use of the past tense instinctively . cheryl , oh. I be so sorry . Cheryl lean forward and pat she shoulder . ( continued ) 80 a wzld ive ( 09/30/2013 ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 80 Lou he get hit by a truck when he be riding he bike . five year ago . dave he be a tough little motherfucker . like he mom . held on for a week . Cheryl do not know what to say , so , helplessly , she repeat herself . cheryl I be really sorry . Lou I know you be , sweetheart . ext . roadside ~ day a 1 Cheryl be pull she pack out of the trunk of the car while Dave , spider and Lou light up cigarettes . the man walk stevie Ray into the tress by the side of the road while Lou watch Cheryl put on monster . Lou you be pretty . cheryl thank you . you too . Lou aw , you be nice , but I know I be not . I be good heart , be what I be . some man like that . you , though , you will always be ok . so long as you slap asshole like spider down when they ask for it . she look at Cheryl 's leg . Lou ( cont 'd ) and so long as you shave you leg sometimes . Cheryl look down at she leg , embarrassed . lou ( cont 'd ) neh , I be just give you shit . 1 think it 's great that you be do this . I wish more woman tell everyone to go and fuck themselves . we have be better off . after my son die ? I be go too . in here . she pat she chest . {continued } 83 82 83 wied yellow ( 10/21/13 ) 58 . continued : al Lou { cont ’d ) I look the same , but I be not the same . his death take the Lou out of Lou , and she be not come back . you know what I mean ? Cheryl look at she steadily . cheryl yes . I know exactly what you mean . Lou I think you would . T have that feel about you . she suddenly lurch forward and hug Cheryl . int . car - day 82 Cheryl and bobbi be drive back from the hospital . this time , Cheryl be drive . there be a stunne , grief -stricken silence . bobbi I be never I . cheryl do not talk about yourself as if it 's over . it 's not over , ok ? we / will find someone who ... bobbl I have always be somebody 's daughter or mother or wife . I never get to be in the driver 's seat of my own life . I think that would come . T think time be infinite . Cheryl do not know what to say . she 's too young , and she 's too blind - sided by the news they have receive , and by the glaring sun that shine through the window . ext . trail - day 83 card on screen - day 28 back to the familiar rhythm - the creak , the slosh , the pound . Cheryl be fitter now , can walk faster . and she 's angry - thie be what think about she mother do to she . but the trail be head quite steeply uphill - it 's hard go , and it hurt . and then , to the rhythm of she boot and she squeaking pack ... ( continued ) 83 84 85 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 58 . continued : 83 cheryl fuck you . fuck you . fuck you . ext . trail - day 84 card on screen - day 30 she reach a plateau and stop to look at the trail that disappear into a landscape of snow in the distance . ' cheryl you have get to be kidding I . she 's still wear short and a T-shirt . cheryl ( cont 'd ) well ... all right . and fuck you . she produce a ski-pole from she pack , pull out she wet weather clothes , put they on and start to walk again . ext . snow landscape - day as Cheryl battle with the snow . there be no trail any more — just white , everywhere around she . a little further on , and she 's stand with a compass on a high ridge , sing to herself to the tune of homeward bound . cherye I be west of the agonic line / my declination 's posit- i-ive , will - o0 - woh / the sun be right behind my back / so true north should be over there / T will not lose this fuck track / or 1’1l end up in .. delaware ... Portland bound / I hope I be ... she walk on , hopefully in the direction of Oregon , when suddenly we be as startle as she ie when something pass behind she at lightning speed . she turn around . her Pov : two skier dangerously go down hill . obviously , pro . they be already very far when Cheryl shout at then . cheryl ( cont 'd ) hey ! hello ! nothing . they do not hear she . she shout again , this time with everything she have , and the now tiny toy-size skier stop , look around , and spot she . cheryl ( cont 'd ) where am I ? ( continued 85 a6 a7 8a Age 89 90 wild Blue ( 02/30/2013 ) 60 . continued : as skier 1 california ! the skier '' high - five '' and laugh . cheryl Fucking hilarious . skier 1 be you lost ? cheryl , no , just screwed . she wave wearily at the skier and move on . omitted a6 int . tend - day a7 Cheryl waking up in she tent . she 's wear she wet weather clothes , and she 's sleep with she food and she water , in a attempt to keep it all from freezing . she open she eye and stare woozily at the whorl of frost on the roof of the tent . she unzip the tent , and we see she Pov of the world outside : snow everywhere . it 's hard to imagine that anyone can sleep in this terrain , let alone hike . card on screen - day 32 bxt . tent - day a Cheryl tend she stove in the snow . she take the pan off the gas , pour some of the boil water into a container , stir it around , begin to eat , without enthusiasm or appetite . she look bleakly around she at the snow when a beautiful fox glide over and sit a few pace away from she , watch she without fear . Cheryl do not know whether to be frighten of he or not . soundless flash : a horse with a coat exactly the same color aad as the fox 's fur . bobat ( v.0 . ) can I see Lady before we go ? omitted 89 omitted 90 a 1 92 93 ied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) el . ext . house - day 31 bobbi be hold on to Cheryl 's arm as they walk towards they car . Cheryl know why she 's ask and hate it . cheryl you can see she when you be back . bobbi stop walk . bobbi please . int . horse stall - Day 92 , Lady , bobbi 's horse , see Cheryl and bobbi approach and trot over to see they . bobbi stroke she nose . bobbie she save my life . I mean , when I leave you father . cheryl I know what you mean . bobbi I be not go to make you promise anything . this be hard enough for you as it be . just do whatever be the kindest thing . mother and daughter stare at each other for a moment . cheryl ( v.0 . ) why be you look at I ? ext . tent - day 93 the fox be still stare at Cheryl . the question be address to he . there be , of course , no answer . Cheryl slowly and carefully go down on she 's knee , and freeze when she get to the fox 's eye level . they stare at each other . cheryl ( v.0 . ) I be not afraid . then , after a long beat ... cheryl Lady ? ( continued } 93 aga b94 co ied pink ( 10/09/13 ) 62 . continued : 93 the fox turn tail and run into the tree . Cheryl run after it . we hear she voice face as we lose sight of she . cheryl ( cont ’d ) mom ! mom ! mom ! int . hospital room - night agg bobbi ie deaperately sick and in pain . she look at a male nurse next to she bed , with desperate eye . bobbi mor ... phine ! please ! Cheryl standa in a corner of the room , helplessly watch she mother . while the nurse look at he wristwatch , Cheryl notice the outline of he penis through he tight nurse 's trousers . the nurse catch Cheryl 's look . without a word , she walk into the small bathroom at the foot of bobbi 's bed . the nurse join Cheryl . she get close to he . too close . cherye help she , please . she reach for he sex ae the door slowly close ... the nurse be still look at he watch when Cheryl get out of she daydream fantasy . the male nurse ( to bobbi , softly ) no . bobbi cry and she tear fall in the wrong direction . not down over the light of she cheek to the corner of she mouth , but away from the edge of she eye to she ear . int . lady 's toilet - hospital - night 594 Cheryl be in a stall , seat on a toilet , she hand join together , praying in silence , hold back tear . she hear someone walk in . she re-gather and léave . int , hospital corridor - night 94 Cheryl be on the phone , impatient . cheryl I be he sister . he have my number . thanks . she hang up . 94 95 rep Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 63 . int . hospital room - night 94 Cheryl be back in the room and see bobbi 's bear foot stick out from the sheet . they be blue . Cheryl find she mother 's sock and struggle to put they on she . cheryl shit , Mom , you have to help I here . Cheryl instantly regret she burst of impatience when she see bobbi just . stare at she , defeat . Cheryl put she coat and hat on , and bend over to kiss she mother . bobbi do not . cheryl , ell be back in the morning . with leif . bobbi be so weak , she can not talk , but manage to smile . cheryl ( con ? ’d ) I love you , Mom . you must know . bobbi nod imperceptibly . cheryl ( cont 'd ) youre the centre of I . everything I be . there 's a agonizing pause as bobbi grope for a word . bobbi Love . it 's all she can manage . Cheryl leave the room . int . hospital corridor - night 95 Cheryl close the door quietly . a sympathetic nurse approach she . nurse how 's she do ? cheryl we be tell a year ! we have have a month . one fuck month . the nurse do not know what to say . a beat . ( continued ) 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 64 . continued : 95 nurse I be sorry . 1/11 pray for she . Cheryl can see the empathy in she face , and the rage start to drain out of she . ext . STREET ~ night 96 Cheryl walk down the street , oblivious to passer - by and the everyday , uncare thrum of a ordinary urban winter evening . we realize it 's St. Patrick 's Day - there be drunk green people everywhere . Cheryl pass a bar with a big plate glass window . we can not hear the noise , we can only see it - man and woman wear green shirt and green hat and drink green beer . a drunk man catch Cheryl 's eye , make a sad face , point at she and laugh . his friend turn to look , and they start laugh too . ext , trail - day 7 Cheryl blunder on through the snow , determine , inelegant , maybe lose , surely in she thought . cheryl ( v.0 . ) what be you laugh at , asshole ? Fucking Saint Patrick ! go to hell , all you fuck Saints ! she see a tree with a small tin badge attach to it . the badge say '' pot '' . cheryl ( ironic ) thank you , God , for show I the way ! she look around . cheryl ( v.0 . ) as if he give a shit . I be sorry , but God be one ruthless bitch . and carry on . omitted 9a omitted 9 omitted 100 int , bobbi ‘s house - night 101 Cheryl be lie on the couch , on the phone , still wear she coat and hat . ( continued ) 101 102 a102 wild Green ( 13/19/2013 ) 68 . continued : cheryl it 's urgent . he need to get the fuck home ! she emash the receiver down . later - night leif blunder through the back door , drunk and etone , but sober up fast . Cheryl leap to she foct . cheryl , where the fuck have you be ? leif look at she vulnerable . beryl ( cont ‘d ) she 's die ! do you understand ? leif do not say that . she can not die . cheryl she can . she be . leif stop say that ! she can not die . T can not live without she . I can not do this . Cheryl holde she brother and comfort he . like a mother . int . bobbi 's house - leif 's room - night Cheryl and leif lay together in he single bed , talk , cry and laugh . leif killer , doobie , motorcycle Dan , and who be that other guy ? the guy who give we five dollar bill for candy so that we would leave the two of they alone ? cherye , nipper ! Cheryl 's mind be somewhere else . cheryl ( cont 'd ) if you press you face hard against the glass , you can see a slice of Lake Superior . it seem to go straight into the horizon ... 101 102 a102 ( continued ) a102 wied Green ( 11/19/2013 ) 5a . continued : a102 a flash of bobbi in she hospital bed , look at Cheryl press she face against the window . bobbi a room with a view ... cheryl ( v.0 . ) she say . more laugh from leif and Cheryl still in bed together . bobbi ( v.0 . ) all of my life , I have wait for a room with a view ! ( continued ) a102 103 alo3 104 a104 wied Green ( 11/19/2013 ) continued : ( 2 ) cheryl Jesus , she never stop ! lelf this past few year I act like she 's nothing to I , but really she 's everything . a102 Cheryl nod . agree . a beat . then she shut she eye and join she hand together . leif giggle . leif ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? cheryl , I be praying to the whole fuck universe . hope that there be a God somewhere . I want a miracle . I want to believe in miracle . no way Mom 's go to die at 45 ! leif be cry again ... and soon join he sister in she desperate cali to God . clearly , this two have never pray before . int . car - day leif be drive she mother 's car , too fast . Cheryl the passenger seat . neither of they speak . ext . trail ~ day card on screen - day 36 103 sit in a103 there 's no snow to be see . the trail be visible again , and we be back in the familiar rhythm , the thump of boot and the creak of the pack . Cheryl be still lose in she thought that soon make she smile . int , hospital - day Cheryl and leif walk down the corridor towards she 104 mother 's room , excite to see she mother again , and to surprise she with leif 's presence , she have a smile on she face , one she have at 7 ... bobbi ( v.0 . ) how much do I love you ? int . father 's house - day bobbi be hold she hand a couple of inch apart . like the a104 ( continued ) a104 wild Green ( 11/19/2013 ) continued : bobbr this much ? 65a . a104 Young Cheryl and leif start to smile and shake they head . ( continued ) a104 105 wizd Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) aloe cheryl leif no. no. bobbi ( cont ’d ) this much ? she move she hand further apart . and as we hear young Cheryl and leif answer " no " again , we see ... Cheryl on the trail ... and Cheryl in the hospital hallway , both smile as they keep on walk . back in Father 's house ... boebi ( cont 'd ) this much ? bobbi 's arm be stretch as wide as they can go . bobbi ( cont 'd ) I can not get there ! I can not stretch they wide enough ! help ! back on the trail , Cheryl stop at the spot where she lose she boot at the beginning of the movie . back in the hospital , Cheryl stop in front of she mother 's room . there 's a sign on the door : please check in at the nurse 's station beford entering . Cheryl turn around , bewilder . she see the nurse from the day before . nurse we put ice on she eye . cheryl what ? nurse she want to donate she corneas , so wess Cheryl burst into the room . leif stand outside , too stunne to move . int , hospital room - day 105 Paul be in a chair and stand . he say something like '' just get here a hour ago '' but we can hardly hear he because we be in Cheryl 's head , hearing she loud breathe . Paul stand with he arm outstretch but Cheryl swerve for the curtain around bobbi 's bed , and pull it back to reveal she corpse . over bobbi 's eye be a pair of surgical glove pack with ice , the finger lolling clownishly across she face . 106 107 108 109 110 qua a2 wied Blue ( 08/30/2013 ) 68 . ext . trail ~ day 106 Cheryl be stand on the edge of the trail , hurl she one useless boot down into the forest , yell she pain but we do not hear she . we hear instead the introduction of El condor pasa ac it continue to play over the follow scene . montage 107 a sudden rush of disconnect soundless image : a beat - up , swollen eye completely close ; Cheryl howling while kissing the belly of she mother ; Cheryl scream she gute out in the wilderness ; Cheryl smoking a crack pipe with a man ; Cheryl engulf leif in she arm in the hospital ; Cheryl undress ina hotel room while a stranger watch ; young Cheryl and young leif cower in the back of they mother 's car ; the surgical glove pack with ice fall on the floor ; bobbi 's face , lifeless and sightless ; Cheryl howling ... under the soft voice of Simon & garfunkel : yes , I would , if I could , I surely would ... ext . trail - day 108 Cheryl be angrily make boot out of the beach shoe she carry around with she for time when she 's not hike . she 's wind duct - tape around they , and around ner ankle . int . HOTEL bar — day 109 cheryl be sit on she own at the bar , stare into space . the man we see Cheryl undress for be sit nearby read @ newspaper . Cheryl say something to he and the man hand over the book section . int . HOTEL room - day 110 Cheryl and the man make violent , frantic love in a hotel room . ext . trail - day 1 Cheryl still construct she shoe . just ahead of she she see the fox . cheryl what the fuck do you want ? when we go back to she Pov , the fox have disappear . int . restaurant - day 12 Cheryl waitress in a restaurant . she give the check to a table of two youngish guy in suit . she stare at they . 113 a4 1s 116 uy 118 weed Blue ( 08/30/2013 ) 63 . ext . back of the restaurant - day a Cheryl be have sex with both of they against the wall of the back of the restaurant . the guye 's effort be labor , and she 's unengage , distract by something further down the alley . from she Pov , we see bobbi watch she . int . bedroom ~ night nia the door open and Cheryl slip into bed and put she arm around Paul who do not eleep , do not move nor say anything . Cheryl fall straight to sleep . int . jor 's apartment - day 115 Cheryl lie in bed with the guy we see smoking crack , joe - punk -rock skinny , quiff . the couple be clearly post-coital . Joe 's apartment have no furniture except for a mattress , a beat - up coffee table and two chair . he lean out of bed and take what be unmistakably the paraphernalia of heroin . Cheryl put she foot on he chest . close on a needle go into Cheryl 's ankle . Cheryl close she eye and sigh with pleasure . ext , tratl - day 16 close on that same ankle , be wrap in duct -tape . Cheryl stand in she newly - construct duct - tape shoe , ramshackle , hopeful and hopeless . cheryl fuck you . let 's go . she start to walk down the trail , wince in pain . there 's a new percussion instrument in the rhythm section now : the thud of boot have be replace by the rustle of the tape . ext , trail - dusk 7 Cheryl be on the trail . it 's get dark . she stumble . she do not care . she keep walk . later - night we she 's still hike , through the night , with energy and anger , she head lamp on . she walk by a tree and get spike by a branch . tt leave a gash on she cheek . she hardly break stride . 119 120 weed pink ( 10/08/13 ) 70 . ext . trail - darn no first light . Cheryl stop on the edge of a raging atrean - she have to go through it . she gingerly pute one foot into the water and be immediately knock off balance . she land on she back , pack first , and be sweep downstream a few foot before she can get a grip and stop herself . when she clamber out the other side , soaking wet , the duct - tape shoe be trail behind she . she rip they off , start again . int . cafe / store - day 120 card on screen - day 51 Cheryl , filthy , sweat , she duct - tape boot flap and unravel , walk into a small cafe / store — a couple of table . a guy in he sixty be lean on the counter . Cheryl take a snapple out of a cold drink cabinet , look at it , put it against she forehead before put it down on the counter . cheryl hi , I be hope that you have a couple of parcel for I . Cheryl stray ? an TI see one . do not think there 's two . ke disappear off into a back room . cheryl there will definitely be two : she try to say it with certainty , but we can tell she 's panic . he come back with one box , and a letter . he put they on the counter . man New boot from REI ? cheryl yeah . she dangle out a foot to show he . man wow . how far have you walk in that ? {continued } 120 121 weed pink ( 10/09/13 ) not continued : 120 cheryl maybe fifty mile ? you / be sure there be not another box ? and there should be a couple more letter . I bypass the last stop and . man I be sure . and lady , if you walk fifty mile in duct - tape , you get the box you need . it 's two dollare for the snapple . cheryl you know what ? I be good . with a heavy heart , she pick up the snapple and put it back in the drink cabinet . later 121 Close on a pair of new boot on the cafe table . Cheryl be run she finger over they lovingly while she read a letter . paul ( v.0 . ) dearest Cheryl , welcome to Old station . I think you be halfway , maybe a little more . six hundred mile ! damn ! I hope you do not mind all the stuff I get into in the last letter . once I have put it in the mail - box , I wonder whether I have do the right thing . maybe the truth ie better to speak than to hear . maybe you do not want to know any of that . but T be angry with you . Cheryl put the letter in she bag and start to leave , man behind counter remember to take enough water with you when you go back out on the trail . it 's pretty hot out there . cheryl there 's a water tank about twenty mile away , right ? man behind counter yep , but it 's way over a hundred degree on the modoc Plateau . that 's a lot of sweat . another hiker come in — a woman , older than Cheryl , cropped grey hair , less dishevel , smaller pack . this be Stacey . ( continued ) aaa 122 wild pink ( 10/08/13 ) 72 . continued : suacey you must be Cheryl . I be Stacey . Cheryl smile in delight . cheryl , you be a woman ! she stand up and hug she . ext . campsite - dusk Cheryl be doctore she foot while talk to stacey . they tent be side - by side , and they be both sit on they camp seat . stacey do you come across a guy call greg ? cheryl , yes . a long time ago , at Kennedy meadow , when I know even less than T do now . stacey he quit . cheryl , greg ? no way . he be a real hiker . stacey he could not deal with the snow . he 's come back next year . cherye wow . I be still here and greg 's go home ! Stacey raise she glass to make a toast . stacey female power ! Cheryl chink she cup and smile . a beat . stacey ( cont ’d ) do you get lonely ? cheryl sometimes . honestly , I be lonelier in my regular life than T ’am out here . I miss ny friend , of course , but it 's not like there 's anyone wait for I at home . 1a 122 ( continued ) 122 wild pink ( 10/09/13 ) tan. continued : 122 a pause , while Cheryl work out how much she want to say to this woman . cheryl ( cont 'd ) my mom die of cancer four year ago and my dad 's a bastard , he have not be in my life since I be six , waich be probably for the best , because he be a violent man . oh , and I get divorced a few month ago . so my life 's kind of .. emptied out . Stacey nod . stacey join the club . cheryl omile at she . cheryl , I have a brother . leif . I love he like mad but we ... lose each other . ( a beat ) how about you ? Stacey hesitates to talk . stacey I can not stay marry , I have be marry and divorced three time . Stacey shake she head , not proud of she accomplishment , but keep she smile on she face . stacey ( cont 'd ) I need to find something in I . I do not know what yet but ... I need to be - gather . I guess the trail 's a good place for that . for people whose life have emptied out . I mean , look ! ( gesture to the sunset ) this have the power to fill you up again if you let it . T be slowly learn to . Cheryl laugh . stacey wonder why . cheryl my mom use to say this thing that drive I nute : '' svery day there 's a sunrise and a sunset and you can choose to be there for it . you can put yourself in the way of beauty . '' ( continued ) want pink ( 10/09/13 ) 728. 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 stacey I like you mom . my kind of woman . Cheryl smile at she gratefully , do not say a word , even though we hear she say ... cheryl ( v.0 . ) she be the love of my life . 123 wrep pink ( 10/09/13 ) 73 . int . classroom - day 123 Cheryl ie in a empty , cheerless college classroom , sit on one side of a work - table on a plastic chair . on' the other side be a therapist , vince - fiftyish , grizzle , kind - look . Cheryl be draw , pale , unkempt , red-rimme eye ; she 's at rock -bottom . she clearly do not want to be there . cherye I have be destroy by she death . there 's nothing else to say about it . Vince stay silent . a beat . cheryl ( cont ’d ) I think there have be couch and armchair and book . and kleenex . vince that 's fifty - buck - an-hour therapy . this 4s ten-bucks — a - hour therapy . why do you think you would be destroy by you mother 's death ? cheryl , be that what you job be ? to ask the bereaved if they be grieve too much ? vince people grieve in all sort of different way . I be ask you about yours . cheryl , be mine so bad ? vince you be use heroin and you be have sex with anyone who ask . I be not sure that this thing be make you happy . ( continued ) 123 mret Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 74 . continued : 123 cheryl well , you / be wrong . I be happy while I /m do they . and the rest of the time T want to die . can you see the appeal ? vince do you sleep with you husband too ? cheryl no . I be like a guy when it come to sex . I prefer to be detach . vince you think that 's what guy be like ? Cheryl shrug and stare at the poster behind he - a picture of the universe , with a arrow point at a tiny dot and the word '' you be here 's beside it . cheryl , I see that poster all over the place . I hate it . who want to teach kid that they do not matter ? _ . vinee turn around to look at it . vince do you feel as though you matter ? this get to she , momentarily . cheryl yes . I know I do . vince so who detach from you ? cheryl oh , right . my mom die , and we have to talk about my dad . Jesus . vince so there 's the answer to that particular question . cheryl anyway . we detach from he . vince do you get a say in that ? a sudden soundless flask - young Cheryl dab a tissue on she mother 's face in the car . look like she 's apply make -up . ( continued ) 123 124 125 weed pink ( 10/09/23 ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) 123 back to Cheryl , now fiddling distractedly with she wedding ring . cheryl I do not need one . vince maybe you do . Cheryl stand up . cheryl this be not go to work for I . this be not about talk . she leave . another soundless flash : a small bottle of peroxide be pour on a tissue . Young Cheryl hold it against a ugly gash above she mother 's beat up eye . and as we hear Charlie Rich start to sing - who will the next fool be .+. int , father 's house ~ day 1a Young Cheryl walk back into the house with leif and bobbi . ' the young girl look at she father who be fry egg . the man obviously feele cheap and guilty but he 's delighted to see they . he pick leif up as he sing over Charlie Rich 's song . bobbi smile with one eye . the other one be swollen . ext . trail - day 125 card on screen - day 56 Cheryl be back on the trail in she new boot . there be a spring in she step . she stop at a trail register and write . ( continued ) 125 a125 b125 126 127 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 76 . continued : 125 on screen '' even a child with normal feet be in love with the world after he have got a new pair of shoe - flannery o’connor ( and cheryl straye ) . but the landscape be like it be right at the beginning of she hike - it 's arid and scrubby , and the temperature be clearly unbearable . cheryl ( v.0 . ) the ash of a body be not really like the ash froma fire , soft and silky . soundless flash : al2 Robbie 's grave and tombstone , with the inscription ' I ’m with you always 's . cheryl ( v.0 . ) they be more like pale pebble mix with a gritty grey gravel . we spread most of they around she grave . int , tent - night 125 Cheryl be write she diary . cherye , ( V -0 . ) but some of the larger chunks I put in my mouth .. soundless flash : Cheryl 's mouth open . cheryl ( v.0 . ) and I swallow whole . Cheryl continue on the trail . cheryl ( v.0 . } ' the firet time I smoke heroin it be a hot sunny day in June . I laugh like a child , and twirle around in my mother 's jewelry box . soundless flash : 126 a dance geisha girl be twirling as young Cheryl , full of make - up and jewel , look at it . ext . trail - day 127 Cheryl rest in shade , she pack off , chugge water from one of the large bottle she have bring with she . ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 131 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 77 . continued : 127 she stop herself , put the bottle back in the pack . she have not have enough . cheryl fuck it . she pull the bottle out of the pack and drink the rest . she then pull out a second bottle of water and a ball - point pen , and mark off what she 's go to allow herself at the next stop . ext . trail - later 128 she 's walk , compose sentence in she head again . cheryl ( v.0 . ) the firet time I shot up , I sink to my knee and begge ... '' more , more , more ... " soundless flash : 129 Close on a needle go into a tie - off vein . cheryl ( v.0 . ) ( sing ) '' .. , how do you like it , how do you like it bxt . job/ apartment build - day 130 Cheryl , sit on a beat - up garden chair on a bit of dismal scrubland in front of a apartment block . she 's stone out of she mind . there be a weird dude in front of she , make fancy dance move . and even if we can not hear he , we can tell that he 's sing ... " more , more , more '' . cheryl ( v.0 . ) a day after my birthday , a man ask I for money . the dude lip-sync ... '' that 's what J want " . ext . trail - day asi so do Cheryl as she keep on walk . cheryl ( sing ) '' that 's what I waaaaaaaaant '' . ( continued ) ast 132 133 a133 wred Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 78 . continued : 13h Cheryl stop sing but keep on walk . she touch she throat and give the finger to a imaginary person in front of she . ext . joens apartment build - day 132 the dude hae a knife at Cheryl 's throat . and he 's not sing , nor dance anymore . he reach into she pocket and take she money . int . job 's apartment - day 133 Cheryl look at she reflection on the glass of the coffee table , a red mark on she throat leave by the knife . next to she , Joe have pass out on the mattress , naked . a door open . reveal Paul . the couple stare at each other . cheryl ( v.0 . ) a week after the event , somebody finally wish I '' happy birthday '' . he drive eighteen hundred mile to see I and t cheat on he anyway . Cheryl hold back tear . int , paul be car ~ day a133 we be back in Paul 's car when he and Cheryl be fight . this time , we can hear they . this two know how to fight . paul just tell I why you be do this to yourself ? cheryl have she finger in she ear and pretend not to hear anything . Paul can not stand it anymore and take she leave hand out of she ear , in a violent movement , as he keep drive across a bridge . cheryl do not you fuck touch I ! paul , do not you fuck play this game ! cheryl I do not ask you to come and get I ! you come for you own reason . just so you could be the big hero ! a beat during which Paul do not know what to say . ( continued ) a133 134 135 136 137 wimp pink ( 10/09/13 ) 79 . continued : al33 paul maybe . cheryl , why do you come all this way to get I ? paul because ! Paul grip the steering wheel , frustrated , emotional , confuse . paul ( cont ’d ) just ... because ! Cheryl look out the window . through the structure of the bridge , we can see mount Hood in the distance ext . trail - day 134 for a second , it sound like we nre hearing the echo of Paul 's voice . Cheryl drink down to the last marker on the last bottle of water , and then , still parched , drain the bottle later 135 Cheryl round a bend , and there , in the distance , be the water tank she 's be long to see . she gasp she relief . but as she get closer to it , she can see that there 's 4 piece of paper attach to it , flap a little in the breeze . cheryl , no . she walk towards it as quickly as she can . close on the piece of paper : '' no water '' . she sit down in the shade of the water tower and pull out she guide book . int . tent - day 136 Close on Cheryl waking up . she 's parched . she lick she crack lip . ext . tent - day 437 Cheryl lick the tent , try to suck up any dew that may have collect overnight . she look at a sage bush next to she . ( continued ) 137 138 139 wied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) a0 . continued : 137 she put she face in she paim , inhale deeply some leave of sage that she rubbed against she palm . when she bring she face back up , we see ... + ++ bobbi 's face instead , who look up at a blue sky . Cheryl get rid of the leave and gather she stuff as we start to hear she teacher 's voice ... teacher ( v.0 . } I lose my mother 's watch . and look ! my last , or next - to-last ... int . classroom college — day 138 her teacher be hold a book and be recite a poem ... ' teacher sss of three love house go . the art of lose be not hard to master ... bxt . trail - day 139 back on the trail . Cheryl 's breathe be quite labor now , and the coherence that be allow she to compose sentence in she head have go . she start to accompany she teacher . cheryl ( v.0 . ) +++ T lose two city , lovely one . and , vaster , some realm i’ own , two river , a continent . T miss they , but it be not 'a disaster . back on the teacher . teacher ( with Cheryl 's voice ) and every rappin 's cat I know drink miller lite ... back on Cheryl on the trail . cheryl vss be not that so . Cheryl be struggle , sick and scared . she try to chant . cheryl ( cont ’d ) fear create fear . power create power . do not fuck die here . ( continued ) 139 140 wibd pink ( 10/09 /13 ) al. continued : 139 Cheryl see what she 's be lock for - a stagnant pond , the size of a tennis court . the water be shallow and brown , and you would have to be desperate to think about drink it . she pulle out she water purifier , crouch down and begin to pump the brown liquid into the bottle . cheryl ( v.0 . ) do not let the tube touch the bottom . do not let the tube touch the bottom . the pump be hard , and even when she have fill a bottle , it do not look anything less than poisonous . she find she iodine tablete , read the instruction on the packet . cheryl ( v.0 . ) thirty minute ! {out loud ) fuck you , iodine tablet . cheryl ( v.0 . ) I do not mean that . you be cool . it 's the science that 's fuck . she settles down to stare at the bottle and start to count out loud . cheryl one Mississippi two Mississippi Three Mississippi later 140 she 's count much faster . there be another bottle beside it now . cheryl Fifteen hundred and one , fifteen hundred and two , fifteen hundred and I be do . she pick up the bottle , drink it down in one . suddenly she hear a noise , and two man be stand by the pond with she , clint and 1j . phey be both wear jeans with knife hitched onto they belt , and there be bow and arrow in they backpack . clint you get any water ? this ie say without apology or supplication . both the man seem aggressive and desperate . ( continued ) 140 weed pink ( 10/08/13 ) 82 . continued : 140 cheryl , you can drink the pond water , but you have to filter it firet . ww we do not have a filter . cheryl you can use mine . you have a bottle ? v7 we get a empty beer can . he produce one from he bag . she pass the filter to the small man , and he start to try to pump with it , into the beer can , as Cheryl watch he . ' TI ( cont * D ) and we can just drink it straight from the can ? Cheryl hesitates . cheryl sure . you come out with nothing to drink ? clint we bring a six - pack of this . each . but we drunk ‘em all . ww I can not do this . cheryl yeah , it 's hard work . ww it will not move . Cheryl take over . she can not pump it either . she take it out and examine it . it 's clogge with mach from the bottom of the pond . cheryl , you be not suppose to let the tube go into the mud like that , you be suppose to keep it up in the water . 1 shit . clint so now what be we suppose to do ? ( continued ) 140 weed pink ( 10/09 /23 ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 140 Cheryl be reluctant to show she bottle of pill , then ... cheryl you can use this . cut to the two man fill they beer can with water and drop iodine tablet into then . 1 how long do it take ? clint she just tell you , asshole . tairty minute . they lapse into silence . clint ( cont 'd ) so. how can we kill the time ? tt I can think of some way . he snigger and look at Cheryl . Cheryl be uncomfortable . tg ( cont ’d ) she 's get a really nice figure , do not she ? what I can not believe be that she 's out here all alone . if she be my girlfriend , T would not have let she . Cheryl stand up , move towards monster . she 's scared now clint oh , sit down , we nre just mess with you head . cheryl I be hike on a bit farther , so I would better get go . Nice to meet you guy . ' the man exchange a smile . there ie a silence for a moment . 70 how come you be out here all alone , sweetheart ? Cheryl do not answer and gather she stuff . TI ( cont ’d ) be there some man somewhere who be not get any at the moment ? ( continued ) 140 a140 wip pink ( 10/09/13 ) boa. continued : ( 3 ) 140 clint snigger . clint maybe he be . they both laugh . clint pull on he pack . clint ( cont ’d ) we be head out too . do not want to run out of Light . ( to tj ) come on . clint take a beer can and start to leave . iy follow and wave Cheryl goodbye with the other beer can in he hand . she wave back and watch they in a take posture of readying herself to leave as they disappear into the wood . she stay still and listen , but she breathe prevent she from hearing properly . she hold she breath . the sound of footstep slowly fade out . she start to breathe again . later algo Cheryl have now she pair of legging on and she tarp be laid out . she peel she sweaty shirt off and put on a long sleeve shirt when suddenly she be startle by tj who watch she froma distance . he start walk towards she . 1 I think you be head on . Cheryl know now that there be something to be afraid of . we can hear the blood pound in she ear . cheryt I change my mind . 1 you try to trick we ? cheryl , no , I just change my mind . 0 you change you clothes too . 19 take off he backpack and set it down . on top of it , he arrow . Cheryl spote they . TI ( cont 'd ) I like you pants . they look good on you . they show off you hip and leg . ( continued ) wied pink ( 10/08/13 ) ba. a140 continued : a140 cheryl , please do not say that . ag what ? can a guy give a girl a compliment anymore ? you should be flatter . cheryl , thank you . a long beat . he stare at she . she cross she arm against she chest , aware of the fact that she be not wear a bra . cheryl ( cont ’d ) I think you better get go . it / 11 be get dark soon . will it 's a free country . I will go when I be ready . another long silence during which tj gently swirl around the water inside he beer can , then suddenly ... clint what the hell be you do ? I think you get lose ! get you dumb ass here , let 's go ! tj look at he watch , and lift he beer can . aw it 's safe to drink the water now . here 's to a young girl all alone in the wood . 10 take a sip , look at she and leave , slowly . as soon as he 's out of sight , Cheryl pack she thing at lightning speed and leave in the opposite direction . b140 | later bio tt 's dusk . almost dark . Cheryl walk away as quickly as she can . she risk stop and look behind she . there 's nobody there . she hold she breathe again and listen . nothing unusual . ( continued ) b140 142. 142 wazd pink ( 10/09/13 ) 85 . continued : b140 she start to breathe more easily , and walk on . we notice that over she long sleeve shirt , she have put on the Bob marley T-shirt that she be give . ext . trail - day aaa card on screen - day 62 Cheryl be lose in the middle of a thick fog . we can not even gee she at first , until she walk closer to the camera . she 's still wear she Bob marley shirt . Cheryl notice a sign on a tree : welcome to oregon , USA ~ portland 498 mile . Cheryl gasp , and then giggle with delight . in the distance she see a trail register . on Cheryl as she wave to the field beside she . cheryl Goodbye , Californian cow ! hello , oregonian cow ! the cow stare at she impassively . cut the a trail - register quote on screen : ' but I have promise to keep / and mile to go before I sleep - ROBERT frost ( and cheryl straye ) " we hear music come from ... ext . MAIN strest , ashland - day 142 ashland be completely bewilder for someone who 's spend so much time alone in the wild . it 's bath , today at least , in dazzle sunlight , and there be punk and hippie and tattoo everywhere . Cheryl do not look out of place , with she tattoo and she cake - on dirt and she back - pack , but she feel out of place . she see Jerry Garcia 's face and name everywhere - on home - make sign in shop window , on t-shirt , stick onto the side of van . she smile and nod she head to the rhythm of a acoustic guitarist play the grateful Dead 's '' box of rain '' on the sidewalk accompany by a male singer . Cheryl stop next to a young girl , pink hair and stud , to listen . cheryl people really love the Dead in this town . ( continued ) 142 143 wied Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 86 . continued : 142 the girl look at she witheringly . Cheryl , take aback , walk on . she stop at a newspaper vend machine and read 's the headline : jerry garcia dead . Cheryl walk on through the town . she pass a blonde girl , face smear with grime , crash out in a doorway : Cheryl note the track mark and the apparently obligatory tattoo . she touch she own , unconsciously . int . post office - day 143 Cheryl wait in line in the post office . a lot of the same alternative crowd be in there . a angry , young man run away from the counter at the front of Cheryl 's line and storm out . angry young man you be waste you time . she will not give you shit . it 's Cheryl 's turn . the middle - age woman behind the counter hate she on sight - Cheryl be just another member of the tribe of the unwash . Cheryl siile sweetly at she . cheryl , hi . I have a box and some letter to pick up ? Cheryl strayea ? woman fow axe you spelling that ? cheryl stray ? like a , you know , like a cat that stray . like stray cat blue . the woman do not appear to be a Stones fan . she disappear to check . Cheryl people - watch for a moment . in the parallel queue , a boyfriend and a girlfriend be argue quietly . the girl be in teare . the woman come back and interrupt Cheryl 's reverie . woman just this . she hand she a postcard . Cheryl look at it in alam . cheryl , no , there should be a box wait for I . woman no box . ( continued ) 143 144 145 ried Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 87 . continued : 143 she start to look behind Cheryl towards the next person in the queue . cherye it have money in it . T need it . T have forty dollar in the entire world , and twenty of they be in that box . woman there 's no box . and before you ask : no , I can not advance you the money . this be a post office , not a bank . and I be not you mother . Cheryl start to say something , stop herself , turn away from the woman and start to walk away , read she postcard . paul ( v.0 . ) you make it ! think of yay ! orego ! you , Paul . she etop walk . cheryl , Jesus . ext . MAIN STREET - day 144 Cheryl be look wide - eye at the abundance in the shop window . outeide a food store there 's a bucket of peach . Cheryl pick up a peach and put it to she nose , inhale deeply . she pute it back . she spot a drugstore , with a cosmetics ad in the window - a glamorous woman , lipstick and eye make -up . Cheryl stare at she and go in . int . drugstore - day 145 , Cheryl ig try on lipstick . she look at herself in the mirror . the plum - coloured lipstick look incongrucus on she , garish . a middle - age , immaculately turn out saleswoman stand nearby spot she . saleshoman that shade look nice on you . cheryl really ? I do not look weird ? like a clown ? saleswoman no. whe saleswoman approach she for a closer look and then stop . ( continued ) 145 146 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 8s . continued : 145 saleswoman ( cont 'd ) oh , my . Cheryl look at she , puzzle . saleswoman ( con ' T ’d ) do you mind if I say something ? the nicest lipstick in the world can not help a girl if she do not take care of she personal hygiene . Cheryl laugh , embarrassed . cheryl on. I be sorry . I intend to take care of that . ' saleswoman ( whisper ) it really need to be a priority , sweetie . ext . STREET - day 146 Cheryl come out of the store hold a snapple . she look at it with long , and then start to glug it down . she stop halfway through , savore it . her attention be take by a very cute guy , slightly older than Cheryl , across the street . he 's hand out flyer . he spot Cheryl , emile at she , cross the road . this be jonathan . jonathan hey . he 's very handsome indeed , and Cheryl be obviously attract to he . cheryl , hello . jonathan I work at a music club down the street , and we be honore Jerry Garcia tonight . why do not you come along ? he hand she the flyer . Cheryl make sure she stand at arm 's length . jonathan ( cont ’d ) what 's you name ? cheryl I be Cheryl . ( continued ) 146 a7 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) g9 . continued : 146 every time Jonathan try to get a bit nearer , cheryl retreat a yard . jonathan ( laugh ) I do not bite . cheryl I do not mind some bite . the moment she 's say it she regret it . cheryl ( conr ’d ) oh , my God . I be eo sorry . I have be on my owh for a long time . she regret this , too . cheryl ( cont 'd ) I do not mean ... I have have a ton of relationship , so I be not , like , some old may , but . . arargh ! Cheryl shoot herself in the head with she finger . jonathan look , I x11 put you on the guest list . and maybe we can do something afterwards ? what do you think ? cheryl I would like to . but it depend on some thing beyond my control . really stupid crap about money and soap and ... fresh underwear . Jonathan put he hand in the air , a gesture intend to convey that he do not want to know any more . jonathan T hope to see you later . Cheryl watch he go , drain she snapple , and march off with a new determination . int . post office ~ day 147 chery ) be back at the counter in the post office , and the same crabby woman be serve she . the clerk do not appear to have any recollection of they previous meeting . ( continued ) 147 148 wied pink ( 10/09/13 ) 90 . continued : a7 cheryl I be Cheryl strayed . I have a box to pick up ? woman how be you spelling that ? cheryl ( the merest trace of impatience ) s-b-r-b-y-e-d this ringa some kind of bell with the crabby woman . woman I think I may have see something with that name on . she disappear to look . meanwhile Cheryl watch the kid in the post office again . one young couple in the next line be kissing passionately . Cheryl smile involuntarily . suddenly the crabby old woman be back - this time with a large box . woman ( cont ’d ) there you go . sign here , please . she push a form across the counter . Cheryl look at she in disbelief . cheryl do you have any idea how important you job be ? seriously ? the life of all the people in this room be in you hand . we need you to be kind , and we need you to care . woman happy to help . next , please . int . motel room ~ day 14a Close on what could be a map : a ridge , pale , pucker , otherworldly landscape . it 's the skin on Cheryl 's hip , where the skin have be rubbed raw and heal itself '' and rubbed raw and heal itself until it resemble something that you might find in a organic butcher 's shop . Cheryl be wear a black bra and pants , and she 's examine herself thoughtfully in the motel - room mirror . she 's a different woman from the beginning of the movie : tan , slender , miscular , sun - bleach , beat up , hairy . she shave she leg . later . she 's fully dress and wear a fresh T-shirt . she check herself one more time . ( continued ) 148 149 150 wizd yellow ( 10/21/13 ) si. continued ? 148 she shrug - it 's the best she can do - and leave the room for she date . close on the detritus on the bedside table : some change , a half - eat bag of potato chip , a snapple bottle — and the condom that she 's be carry in she pocket for hundred of mile . int . drugstore - evening 143 Cheryl be back at the beauty aisle in the co- op she visit earlier on in the day . the same woman be still there , still wait for customer . cheryl , I have a shower . saleswoman great ! cheryl and I think I have a date . but I do not have any money , so I be just go to help myself to any free sample you have . saleswoman or , let 's see what we have get . int . club - dusk 150 Cheryl be wear make -up . she look good , but unfamiliar to we . the club be full . some of the people from the post office and the plaza be among the crowd listen to a original cover of '' Ripple '' by the grateful Dead , perform by a solo guitar player - singer . Cheryl love the misic - it 's nearly as important to she as food , and she 's wolfing it down ... perhaps they be better leave unsung I do not know , do not really care let there be song to fill the air Jonathan , Cheryl 's new friend , suddenly appear with two glass of red wine . they listen to the music in silence , watch the crowd of '' Dead head '' accompany the singer , some of they with they eye fill with tear . chezyl notice that Jonathan be connect with the crowd . she wait for he to look at she and when he do , she love what she see . Ripple in still water when there be no pebble toss nor wind to blow ( continued } wild Green ( 12/19/2013 ) 92 . 150 continued : 180 Jonathan take Cheryl 's hand , kiss it and look away when he start to sing along with 's the crowd . reach out you hand if you cup be empty if you cup be full may it be again let it be know there be a fountain that be not make by the hand of man Cheryl be the only one that be not sing . she do not know the lyric , obviously , but it do not stop she fron really enjoy the moment , and she company . cheryl , what time do you finish work ? jonathan in a hour . a lock between they . wed Green ( 11/19/2013 ) 93. 151 int . diner ~ dusk asi Cheryl be sit on she own at a diner in town . she 's eat a big burger and a large fries . ( to be move before 150 ) 152 int . car - night 152 Cheryl be in Jonathan 's car . be 's drive down dark country road outeide ashland . he 's talk , a little nervously . lucinda Williams be play on he tape-deck . jonathan I love where I live , but I be worried that girl think I be take they somewhere to chop they head off with a axe . he turn down a bumpy track . cheryl , it have not occur to I , until you say that just now . jonathan so why do you trust I ? he stop the car . they have arrive at a farm in the middle of nowhere , cheryl I guess ... do not know what the statistic be , but it have to be a minority of axo-murderers who be lucinda Williams fan , and you have kind eye , and you live in a tent on a organic farm . if you be a psycho , then I have learn nothing about anything . Jonathan lean towards she and kiss she . cheryl ( cont ’d ) mmmm . I should use that line on guy more often . jonathan you be rad . ( continued ) 152 153 wild Blue ( 08/30/2013 ) oa . continued : 1582 cheryl try not to wince at the word . cheryl you're ... rad too . int . tent ~ night be 3 darkness , and then Jonathan turn on the light , and we can see he tent . it 's enormous , and lovely . you can stand up in it , there 's electric lighting - lamp that look like candle on 's cardboard dresser on either side of the double bed - and a heater . there be even book on a little shelf . Cheryl look around admiringly . cheryl , wow . this be fantastic . jonathan I know . I be lucky . he look at Cheryl . jonathan ( cont 'd ) really lucky . he pute he arm around she and kiss she again . they fall onto the bed . Jonathan pull away so that he can speak . jonathan ( cont ’d ) listen . I be not presume or anything . but if this go any further ... do you have a condom ? Cheryl laugh . cheryl I have be carry a condom in my pocket for week , in case . when I look at myself in ' the mirror , I decide I be not take my pants off for anyone . so I leave it in the motel . jonathan that 's cool . cheryl no it 's not ! because now I want to take they off , but I have to warn you : there 's some ... bad stuff under there . jonathan oh. ok , what kind of bad stuff ? ( continved ; 153 1s4 ass 156 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) gs. continued : 153 Cheryl laugh . cheryl it 's not , like , contagious bad stuff . it 's just . she stand up , unbutton and step out of she jeans , and pull down she pants to show he the pucker , discolor skin over she hip . cheryl ( cont 'd ) ' this nike have not do much for my sexual confidence . Jonathan pull she towards he and , very slowly , kiss she stomach and then move towards the relevant area . ext . by the river - dawn isa cheryl be write something in big letter in the wet sand . int . tent - dawn 155 Jonathan wake up , look around for Cheryl . he walk to the door . his Pov : further by the river , Cheryl stand in front of she art -work in the sand that she be erase with she foot : p- a - use ext . trail - day 156 page from the pct guide be be tear out by Cheryl 's hand . she throw they on the fire . montage of Cheryl hike through Oregon , eat up the mile . we hear the old , familiar walk rhythm track , the creak , and the plod , and the click of she ski-pole . the landscape be sometimes lush , sometimes steep and rocky . in she head , she be compose a letter . card on screen - day 71 cheryl ( v.0 . ) dear Paul , back in ashland I have sex with aman , and afterwards I write you name in the sand . I have do that on every beach I have be on , ever since I meet you , but I be not go to do it again . it 's too sad . cheryl get she first sight of the spectacularly beautiful crater Lake . she stand gaze at it , awed . ( continued ) 156 187 188 wied pink ( 20/09/13 ) 96 . continued : cheryl ( v.0 . ) here be some question I have be ask myself . what if I forgive myself ? what if twas sorry , but if I could go back in time I would not do a single thing differently ? what if I would want to fuck every single one of this man ? what if heroin teach I something ? ext . trail - dusk 157 camp ie set near the lake , the stove be burn , heating water , and Cheryl be write the letter that she have be compose . cheryl ( v.0 . ) what if yes be the right answer instead of no ? what if all that thing I do be the thing that get I here ? what if I be never redeeme ? what if I already be ? I have only another two hundred mile leave to walk . I be desperate for it to be over , but I be terrify , too . I have twenty buck leave in the world . when I be do , then I 'il have to start live , and I be nowhere near ready . she look at what she 's write , hold the sheet of paper above the stove and watch it burn . ext . ranger 's station ~ day 158 it 's raining hard , the light be fade , and Cheryl 's cold and wet and hurt . but she 's approach a rest stop ~ there 's a ramshackle collection of dark wooden building and a few picnic table . as Cheryl walk towards it , a ranger emerge from one of the building and lock the door . cheryl Excuse I ! please ! you have a box for I . ranger I be just close up . could it wait until tomorrow ? cheryl Z have a fresh T-shirt in there . and some chocolate , and fresh battery . ranger ok , ok . he inspect Cheryl more closely . ( continued ) ise 159 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 97 . continued : 158 ranger ( cond ’d ) if you will have a drink with I later . cheryl ( ancertainly ) sure . int . ranger 's station - day 159 a cheerless , dimly - light and untidy office which double as a general store , with a token stock of hiker staple - energy bar , potato chip , battery . the ranger be bent down , breathe hard , lift Cheryl 's box . he plonk it on the counter . - ranger there you be , good-lookin’ . cheryl , thank you . ranger you lixe punch ? I make a good one . through whatever liquor I have get into a bucket , then pour a few tin of juice on top . cberyi . sound great . it really do not . suddenly , three young man burst in , full of - energy - rick , josh and richie . they be hiker , lean , tall , bearded , good-look . they stare at Cheryl . rick cheryl ? riceie Cheryl stray ? cheryl yeah . Jose oh my God ! riceie " tf you nerve deny you ... '' Jose '' .. , go above you nerve . '' ( continued ) 159 ried Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 98 . continued : 159 rick Emily dickinson ! '' but I have promise to keep / and mile to go before I sleep . '' richie Walt Whitman ! vos no , Robert frost . the Whitman be '' be curious , not judgmental . '' richie '' never ever ever give up . " churchill . rick '' God be a ruthless bitch ? '' you leave off the name . cheryl that one wae I . gosH you be we hero ! ' they start to make we-are- not -worthy gesture . richie every morning for about three week we have be say , today be the day we will catch Cheryl . but 's you just keep power on . rick '' I be a slow walker , but I never walk back '' , my asst cheryl lincoln . Rick present he hand to shake . rick I be Rick . and this be josh . and richie . ranger ok , fellaeh . I be shutting up , now . josh we just want to pick up we post . ranger I be sorry . I re-opene for the young lady . I be not gonna re-open again . ( continued ) 1s9 160 wreed pink ( 10/09/13 ) 99 , continued : ( 2 ) 159 cheryl you would not have to re-open again , because you have not re-close yet . they post be right behind the counter there . ranger I / will be here in the morning . he usher they towards the door . Cheryl make one last plea . cheryl , it 's such a miserable night , and I be sure that whatever the boy have have send here will make it a lot easier ... she make direct , sincere eye-contact with the ranger , who sigh and relent . ext . ranger 's station - day 160 the boy and Cheryl be all clutching packet and parcel as the ranger lock up . it 's still raining hard . Cheryl be distract . next to the ranger 's station be a paddock contain a horse . the horse wander down placidly to look at they . cheryl , be that horee yours ? ranger yeah . you want to take she out in the morning ? she could co with it . she can not take she eye off the horse . ranger ( cont ’d ) I have to go into town now for a appointment . but knock on my door after nine . I be in the other half of this building . Cheryl snap out of she daydream . cheryl , the ranger here hac ask we over for a drink . Jose oh , fantastic . we could use one . ranger oh , now , listen , I have a small place , and ... ( continued ) 160 161 ized Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 100 . continued : 160 cheryl ok , I understand . there 's a lot that I need to talk to this guy about anyway , so I / will see you in the morning . she turn quickly and usher the guy away . as he 's walk , richie open he box and show she two bottle of jd . Close on the ranger , gape . ext . campsite - night 161 the four tent be all pitch as if around a circle , and everyone be sit under the canopy of they individual tent , keep out of the rain , drink from a jd bottle . rick hey , how do you deal with be on you own ? we have each other all day , and we be still sick of ourselves . be not you , like ... do ? through with whatever you have get in you head ? Cheryl be drunk by now , but the conversation have make she as thoughtful as she 's capable of be . cheryl , Nah . I think I would be . but I be not . not yet . there be some thing I keep put off . I try to remember old McDonald 's ad instead . Jose '' put off " ? sound ominous . cheryd oh , I have be to most place I do not want to go . there be just one or two that ... she tail off and shrug . richie I hear ya . there be a couple of girlfriend I do not want to think about again in a hurry . I be hope I can keep they at bay . rick I think I know who you be talk about . laughter from the man . ( continued ) 161 162 163 164 165 weed Green ( 11/19/2013 ) 101 . continued : 161 close on Cheryl . we know that this be not the sort of stuff she mean . suddenly , this boy seem very young , and she feel old and tired . int . tent - night 162 Cheryl in she tent , still drunk , rain beat on the canvas . she try to read with she head - lamp on , but she can not focus on the word . she close she eye , and suddenly she see a elase of a horse . she open she eye again , panicky . she try to read again , can not , close she eye and start to whisper word we can not make out - and bam ! there 's the horse again . int . house - day 163 Cheryl alone in she mother 's house , hold a refuse sack . it 's a wreck — beer can , overflow ash - trays and indication of drug use everywhere . she half - heartedly start to fill the sack , then , distract , she put it down , walk to the back door . ext . back porch - day 164 leif , older , the drug and grief visible in he face , be clean a rifle while Cheryl watch from the doorway . he examine he work for a moment then look at Cheryl . leif ready ? int . horse stall - day 165 Cheryl stroking Lady , bobbi 's horse , who 's in a pitiful condition , old , but desperately thin , too . Cheryl be whdeper word to Lady or God or she mother that we can not quite make out . she go silent and look up to see leif stand there with he rifle . they be wear coat and hat and scarve . leif we do not have to do this ! cheryl we promise mom we would take care of she . leip by kill she ? cheryl , she 's be sick for a long time . she 's old . she 's in pain . ( continued ) 165 wild Green ( 11/19/2013 ) lola . continued : 165 leif there have to be another way . caeryl you get the money to do it properly ? have vet come out ? if we do not 's do it , she die slowly , in a lot of pain . be that what you want ? Cheryl and she brother pet the horse . leip right between the eye ? cheryl , one clean shot . ( continued ) wied Green ( 11/19/2013 ) 102 . 165 continued : ( 2 ) 165 , they stand about five foot away from Lady . leif crouch down on one knee in the snow , positioning the rifle , Cheryl behind he . she take a sharp breath and then the gun go off . 166 in . cheryl 's tent - night 166 breathless , she start to scramble out of she sleep bag . 167 ex . campsite - night 167 Cheryl stumble out of she tent , still panicky . she nalf - tripe over a rope , keep go . cheryl ( v.0 - ) shoot she again ! Cheryl stop on she track and start to puke . we hear one more shot . and another one . more puke . cheryl ( v.0 . ) again ! 168 '' int . horse stall - day 168 Lady be on the ground , dead . Cheryl put she hand on Lady 's blood - spatter body and rune she hand along it . leif look at he sister , in tear . 169 ext . paddock — night 169 we see Cheryl walk towards the paddock in the rain . but she blunder on , until she reach the fence . ' the horse come down to see she , placidly . she stroke the horse 's head . leip ( v.0 . ) the Indians believe that when a warrior die , you have to kill he horse . so he can cross to the other side of the river . maybe Mom can go now . rain on she face , 170 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 103. ext . tent ~ day 170 Cheryl crawl out of she tent . the boy be already up , boil water on they gas stove , sit cross - legge and eat mush . the rein have stop , the eun 's out . richie . how be you feel ? they obviously hear she retching during the night . Cheryl be a little embarrassed . cheryi . oh . you know . suddenly she friend the ranger appear . he have a mug of coffee and a donut . ranger hey , good-look . bring you some coffee . and a donut . Fresh this morning . look like you could use they . Cheryl take they from he . cheryl ' thank you . really . the guy be watch in some disbelief - where 's theirs ? ranger come and get @ refill before you head off . ( to the guy ) Morning , fella . he walk back towards he station . when he 's out of earshot , the boy explode , in laughter and outrage . rick do you have a trail name ? Cheryl wonder ... rick ( cont 'd ) a nickname . we be the Three Young buck . riceie we do not call ourselves that , by the way . some people we meet start it . ( continued ) 170 wild yellow ( 10/21/13 ) 104 . continued : 170 cheryl Z can see that . you be young , and , 2 do not know , frisky ... Jose anyway . we have one for you . Queen of the pcr . Cheryl laugh , despite the way she 's feel . cheryl , crmon . riceie he do not mean it in a good way . laughter . rick you have so many storey about people do thing for you and want to help you . and nobody ever give we anything . they do not do a damn thing for we , in fact . Jose '' come and get 2 refill , you majesty ... '' cheryl you majesty do not go anywhere . the refill come to she . richie " song tbd " rick noooooo ! fuck , man ! now I be go to have that song stick in my brain for a hundred fuck mile . jesust josh hit richie on the shoulder . he 's as annoyed as Rick . richie would you have prefer ... Jose do not ! Rick and josh be silently warning richie . a beat . then after three second , richie start sing and run away ... ( continued ) 170 a170 al t1 be 172 wild yellow ( 10/21/13 ) 105 . continued : ( 2 ) 170 richie '' song tbd " ! Rick and josh run after he as if try to kill he . ritchie run away , sing '' song tbd " . Cheryl laugh and nod . later Al Cheryl and the three Young buck be perform in perfect sync bobbi and Cheryl 's choreography on the shangri-las 's '' I can never go Home anymore '' that we hear earlier . one of the young buck play guitar with a rattle snake in he hand . ext , rangers station - phone booth ~ day al71 Cheryl , she pack on she back and about to leave , dial a number . we hear leif 's ansaphone message again . leif ( 0 - 8 - ) hi , this be leif , please leave a message after the tone . cheryl , hey brother . I again . I know we do not have a home to go to but we be still tie together . I be pull you along with I . it 's hard . so ... help I out , huh ? walk a little . exp . trail — day cay Cheryl walk alone on the trail , smile , hum £ 1 condor pasa . after a complete verse , she stop hunming , smile , keep on walk . and now we hear that someone else be hum . she lose she smile . ind . kitchen - evening 1 Cheryl 's mother be hum fl condor pasa . she 's cooking , and lose , happily , in both the task at hand and the song . Cheryl enter in a foul temper . she throw a bag down in a corner of the kitchen and sit down heavily at the table . cheryl would you stop hum that fuck song ? bobbi stop to wonder what 's eat she daughter . cheryl ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ? ( continued ) wed yellow ( 10/21/13 ) 172 continued : bobbi 108a . 472 what be wrong with you ?! I be happy . happy people sing . bobbi start hum again . same song . cheryl why ... be you happy ? tell meet bobbi I have no reason to be unhappy . cheryl you do not want more than this ? ( continued ) 172 173 continued : wizp Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) ( 2 ) bobbi oh , sweetheart . cheryl seriously ? we have nothing . bobbi we be rich in love . cheryl oh , puh-lease . not that again . we be both wait table , Jesus ! bobbi we be student . cheryl we have loan we will be pay off for the rest of we life . we house be fall apart . youre on you own because you marry a abusive alcoholic asshole . and you stand there sing , what be it you be not get ? bobbi oh , there 's nothing T do not get , believe I . but then what ? tf there 's one thing T could teach you , it would be how to find you best self . and , once you have find it , how to hold on to it for dear lite . actually , I be not sure there 's anything else worth know . do I regret marrying a abusive alcoholic asshole ? no . not for one second . because he give I you . you see how it work ? it 's not easy . but it 's worth do . Cheryl do not know what to say - bobbi ( cont ’d ) you will have woree day than this , honey . and you can let they kill you if you want , but , .. you know , I want to live . ext . trail - day cheryl be walk as we hear she voice in she head . cheryl ( v.0 . ) '' I want to live . '' Fucking pollyanna . you be not so great . you be not such a great mom . shit . you use to smoke pot in front of we . ( more ) 106 . L 13 { continued ) 173 mo winp pink ( 10/08/13 ) 107 . ' continued : 173 cheryl ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) you come out with all that etupid corny shit ... '' we be not poor , we be rich in love ! '' you want I to ’call you by you firet name when I wae like . eleven . you gid not help I apply for college , and when I wae accept at one , you end up enrol with I , as if you be my sister . and then , just before we graduate , you fuck die at 45 , you moron . ( a beat , then she let it out ) you could not even stay alive and enjoy you fuck miserable happy life . fuck ! Cheryl breathes , swallow she frustration and start to walk again . she walk around a bend and stop in she track when she see straight ahead in the trail ... a llama . cheryl , what 's thie now ? a fuck petting 200 ? later 174 Cheryl ie in front of the animal , 10 foot away . the llama hes a lead rope around ite neck and be wear a saddle . he sniff in Cheryl 's direction , make a step forward and pause to assese whether he should continue . Cheryl sit still and watch the animal . cheryl it 's okay . you be safe in this world . ' the llama walk closer and stop again . Cheryl take the lead rope and then pat the animal , tentatively at first , and then with more boldness and pleasure . a older lady , vera and a young boy , kyle , five year old or so , be walk towards she , and a dog be walk behind they . vera you get he ! thank you . cheryl do he have a name ? kyle shoot Star . vera and I be Vera , and this be Kyle . kyle you forget Miriam . ( continued ) ried Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 108 . 174 continued : 174 vera so sorry , Miriam . cheryl ( to kyle ) be you have a good time hike ? kyle we be have a wonderful time , thank you very much for ask . Cheryl laugh . cheryl my , you be polite . kyle Vera ie my grandma . she 's look after I because I have some problem that I be not suppose to talk about with stranger . cheryl you do not have to talk about they . everyone have problem . I have have some problem , too . xyle what kind of problem ? cheryl , ‘oh , you know ... she mentally scan she inventory , try to pick something that a child might want to know about . cheryl ( cont ’d ) I have problem with my dad , for example . I do not see he any more . kyle I neither . what about you mommy ? cheryl , well ... she die . Kyle look at she solemnly . then at Vera . back at Cheryl . the think of lose one 's mother seeme to affect he . cheryl ( cont 'd ) you know ... problem do not stay problem . they turn into something else . ( continued ) 174 175 wild Blue ( 09/30/2013 ) 109 . continued : ( 2 ) 174 kyle what do they turn into ? cheryl I do not know yet . kyle how do she die ? cheryl she get very sick . kyle my mother be a singer . she have teach I many song . would you like to hear one ? cheryl I certainly would . kyle sing Red River Valley - beautifully and with feel . whe llama , the story - book grandmother , the strange boy , the old song ... it 's a overwhelming moment for Cheryl , strange and funny and beautiful . she 's hold back tear . ext . trail - day 175 Cheryl walk backwarde up the trail , wave at Kyle and Vera while they wave back . we still hear the voice of the kid sing the song . Cheryl smile to herself . cheryl ( v.0 . ) " I have some problem too . my mom die . '' Jesus . a five - year- old kid , stupid ! T really make he day . she laugh , and then the laughter turn into something else , and she begin to cry and cry and cry , for the first time on the trail . cheryl ( v.0 . ) Mom , I be not cry because of you . I be not cry because of dad , or because of Paul . I be not cry because I be happy or sad . I be cry because I be full . that kid . this place . bundred of mile . ninety day on the trail , and all the year before that . I be full up . she carry on cry . cheryl I mie you ! 176 177 a178 178 b178 wtup pink ( 10/09/13 ) ilo . omitted 176 move to b178 a7 ext . trail - dusk al78 cheryl ie lie in she sleep bag , on she tarp , out on the open , by a reservoir . she do not put up she tent . a camp fire ig burn close to she . she 's write in she diary . cheryl ( v.0 . ) there 's no way to know what make one thing happen and not another . what lead to what . what destroy what . what cause what to flourish or die or take another course . Cheryl stop and look at the fire . in it : what 's leave of the pacific crest trail , volume 1 . ext . trail - dawn 178 Cheryl asleep out in the open . she wake up with a start and look down she body : hundred of tiny little black frog be hopping all over she sleep bag . she shriek soundlessly , laugh , stand up . ext . tratl - day b78 card on screen - day 94 cheryl back on the trail . she stop to fill she hat full of the large , ripe berry that overhang the trail , eat some as she do so . cheryl ( v.0 . ) tt take I year to be the woman ny mother raise . and 180 ied pink ( 20/09/13 ) a. ext . trail - day a9 Cheryl round a bend and see something . she stop . Simon and garfunkel 's bl condor pasa start to play . cheryl ( v.0 . ) it take I four year , seven month , and three day to do it , without she . T do not know where iwas go until I get there . she start to walk again towards something we can hardly see through the tree : a bridge . ext , tollbooth ~ day 180 the tollbooth agent wave Cheryl through . a sign above the tollbooth say ' Bridge of the god 's . she start she walk across the bridge . cheryl ( v.0 . ) I feel more alone than anyone in the whole wide world that morning . maybe that be okay . we follow she . she stop next to the structure . her Pov - beneath she on the road , people walk . they spot she , smile and wave . they turn to lock at she . the sun be reflect off the beautiful blue water . she can see fish swim in the river , she looke up at the blue sky , close she eye . cheryl ( v.0 . ) I do not need to reach with my bare hand anymore . to know that see the fish beneath the surface of the water be enough . that it be everything ... my life , like all life , mysterious , irrevocable and sacred . so very Close , 30 very present , so very belong to I . she open she eye , and see a fox sit in the middle of the road , on the other side of the bridge . he look at she for a moment ... and leave . cheryl ( v.0 . ) how wild it be , to let it be . Cheryl touch the bridge and smile . her eye fill with tear . Simon and garfunkel start to sing El condor pasa . the end