wild thing : diamond in the rough written by Andy hurst &amp ; Ross helford int . museum - day a perfect rainbow be trap inside two flawless diamond , glint in the morning sun . tounted on crush velvet , the identical diamond be on a glass cover pedal stool in the middle of a vast , marble museum hall . the stun beauty of the stone be match only by the breathtaking beauty of the young woman who 's admire they . marie clifford 's creamy seventeen year old skin be dapple in the cornucopia of color emanate from the diamond ... she reach out tentatively towards the glass case . not to touch the diamond , but to run she finger over a picture that 's mount in the case below the priceless jewel . it 's of a mother cradling she baby daughter ... marie today 's the day , Mom ... curator ( o.s. ) you here again , Marie ? Marie spin round , see the bespectacle curator , 60' , stand behind she . marie just leave . Marie carefully adjust the sign atop the glass case ... ' the mother daughter diamond ... ' ext . museum - day Marie fire up she powerful BMW , park right outside the austere Museum building . the powerful stereo blast , send the bird flutter skyward ... credit appear over ... ariel footage of a narrow highway , Marie 's BMW streaking through the endless tract of Florida wetland . in the water , gator , warm themselves in the early morning sun ... moving over the vast tract of swampland , flock of tropical bird stretch they majestic wing , local speed across the stagnant water in they deafen airboat ... through thick tree and foliage to trailer home and tract housing and into the town of Blue Bay , where the nip / tuck denizen sip three martini lunch and tee off at the local country club . 03/22/2004 2. Marie steer she BMW into the showroom - like parking lot of Blue Bay High School . int . marie' BMW - morning Marie guide she powerful car towards she parking spot , when ... scccreeeeccchhhh ! she slam on the brake as a figure dart in front of she car . almost give she a heart attack , throw she forward , flail arm crash into the stereo , then snap back by she seatbelt . she sit stock still for a second , then look up , out of she windshield at the young woman scour at she , only inch from the front bumper of the BMW . the sudden jolt have change the radio station . a newscaster ramble on ... radio newscaster ( v.o. ) ... operation , aim at finally capture the Black widow suspect after a six month trail of embezzlement and fraud , once again fail to snare its subject . elena sandoval , 17 , stand defiantly in front of the BMW , she do not - fuck - with - I stare in direct contrast with she come- fuck - I clothes . radio newscaster ( v.o. ) Blue Bay Police detective Michael morrison be able to recover over $ 400,000 in steal money , but the suspect , describe as female , between eighteen and thirty , remain at large ... Marie reach out with a tremble hand , turn off the stereo , then lean out of the car window . marie I be ... so ... sorry ... Elena smile wryly . elena you will be . and she mean it ... 03/22/2004 3. int . blue BAY high auditorium - morning the auditorium be pack with the Blue Bay High student body . the natural order be clear , the pastel flock at the front , the meat head jock in the center , and the reject at the back . Marie be amongst she sweater monkey friend , but she 's still shocked by what happen out in the parking lot ... jenny ( hand over a present ) happy birthday , babe . they be not diamond , but you be just gonna have to wait for that ... Marie tentatively open the gift , see a pair of opal earring . marie ( unconvincing ) thank you . thank you so much ... jenny be you ok , hon ? Marie look back , to the far reach of the auditorium where the freak and geek crowd round Elena , worshipp she like the goddess she be ... marie i...yeah ... I will be fine ... it 's just ... that new girl ... I almost hit she in the parking lot ... jenny you mean the towel girl , the one who transfer in ? Jesus , she 's trouble . you know the only reason she 's slinging towel be ' cos it 's court order ... Marie and Elena make brief , electric eye contact , across the sea of hormonally challenge student as principal lionel mosster , he ill-fitting sport jacket coffee-staine , step onstage . mosster we be here today to address a grow epidemic that affect all of you . he pause , wait for the student body to quiet down ... mosster National study report sexual activity among student at a all - time high . 03/22/2004 4. the student all cheer , naturally . mosster we will see who 's cheer when you have get a unwanted pregnancy on you hand , or get slap with a paternity suit ... or arrest for date rape . but do not take my word for it ... he motion behind he to kristen richard , early 30' , a natural beauty who 's do she best to hide behind a bland gray suit and glass , and chad borman , late 20 , devilishly handsome ... principal mosster miss Richards and Dr. borman be here to tell you about the pitfall first hand ... Kristen step up to the lectern . kristen good morning , my name be Kristen Richards . I be a officer for the Miami juvenile parole board , as some of you already know ... Quick glance at Elena who roll she eye ... kristen but that 's not what bring I here today . when I hear about principal mosster 's sex education program I think I would volunteer my own personal story , in hope that you might learn from the mistake I make . back in High school all I want to do be get drunk , stone and laid ... the student roar they approval . kristen by my junior year , my life be a blur of cheap beer , anonymous sex , party every night of the week ... Elena cover she mouth , as if to cough ... elena ( through fake cough ) ... whore ... Kristen ignore the slur . 03/22/2004 5. kristen and then , one night at some pathetic frat party , someone slip a roofie in my drink ... and rape I . this quiet the auditorium . kristen there be not a day go by my skin do not crawl when I think of the violation and humiliation I endure . I can promise you that if you make the same kind of wrong - head choice I do , you will be see Dr. borman ... Chad step to the podium . chad thank you , miss Richards . my name 's Dr. Chad borman . I run the forensics lab at the police department , where my work have help convict hundred of sex offender . most teens like Ms. Richards never get they life together . the physical scar may go away , but the emotional damage stay forever . while Chad drone on , muddy , a gremlin -ey drooler , sit in front of Elena , look back at she shapely leg as she put they up on the back of the chair . he spot the ugly plastic bracelet lock around one of she ankle . muddy that 's not ... what I think it be , be it ? elena whattchya think it be , bitch ? the word catch in he throat . muddy one of they ... parole leash ... elena bingo . muddy so you can not , like , go more than ten mile from the cop shop ? Elena tap the flash red light on the plastic bracelet . 03/22/2004 6. elena five . I get someone 's panty in a bunch . back at the podium , Chad lean forward , make sure he word resonate with the student body . chad and as for the perpetrator of this heinous act , even if you be still a minor , you will be try as a adult , and , if convict , you will do hard time . he pause to let the impact of this wash over the student . chad be there any question ? elena ( call out ) yeah , I get one for miss Richards . kristen ask away . elena when they find the scumbag who take you precious flower of virginity , you sue he sorry ass , right ? Kristen be take aback by Elena 's insensitivity , stumble over she word , finally spitting out the sad , sorry truth ... kristen uh , no , actually , I be never able to make a positive id . all I remember be he alcohol - soak breath whisper in my ear , " you will not remember , but you will never forget ... " Elena crack a sideways grin ... elena so what you be really say be you fuck for free ... Kristen have no answer to that . principal mosster do he best to control the situation ... principal mosster miss sandoval . you be on thin ice , young lady ! like Elena care . she lean back , nod . job do . 7 . ext . blue BAY high diving pool - day the bright Florida sunshine wash down on pack bleacher by the side of the massive diving pool , where a diving meet be in full swing ... announcer ( v.o. ) Blue Bay High School would like to welcome all participate diving team from the tri-county region ... breathtake beauty from team all over the region , in they school color bikinis , be scattered around the pool area . but all eye be on the home team . masturbatory fantasy abound as the Blue Bay Girls ' dive team run through stretch ... and as exquisite as this girl be , they pale in comparison to absolutely sweet Marie , stun in she nearly see-through white bathing suit . announcer ( v.o. ) first up , district champion Marie clifford ... the crowd cheer , watch Marie edge out to the diving platform twenty foot above . Jenny right behind , wait on the ladder ... jay clifford , Marie 's chisel - jaw stepfather in he late thirty , focus a digital video camera on Marie from the front row of the bleacher ... jay c'mon now baby , you can do it ... Marie just roll she eye . jenny you stepfather 's just get a lot invest in the team . Marie look at she stepfather , nod tentatively , but then notice the incongruous figure of Elena , sidling up to he ... jay ( to Marie ) just try to keep that leg together . elena ( o.s. ) should not be a problem for miss teen virgin . 03/22/2004 8. jay look round , lower the camera when he come face to face with the world 's hot towel girl ... jay Excuse I ? elena you be Mr. clifford , right ? as in clifford construction ? jay I be , yes , but ... elena I would love to see one of you erection ... whoa . jay 's lose for word as he divert he attention to the platform where Marie stand perfectly still before step into the air . it 's a spectacular sight as the beautiful Marie complete a double back flip , enter the water with near- perfect form . she quickly resurface , climb out of the pool and exchange high fives with she teammate before crossing to jay . jay Nice take off , gotta work on the landing ... marie I can not do any better ... jay shake a finger at she , silence she immediately . jay no such word as ' can not . now do it again . only better ... Marie take a deep breath , approach the ladder once more . as she 's about to start the arduous climb , Elena hand she a towel ... elena Bet you choke . stop Marie in she track . marie what 's you major malfunction ? elena just want to make a wager . between best friend . 9 . Marie just start to climb the ladder to the high dive platform . elena you blow this dive , I get that diamond of yours . Marie stop , look down on Elena from the fifth rung of the ladder , shake she head ... marie how would you know about my inheritance ? elena talk of the town , birthday girl . today 's the day , right ? marie and what , pray tell , be you willing to wager when I win ? Elena think for a second , glance back at jay with a big smile . elena I will stay away from you stepfather . you make it , I will not be you new stepmom anytime soon . whattya say ? Marie just stand there incredulous for a moment . marie take you sorry ass back to the swamp . she ascend the ladder , leave Elena behind ... elena choke ! Marie clamber up onto the high dive platform , try to focus on the task at hand . but can not help but notice she nemesis below , walk slowly , seductively , up to jay , intoxicating he ... Marie block out the distraction , concentrate at the task at hand , step to the edge of the platform and the 20 foot drop loom beyond ... she slide a ring off she finger , kiss it for luck . it 's a odd design . four curve gold ridge , just ready to hold a diamond ... she throw the ring into the pool ahead of she , the gold glint in the afternoon sunlight as it drop into the water , and a split second before it break the surface , Marie be airborne ... 03/22/2004 10 . she twist magnificently through the air , a sight of breathtaking beauty . thank God this be in slow motion . and as she get ever closer to the water 's surface , she tuck , do one last back flip , straighten out at the last possible instant , slice through the water with nary a splash . Marie surface to roaring applause . tread water , she can not help but watch she jay 's smile face in the bleacher ... ext . clifford mansion - afternoon sickeningly expensive powerboat and de-rigge schooner line the inlet lead to the verdant lawn of the clifford mansion ... banner and streamer wishing Marie a happy birthday decorate the grounds . partygoer soak in the blaze Florida sun , sip at non - alcoholic punch , and stare out gratefully across the thin stretch of water that separate they from the riff-raff on the mainland ... Marie sit away from it all , lose in think , as Jenny , in cutoff and a bikini top , sidle up beside she . J enny what 's the matter , sweetie , piss that one judge only give you a 9.7 ? Marie force a smile . marie Nah . I be cool . jenny denial be not just a river in Egypt , babe . you get diamond on the mind . jay ( o.s. ) have either of you see my video camera ? Marie look round to she stepfather , shake she head , bring a bemuse look to jay 's face . jay I have it at the dive meet , I be sure ... he shrug , pick up a crystal glass , hit a fork sharply against it , draw the attention of the assemble partygoer ... jay lady , gentlemen , friend , raise a glass to Marie , on she eighteenth birthday . everyone raise they fine crystal . h 03/22/2004 11 . jay she 's become every inch of the woman she mother hope she would be . wherever she be now , Julie 's look down and smile . tear well in Marie 's eye ... jay and that 's why , on you eighteenth birthday , Marie , I know you mother want you to have ... he notice , out of the corner of he eye , two well - dress men stand at the entrance to he house . whoever they be , jay 's instantly unnerve . he stumble over he word ... jay ... she want you to have ... a wonderful birthday party surround by all you friend . e glance back toward the house , watch the two man enter ... jay please excuse I . ... and hurry after they . Marie be leave dumbfounded . so close , but so far ... marie jay ! what about my present ? she chase after he ... int . clifford mansion hallway - day Marie make she way down the sleek white corridor inside the opulent clifford mansion , past frame family photo , of jay , Marie and the late Julie ... marie jay ? h e's nowhere to be find . frustrate , Marie find herself alone in the kitchen . she angrily select a bottle of Champagne , pop the cork . before she can swig any alcohol she hear raise voice . jay ( o.s. ) it simply can not be do ... Marie tentatively edge out of the kitchen , back into the hallway , and down towards jay 's study ... 12 . jay ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) in all construction there 's delay . Marie sidle up to the door jam , peak through the crack . what she see make the blood run cold in she vein ... a impose Cuban businessman , mr . barajas , stand threateningly over a visibly frighten jay . another man , cicatriz , dress in designer silk , stand menacingly in the corner , clearly the brawn of this little operation . mr. barajas four month be not a delay . it 's a disaster . jay you have my word , Mr. barajas , the building be almost finish . just give I a week , two top . barajas nod to cicatriz , who move in on jay with lightning quickness , hold a razor sharp knife against he thumb . mr. barajas we be long past the negotiation stage . cicatriz run the steel blade across jay 's thumb . Marie have to cover she mouth from scream as she see a trickle of blood stain the spotless white carpet . mr. barajas ( cont 'd ) for every day the building go unfinish , we will take a finger ... a sinister grin stretch across cicatriz 's lip . cicatriz pray , Mr. clifford , you finish before the eleventh day ... and with that the Cuban man head to the door . Marie scramble away , she heart pound ... she 's halfway down the hallway when Mr. barajas and cicatriz exit jay 's study . she turn , try to look innocent as the Cuban ' businessman ' stare she down . J ay appear in the doorway , sweat cascade from he brow . jay Marie ! should not you be with you friend ? a 03/22/2004 13 . marie I be just ... cicatriz take a step towards she . jay ( to Marie ) I will be right there . with you gift ... just ... wait outside , ok ? Marie back away , never take she eye off the intimidating Cuban man ... ext . clifford mansion - afternoon Marie stumble down the lawn , past the semi-clad partygoer , in a daze , as she take hit from the bottle of champagne . Jenny and the dive team wait by the dock , and welcome they lose sheep with open arm . jenny so ? do you get the key ? be you Blue Bay 's richest bitch ? Marie 's thought be drown out by the roar of a powerful engine . all attention turn to a rusted motorcycle as it streak across the verdant lawn , leave a spray of mud in its wake . no atop the bike ... Elena , in skintight leather . jenny Holy shit , who invite she ? Marie 's slightly drunken eye narrow . Elena bring the bike to a screeching halt inch from the surprised guest . the ultimate partycrasher ... marie this be a private party ... elena do not mind I . I be not here for you stupid party . she 's stride towards the mansion , towards jay who 's stand at the patio door , a exquisitely wrap present in he hand . marie get the hell outta here ! now ! Marie stumble after Elena , grab she from behind , hold she back . there 's a tense moment before ... 03/22/2004 14 . elena damn girl , whattcha be drink ? marie stay away from my stepfather ! elena make I ... and that 's it . Marie lash out with a haymaker punch . connect on Elena 's jaw and she go reeling back . but it 's ignite the street fighter in she , and she come roaring back into the fray , ramming into Marie and together they tumble to the ground ... T he crowd gather to watch the cat-fight , in equal part appal and arouse . it 's a hair pull , tooth gnash , make up smear wrestle match , no hold bar . the drunken Marie have the upper hand , the alcohol fueling she rage . jay ( o.s. ) what the hell 's go on here ? and that stop the fight right there and then . Marie look up to see a red face jay stand over she . marie this ... trash be just look for a meal ticket ... Elena get to she foot , lick the blood from she split lip . elena Mr. clifford . betcha proud of little Marie now , huh ? he haul Marie to she foot , thrust she towards the mansion . jay Party 's over . groan from the crowd , but jay 's mind be make up . marie but ... what about ... my present ... jay 's already walk away . jay I be go to the condo . sleep it off , whydontcha ? Elena watch jay stride away , like a lioness stalking she prey ... 03/22/2004 15 . ext . team clifford build site - night work light illuminate the half finish condo building site , on prime beachfront real estate . this place would sell for million , if they be ever finish ... int . team clifford build office - night in a concrete makeshift office , on the top floor of the condo building , jay click open the lock on he large metal safe and the steel door swing open . Inside be stack of cash , pile high , along with a shiny new handgun . jay flick through the money , shaking he head ... jay ( sotto ) not enough . just not enough ... a clanking noise from outside have he quickly snatching the gun from the safe , before close it once more , spin the lock ... int . team clifford build - continuous jay walk out of he office , into the half - finish top floor of the condo . expose beam and drying cement reveal how far behind schedule jay really be ... J ay hello ? anyone there ? he swing the gun round impotently , see nothing in the flicker florescent light ... finally jay lower the weapon . it look like he might collapse , until he catch himself , palm flat against the wall , head down . jay ( cont 'd ) fuck I ... elena ( o.s. ) any time . any place ... he reel around , see Elena move toward he , brush aside the thick plastic sheet . she have a bottle of beer in one hand , a video camera in the other . jay 's video camera to be precise ... jay what be you do here ? elena you promise to show I you erection ... 03/22/2004 16 . Elena focus the video camera on jay 's crotch . make he incredibly uncomfortable , obviously . jay be that my ... camera ? Elena thrust the bottle of beer at jay . elena lighten up , jay . jay take the bottle from she , set it down on the concrete floor . jay enough 's enough . I think it 's time you leave . this bring a teasing pout to Elena 's lip . elena be that any way to treat Marie 's new best friend ? jay 's take aback . jay you be best friend be you ? elena sure . we have be have sleepover . talk about boy , swapping tip . she 's be teach I about shopping , I have be teach she about give mind blow head ... jay 's take aback once more . how much more aback can he be take ? he reach out and block the video camera lens . jay gimme the camera back ... Elena saunter slowly past , brush up against he . keeps the camera train on he worried face ... elena come get it . jay 's reach he elastic limit . he reach for the camera , but Elena will not let go . they wrestle for control of the video camera . and finally the camera slip from both they grasp , fly across the room and shatter on the concrete floor ... 03/22/2004 17 . elena ( slyly ) oooppppp . Elena run she finger under jay 's chin , then turn and walk away , leave jay stand there , all take aback . ext . team clifford build - night a drunken Marie bring she BMW to a swerving halt outside the construction site . she take a swig from the Champagne bottle on the passenger seat for dutch courage ... marie ( sotto ) it 's present time . she reach for the car door handle , but come up short . when she look back up she 's in for some take aback of she own ... Elena come walk out of the building site , and the two girl lock eye . there 's a uncomfortable moment before Elena flash a satisfied smile and walk away ... marie what the hell ... Marie 's about to get out of she car when jay come walk out of the site , look around the lot , see Marie 's car . jay what be you do here at this time of night ? Marie stammer to find the word ... marie I just ... want to apologize for my behavior earlier . I be out of line . jay 's mood lighten . jay when we admit we mistake we grow . you have make a important step . marie so ... what about my present ? jay meet I at the Museum . before school tomorrow . now go home , get some sleep , I be gonna finish up here ... 03/22/2004 18. he walk away and a smile creep across Marie 's face . fade to black : int . museum - morning a perfect rainbow be trap inside the two flawless mother daughter diamond , glint in the morning sun . Marie can barely contain she excitement as she pace frantically in the dark marble museum hall , reach out a tremble hand towards the glass case contain the priceless jewel ... jay ( o.s. ) you really think you be ready for you inheritance ? Marie look round to see jay stride into the Museum , still in the same clothes as yesterday ... marie it be ... it be what Mom want ... jay look at she sternly . jay you be the only one who can open that lock , but I be the one with the key . she want you to have the diamond when you be responsible enough to know what to do with they ... m marie I be ...responsible ... jay shake he head slowly , deliberately . jay really ? underage drink , pry into my personal affair , fight ... marie but they be mine . Mom leave they to I . jay they be yours when I say they be yours . for the time be , I have get some major problem at the construction site . deadline have to be meet . we will talk again when you have do some grow up . jay put a arm around he stepdaughter , start walk she back towards the massive wooden door . m 03/22/2004 19 . jay please , do not fight I on this . we be team clifford , remember ? marie ( without conviction ) team clifford ... she 's stick in a awkward embrace with she step Father ... ext . museum - morning jay lead Marie down the stone step outside the quaint Museum building . but as they approach he car they be hit by ... blue and red flashing light . the whine of siren have jay spin around in surprise , look over to see four Police cruiser come to a screeching halt ... marie what the hell ? half a dozen of Blue Bay 's finest , lead by the dash young officer entwistle , draw they badge , approach jay . officer entwistle Mr. clifford ? jay can I help you , Officer ? officer entwistle you be under arrest on suspicion of rape . jay 's jaw drop to the ground . jay there must be some mistake , this be not possible ... marie jay , what 's go on ? entwistle put a powerful hand on jay , lead he to the first Police cruiser . J ay call my lawyer , tell he to meet I down the station . this be outrageous ... entwistle get into the Police car 's passenger seat . 03/22/2004 20 . jay I do not do anything , I swear . officer entwistle I be afraid she 's get a different story . jay who 's ' she ' ? int . blue BAY PD interview room - day Elena pace the sterile interview room like a cage tiger . she stop in front of the two way mirror , examine she reflection ... tentatively she reach out a tremble finger touch the scab on she lip , cover the wound Marie inflicted at the party . and slowly Elena start to press on the cut , until the blood start to flow once more ... there 's a quiet knock on the door and Elena quickly lower she hand , look round ... Kristen Richards , the young parole Officer who so heart wrenchingly tell she story at Blue Bay High earlier , come quietly into the gray room . kristen Elena . Elena just look up at she pitifully . kristen could you tell I what happen ? through stifle sob , Elena state ... elena it be jay clifford . he rape I ... the interview room door swing open and detective michael morrison , 30' , enter . he 's the personification of the term " overworked , underpaid . " morrison you understand the seriousness of this allegation , young lady ? Elena nod weakly . morrison and you know that we will leave no stone un - turn in the investigation . 21 . morrison ( cont 'd ) there will be a battery of forensics test you will have to take , humiliate stuff . and background check , digging up all kind of dirt . and you will have to testify in court , face the man you be accuse ... crocodile tear roll down Elena 's cheek . morrison you sure you want to go through with this ? no harm , no foul , you can just walk away right now .... Kristen interject ... kristen please , detective , this be not the right time ... elena I be not lie . you think I be lie ? Kristen turn to she young ward ... kristen if you be tell the truth , you will not find a more sympathetic ear ... elena ' if ' I be tell the truth ... kristen and if you be not , there 's gonna be trouble , you understand ? morrison this be already trouble . the man you be accuse happen to be a friend of mine , and when the DNA test prove you be lie I be gonna come down on you like a ton of brick , mark my word ... Elena wither under he glare ... int . blue BAY PD interview room - day jay huddle in the small interview room along with Marie and Theo bloom , he sharp suite attorney . Theo we be gonna sue they ass till time run backwards ... 03/22/2004 22. jay ( to Marie ) you have gotta believe I , I would never , could never do anything like this , you know that do not you ? Marie take he hand , squeeze it . marie we be team clifford . jay force a tired smile ... jay that 's my girl . the door swing open and morrison enter ... morrison jay. Marie . Mr. Bloom ... jay stand , shake morrison 's hand . morrison ( to Marie ) would you mind wait outside while I and you stepdad have a little chat ... Marie look to jay , do not want to leave . jay it 's ok honey . Michael and I be old pal ... reluctantly she leave , let the door swing close after she . jay sit back down . morrison take a chair opposite . jay how 's the divorce treat you ? morrison she 's take I for everything I be worth . I swear to God , I be never trust another woman as long as I live . T heo intervene ... Theo this be most egregious , detective , my client have press matter at he construction site . he can not afford to waste time with this frivolous nonsense ... 03/22/2004 23. morrison ( to jay ) look , we be take she statement right now , gonna run every forensic test in the book . guarantee the case will come apart like a $ 2 watch ... jay nod , certain he can beat this rap ... jay she have my camcorder . record what happen . it should still be at the construction site . it will clear my name ... morrison nod . morrison you will be outta here by tonight . int . blue BAY PD hallway - day Marie wait out in the anonymous hallway , talk a mile - a-minute on she cell phone ... marie ( on phone ) I can not believe it , Jenny ... it just do not make sense ... I mean , I know jay ... I know he would never ... when a door down the hall open she look up expectantly , only to see Kristen come out , walk towards she , follow by someone . Marie 's view be block by Kristen until the parole Officer pass she and reveal ... Elena . marie this can not be ... a look somewhere between horror and shock be etched on Marie 's beautiful face . Elena just smile , blow she a kiss . elena no such word as ' can not ' ... ext . team clifford build - day Police car line the driveway outside the beach front building site . officer cordon off the road as forensics team photograph every inch of the building ... stand amidst the crowd of onlooker be a irate Mr. barajas , accompany , as ever , by cicatriz . they be both on cellphone , both talk angry , fast Spanish . 03/22/2004 24 . int . team clifford build - night plastic sheet cover the windowless top floor of the unfinish condo . the white suite forensics team work meticulously , lead by the tireless Dr. Chad borman , delicately dusting anything and everything that might yield evidence ... morrison stand at the edge of a area cordon off by police tape . he 's look at jay 's smashed digital video camera , now bag and tag as evidence ... kristen ( o.s. ) sexual predator often keep a trophy ... morrison spin , see Kristen . he stumble with he word , not use to talk to beautiful woman ... morrison I be sorry ? kristen maybe he record the rape . morrison look at the remain of the camera . morrison and maybe he do not . we will never know . tape 's mangle . forensics say it would take month to fix it . he look up into Kristen 's hypnotic eye . morrison we be never properly introduce . Michael morrison . she offer she hand , and morrison shake it . kristen miss Richards . Kristen . Miami parole . be just in town for a couple day check in on some parolee when all this go down ... she hand morrison a business card , which he absently stuff into he pocket ... morrison you think maybe you could lean on the girl ? get she to drop this nonsense ? we all know she 's lie . with all this Black widow shit go down , we just do not have the time or manpower to ... 03/22/2004 25 . kristen she might not be lie , you know . morrison what make you think that ? kristen just a look in she eye . I ... I have some experience ... morrison do not want to push she further ... all of a sudden the sunlight be block from the massive unfinish floor by black sheet erect by the forensics team , leave everyone in pitch darkness .... morrison what the hell ? slowly a eerie ultra violet glow fill the room . the white suite forensics technician , glow under the black light , wait patiently for evidence to show itself ... suddenly the clear imprint of hand on the wall become clear , along with the black stain of blood fleck ... chad gotcha ... morrison what be it ? chad blood , fingerprint , sign of a struggle . I would say we have get a rape on we hand , detective , but we will not know for sure until we run the test ... morrison 's head be spin ... morrison Fine . just do it ... int . blue BAY forensics lab - night Elena sit on the edge of a gurney in the high tech forensics lab , rub she arm where a band - aid cover a fresh needle mark . Chad appear at the doorway and she stare dagger at he . elena you vampire really need five pint of my blood ? that 's like a armful ... 03/22/2004 26 . Chad 's surprised by she venom . chad it 's standard procedure in a rape test . test for drug and such ... elena and such . she continue to pace as Chad make he way into the room , round the desk and take down a plastic beaker from the metal shelf . chad we be go to need a urine sample . do you think you could fill this ? elena from here ? Chad go red . put the plastic cup down on the desk and Elena grab it . C have if ... you would not mind ... remove you clothes . I will leave the room , give you some priv ... the breath catch in Chad 's throat as Elena take she shirt off without hesitation . stands there in just she black bra . elena done. next ? Chad 's jaw drop . not just because Elena 's in she underwear , but because of the clear bite mark on she neck and arm ... chad that be ... elena bite mark . he chow down . chad they be clear evidence marker ... he reach out , grab a Polaroid camera from the desk , start snap away like a ornithologist at a bird convention . the flash of the camera fill the room ... 03/22/2004 27 . ext . courthouse - day flashbulb explode as Marie accompany she stepfather up the step of the austere Blue Bay courthouse , surround by a gaggle of sound bite hungry pressmen ... reporter 1 any comment , Mr. clifford ? jay put he hand up to block the intrusive lense . he disappear quickly into the shelter of the courthouse . reporter 2 ( to Marie ) do you stepfather rape that girl ? how could he do something like that ? Marie stop in she track , wheel around and address the throng of reporter ... marie jay ... be innocent ... say it like she mean it ... int . courthouse - day the pack courthouse be abuzz and the elderly judge wilcox be force to slam he gavel down ... judge wilcox order ! jay sit at the defendant 's table , suit impeccable , hair immaculate , game face on . theo sit beside he , scribbling note . Marie be in the front row of the gallery , surround by she coiffure peer . she try to smile stoically at jay ... Kristen sit beside Elena at the prosecution table . C have be on the stand as arlo meese , 35 , the slick District Attorney , step forward . d.a. meese Dr. borman , do you test show that Elena sandoval have sexual intercourse on the night of the 25th ? chad yes they do . d.a. meese do they show that it be force ? 03/22/2004 28. chad yes . there be extensive bruise and tear . we find no semen evidence . the latex abrasion point to the use of protection . this be quite common in case of premeditate rape . d.a. meese and what can you tell we about miss sandoval 's toxicology report , Doctor ? chad come back positive for rohypnol , a common date rape drug . traces be also find on the bottle of beer at the crime scene . both Mr. clifford and miss sandoval 's fingerprint be all over the bottle . jay I take it from she . she be far too young to be drink ! a slam of the gavel silence jay . d.a. meese Dr. borman I be go to show you what 's be mark as state 's exhibit number 1 . he nod to the bailiff and a projector whir to life . a evidence photo that Chad take of Elena 's wound be display on a screen beside he . d.a. meese what do this slide show ? chad miss sandoval be find to have numerous bite mark on she upper torso that occur during the rape . judge wilcox what about that other marking ? Chad look confuse , study the slide , see four equidistant dot align in a small circle . chad I be not able to determine ... fingernail marking , possibly ... judge wilcox ( to meese ) please continue . 03/22/2004 29 . Marie can barely breathe ... d.a. meese I be go to show you another slide that 's be mark as state 's exhibit number 2 . meese nod to the bailiff , who dutifully change the slide . the court go dark for a second before the next slide be display ... it 's a close up of jay 's tooth moulding compare to the bite mark ... d.a. meese what can you tell we about this moulding ? chad they be make from the defendant 's tooth , and the test I conduct show there 's simply no other conclusion . the bite mark on miss sandoval 's body be make by the defendant , Mr. jay clifford ... that 's it . the Court erupt , flashbulb explode . jay slump back in he chair , he air of cool go in a instant . he look back at Marie , utter disbelief on he face . the tear well in she eye ... the judge bang he gavel in a vain attempt to regain control . judge wilcox Court 's adjourned ... int . blue BAY PD - night tv news gleefully report jay 's trial like a sordid soap opera ... reporter ( on tv ) ... in the face of damn evidence , jay clifford remain defiant . it 's think that he stepdaughter , Marie clifford will testify in he defense tomorrow . and in other news , official from the FBI give a press conference today , comment on they involvement in the Black widow case ... a walk suit , agent milton dammer , step up to the podium . agent dammer ( on tv ) after numerous mistake on behalf of the local authority in Blue Bay , the FBI be mobilize its task force ... k 03/22/2004 30 . click . morrison toss the tv remote aside , sit down behind he desk , pile high with file , mostly mark black widow , and reach down to pick up jay 's break video camera , still in the evidence bag ... kristen ( o.s. ) it 's a long shot . morrison look up , smile faintly when he see Kristen at the door . morrison not a fan of ' hey , how you do ' , be you ? Kristen smile , enter morrison 's cluttere office . kristen use to play at be a spider when I be a kid , creep around silently . guess I have not grow out of it . morrison shake the break camera part in the evidence bag . m orrison it 's the only thing stand between my friend and a ten year stretch ... kristen the forensics lab will have time to look at it now ... the fed have take over the Black widow case ... morrison goddamn gloryhound . they know I be close . they just want to come in and take all the credit . risten you get a chance , detective . to help you friend . do not let this case slip away as well ... morrison tighten he jaw , know what he have to do . int . blue BAY PD forensics lab - night the forensics lab be cramme with evidence bag and file . Chad be work diligently , painstakingly scan a stack of $ 100 bill one by one . he barely have time to look round when the door open and detective morrison come in ... 03/22/2004 31 . morrison Chad , I get a rush job for you . Chad roll he eye . chad no can do , boss . we be sifting through the Black widow evidence ... morrison fed be movin ' in . they will be take over by the case by the end of the week . Chad 's dumbstruck , but dutifully take the shattered video camera . morrison you find anything on that tape , you let I know , ok ? chad whatever you say , boss . morrison and make sure you get that money back into the evidence locker . a no Chad 's leave alone with the shattered remain of the video camera , and a whole shit load of work ahead ... fade to black : ext . blue BAY high school swimming pool - day the early morning sun cast a brilliant orange glow over the smooth - as-glass surface of the school swim pool . Marie step back up onto the high diving platform . tries to focus . slide the soon-to- be-diamond ring off she finger and throw it tentatively into the water ... she take a breath and then dive , straight and true , into the perfect blue water below . ext . underwater - continuous Marie 's lithe , teach body come arcing through the water , darting down to the bottom of the pool to retrieve the ring ... ext . blue BAY high school swimming pool - continuous Marie surface , reach out and put the ring on the side of the pool , before look up to see a old pair of sneaker , a electronic ankle bracelet lock around one leg . 03/22/2004 32. elena Nice take off . gotta work on the landing ... Marie 's blood boil . marie what the hell be you do here ? Elena just reach down and pick up Marie 's unfinish ring . elena look like you bling be not bling ... marie give I that back . it be my mother 's ... Marie climb out of the pool , face down with Elena ... elena look like she get rip off princess , where 's the rock ? Marie snatch the ring from Elena , slide it back on she finger . marie be that what this be all about ? Elena reach out , try to stroke the wet hair off Marie 's face . she recoil before she will let Elena touch she ... elena you be not a dumb as you look ... J enny , follow by the rest of the diving team , come march out of the locker room and see the two arch -enemy confront each other . jenny ( to she team mate ) we get trouble ... Elena will not back down . marie you be ruin my life , and my stepfather 's . elena it can end . just like that . she snap she finger and Marie 's on the verge of tear ... 03/22/2004 33. Jenny and the rest of the diving team approach , stand behind Marie , a seethe mass of bikini-clad mindless hate ... marie why be you do this ? elena because I can . as she turn and walk away ... elena ( cont 'd ) good luck in court . int . blue BAY courtroom - day the usual assortment of paparazzi and spectator crowd into the small courtroom . Marie be on the witness stand , stare straight ahead at she stepfather at the defendant 's table . go be the immaculate suit , the perfect hair , the poker face . he 's look worried now ... theo pace in front of Marie , run she through a series of well - rehearse question . Theo and why do you go to you stepfather 's building site that night , miss clifford ? marie it be my birthday . jay leave the party before give I my present . Theo and you say you see miss sandoval leave ? Marie take a moment , look to Elena at the prosecution table . marie I do . Theo and how would you describe she appearance ? marie she be ... she look fine . she smile at I . actually smile ... Theo no further question . 03/22/2004 34 . he take a seat next to jay , whisper in he ear . d.a. meese start he cross-examination . d.a. meese would it be fair to say you do not like Elena sandoval , miss clifford ? m marie we do not see ... eye to eye ... d.a. meese be that why you attack she at you party earlier that night ? Marie squirm . marie no ... I be ... she be not invite ... d.a. meese you would have a few drink , correct ? marie ( reluctantly ) I would have a drink . yes . d.a. meese so by the time you allege to have see miss sandoval , could you tell the court exactly how much you would have to drink ? marie a glass of Champagne . or two , but ... d.a. meese no further question . jay sink a few inch lower in he seat . go down ... int . blue BAY forensics lab - day a bleary eye Chad sit in front of a bank of monitor , work the image enhancement equipment , fight to get a watchable picture from the fuzzy static in front of he . Kristen sit behind he , fight to stay awake . chad ( to himself ) take out the chroma , raise the luminescence ... he clumsily reach over the control panel , hit almost every button on the way . and that do the trick ... 03/22/2004 35 . suddenly the picture on the monitor become clear . Kristen 's eye snap open . kristen h oly shit ... the pixilate image of Elena smile come into focus on the tv ... kristen ( cont 'd ) call detective morrison . now ... scene omitted int . judge's chamber - day the shaky , pixilate image of Elena smile flicker on the tv . soon enough though she smile fade ... elena ( on tape ) you be kid right ? jay 's voice can be hear behind the camera ... jay ( o.s. on tape ) C 'mon now baby , you can do it ... the video show Elena cower ... elena ( on tape ) please ... you can not do this ... jay ( o.s on tape ) no such word as can not ... a hand reach out from behind the video camera and grab Elena , throw she violently against a concrete wall . jay ( o.s. on tape ) fuck I ... a flurry of movement that go in and out of focus . when the camera steady again , Elena 's hand be press against the wall and she 's sobbing ... E lena ( on tape ) please , Mr. clifford , do not ... jay ( o.s on tape ) just try to keep that leg together ... and then static ... 03/22/2004 36 . pull back from the tv we find ourselves in the courtroom , completely empty , save for jay , theo , meese and judge wilcox all stare in shock at the blank tv screen ... d.a. meese if Mr. clifford would plead guilty to rape , the state be prepare to drop the charge of kidnap and assault . judge wilcox ( to jay ) if I be you I would seriously consider the offer . int . county jail visiting room - day in the cold stone jail visit room , jay sit behind the wire mesh , a emotion Marie and theo opposite . the prison guard wait by the bar door , keep he beady eye on jay . jay I be gonna lose this trial . Theo I be not so sure about that . the tape 's a fake , right ? so all we need to do be ... jay hold up a hand , instantly silencing he attorney . jay you have you chance . ( to Marie ) if we be gonna win at all cost , we be gonna have to change the game . ( to theo ) do you have it ? theo nod regretfully , reach into a breast pocket , pull out a key . Theo I be still dead set against this , jay . jay I could not care less . marie what 's the key for ? jay the diamond ... if that 's what it take , then that 's what it take ... 03/22/2004 37 . marie but ... they be my inheritance ... jay all my asset be tie up in the condo , Marie . we have to pay this girl off , make she testify that she fake the tape , fake the evidence . marie but , jay ... they be my diamond ... jay as soon as I be out of here , you will have they back . I swear . I know people , who can ... persuade she to hand they over ... Marie shoot a uncomfortable look to theo , then back at jay , uncertain what to say . marie I t's wrong . jay more wrong than what she 's do to we ? we be team clifford , right ? you know I be not guilty . you know I could never do anything like this . so do the right thing and get I out of this hellhole ... Marie 's crack ... marie I can not ... jay ( tenderly ) no such word as ' can not . ' please ... the tear well in she eye . int . museum - night the key slip easily into the lock below the dazzle mother daughter diamond . the alarm disabled , Marie 's finally able to reach inside the glass case and touch the priceless gem ... the curator stand behind she in the empty Museum hall , ruefully watch he prize exhibit be remove . curator I know the day would come , still do not make it any easier ... 03/22/2004 38. Marie , tear welling in she eye , take a hold of the diamond , carefully take they from the case . curator the offer still stand , Marie . if you ever decide to sell they , please give we a first chance ... Marie turn to he , the emotion overwhelming she . marie I do not think I will be able to , I be sorry ... she scamper towards the door , past the security guard . curator ( sotto ) I too ... ext . the gator trailer park - night theo 's suv drive carefully down the mud path run parallel to the swamp , past countless rusted airboat , and into the ' gator ' trailer park , finally come to a halt in front of Elena 's rotting trailer . theo get out carefully , he $ 1000 shoe sink into the mud . Marie reluctantly step out of the car ... a blind porch light flick on . theo and Marie spin round , squint through the light to see Elena stand in she trailer doorway ... E lena well , well , well . look what the cat drag in ... ( to theo ) da know you be here ? theo squirm ... marie we need to talk . elena so talk . Theo somewhere private , maybe ? 03/22/2004 39 . int . elena' trailer - night a elderly man , uncle marty , in a sweat - stain T-shirt and ratty underwear , snore on the tatter recliner , a half - drunk bottle of whisky hang from one limp hand ... theo freeze when he see he ... Theo who 's this ? elena uncle marty . legal Guardian . drunken pervert , take you pick . chill . he 's out till morning . uncle marty 's deafen snore confirm the assertion as Elena lead they into she bedroom ... marie let 's just get this over with . ( to Elena ) you win . you get what you want ... elena ( mock ) I just want justice ... Theo tomorrow you will take the stand , tell the jury you fake the evidence , fake the tape ... elena ( sarcastic ) really ? marie we be prepare to make it worth you while . she hold the daughter diamond in front of Elena 's greedy little eye . elena ( poker face ) not bad . but I always want a family ... theo nudge Marie . she sigh , hold out the mother diamond in the other hand . a broad grin stretch across Elena 's face . F 03/22/2004 40 . Theo they be yours after you exonerate my client . elena I be afraid I be gonna need that payment up front . marie no , that 's not the deal . elena it be now . take it or leave it . Marie take a deep breath . it 's the most difficult thing she 's ever have to do in she young life . Dead silence , except for uncle marty 's snore from the front room . inally , with a very heavy heart , Marie hand over the diamond . Theo when this be all over , you will leave town . for good . Elena point to the ankle bracelet . elena I go more than five mile from the police station and I be straight back in juvie ... Theo I understand you parole term be up next week . Elena smile . elena you have do you homework . fine. ( point to the ankle bracelet ) as soon as this thing come off , I be outta here ... she reach down and grab the diamond . dance past Marie ... Theo May I suggest a little discretion , miss sandoval . certain ... question might be ask about this ... arrangement if you be to ...say ... turn up to Blue Bay High wear a tiara ... Elena wink . 03/22/2004 41. elena I be not gonna flaunt it , mate . I got too much class for that shit . marie you be go to tell the truth on the stand tomorrow , yes ? Elena raise she right hand ... elena I swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth ... int . courtroom - day the court bailiff nod , take the Bible from Elena 's hand . she 's dress in the close thing to a modest suit she have in she wardrobe ; a low cut jacket and tiny miniskirt ... the courtroom be pack with journalist , tv camera and nosey neighbor . everyone want a piece of this story . at the defendant 's table , jay , slick once more in armani , watch theo approach the witness box with a new-found confidence . sitting in the front row of the public gallery , Marie be rivete on the action . at the back of the courtroom , Kristen fidget nervously beside morrison as theo step up , ready to question the newly compliant star witness in this sensational rape trial ... Theo it 's you assertion that my client , Mr. clifford forcibly sexually assault you on the night of the 25th . be that true ? a hushed silence . Marie , jay , theo all wait expectantly ... Theo be that what you say happen ? Elena clear she throat . elena he ... he do not ... a collective intake of breath from the crowd . elena .... just sexually assault I . theo 's ball shrink instantly . 03/22/2004 42. Theo what ... do you just say ? elena he do not just sexually assault I . he threaten to kill I if I tell anyone ... T he court be on the verge of erupting into anarchy . theo 's reeling , catch off -guard , stumbling over he word , try to give the girl one last chance to make good on she promise . Theo be not it true that you be inebriated during the assault , that it may not in fact have be Mr. clifford ... or anyone ? a smirk meese do not even bother to stand up . d.a. meese objection . lead the witness . judge wilcox sustain . Council will please rephrase the question . theo 's stump . his eye plead with Elena to take the ball and run with it . she do . unfortunately it 's to the wrong end zone . elena I be mess up , alright . in fact , only two thing I remember . one be that bastard jay clifford taping I with that goddamn video camera while he violate I . the other be what he whisper in my ear , right before I black out ... she pause , for emphasis . judge , jury , gallery , press corps , the town of Blue Bay , the state of Florida hang on she every word ... elena he say , " you will not remember , but you will never forget . " that 's it . the court go berserk , flashbulb explode , along with the vein in jay 's head . Kristen 's reeling from shock ... kristen ( to morrison ) what do she just say ? Marie leap to she foot , scream ... 03/22/2004 43. marie lying bitch ! Marie have to be restrain , try to break through the crowd to claw Elena 's tear stain eye out ... int . team clifford build - night a small Television blare out today 's top story ... action news anchor the young victim 's wrenching testimonial prove to be the final nail in the coffin for jay clifford . it take less than a hour for the jury to deliberate and sentence Mr. clifford to 15 year . T V camera witness jay be lead away in handcuffs ... jay ( on tv ) you can not do this to I ! you can not ... you can 't ! click . the tv turn off . Marie sit huddle in jay 's unfinish concrete building site office , stare at the darken television set . mascara laden tear track line she perfect face . marie ( mumble ) no such thing as can not ... she let the champagne bottle slip through she finger and it smashes on the concrete floor . strangely the dregs of the champagne start run down the floor ... Marie 's heart suddenly skip a beat as she think she hear the rustling of plastic from outside the office . marie who 's there ? no answer . she steel herself , get shakily to she foot , stumbling drunkenly toward the door ... ext . elena' trailer - night Kristen stand in the darken doorway of Elena 's less - than - welcoming trailer . she knock . kristen Elena . open up . 03/22/2004 44 . no answer . she try the door handle . it 's unlock . she take a deep breath , step inside . int . elena' trailer - night Kristen flip on a light switch . the room be illuminate for a split second before the bulb surge and burn out , leave Kristen in the near-darkness ... kristen Elena ? hello ? she take out a flashlight , creep through the front room , step over the discard pizza box and assort detritus . the beam of light find a small blue pill nestle in the carpete . Kristen pick it up , slide it into she pocket ... int . team clifford build - night Marie step cautiously through the unfinish concrete top floor , past the crime scene tape . in the dim light , she eye dart to every corner , every shadow . S he let out a surprised shout as the room be suddenly plunge into darkness . slowly the eerie forensic ultra violet light switch on , fill the room with black light . and with a knot grow in the pit of she stomach , Marie slowly turn , come face to face with ... Elena , she arch-nemesis ... int . elena' trailer - night Kristen move slowly into Elena 's bedroom , shine she light on the wall . what she see make the blood run chill in she vein . barely able to breathe , she take out she cell phone . kristen ( into phone ) detective morrison ... int . team clifford build - night Elena and Marie stare each other down . you could cut the tension with a chainsaw , until ... marie who invite you ? 03/22/2004 45 . a sinister grin spread across Elena 's face as she hold up the breathtaking mother - daughter diamond , reflect a unearthly glow under the UV light . elena mother and daughter ... this bring a mile - wide smile to Marie as she dance into Elena 's arm . they lip come together in a passionate kiss as they hand dance over each other 's tremble body . when they finally break ... marie I be sure you would blow it on the stand , go on about forget and remember . elena gotta make it seem authentic . God 's in the detail . and they kiss again , lip lock tighter than jay 's jail cell ... ext . elena' trailer - night morrison 's unmark sedan pull to a stop beside Kristen 's car , and the harry detective step out , look extremely unhappy . morrison this could not wait ' till morning , miss Richards ? kristen call I Kristen ... morrison the fed just arrive to take over the Black widow case , I be up to my knee in paperwork ... k risten you remember what Elena say , right at the end of the trial . " you will not remember ... " morrison ( finish ) " ... but you will never forget . " what about it ? kristen Elena 's fuck with we . 03/22/2004 46 . int . team clifford build - night Elena and Marie be lock in they carnal embrace , fail to notice the florescent light flicker back on . suddenly Elena feel the sharp pain of tooth bite into she neck ... she look down to see dental alginate molding of jay 's tooth be hold by a smile Chad . chad mind if Chad join ? the girl look up to see a beam Chad , hold the tooth molding . Elena just shake she head ... elena fuck I ... Chad work the spring hinge of the denture like a derange ventriloquist act ... chad any time . any place ... he set the denture down on the concrete floor , and take in the sight of the magnificent diamond . chad ( be : diamond ) two beauty ... ( turn to Marie and Elena ) two beauty ... he and Elena help Marie out of she blouse while Elena run she hand all over he ... int . elena' trailer - night morrison and Kristen 's flashlight cut through the darkness as they move back into Elena 's bedroom . morrison just so you know , this be call ' break and enter ' ... kristen I know all about it . especially have something steal ... morrison like what ? W 03/22/2004 47 . they get into the bedroom and morrison 's jaw go slack as Kristen shine she light on the wall ... kristen like my life ... the wall be cover with newspaper clipping , all concern Kristen 's rape : " Police unable to find frat house rapist , " " teenage victim want ' justice ' in rape case , " " ' you may not remember , but you will never forget , ' only thing victim remember " k risten tear some of the article off the wall . kristen once a thief , always a thief ... they suddenly freeze as the front door swing open , the blood run cold in they vein as uncle marty stumble inside . they hold they breath , praying he do not see they , stand in Elena 's doorway . uncle marty just mumble something incoherent and collapse face first onto the couch , out like a light ... int . team clifford build - night Chad reach into a evidence bag fill with blue pill . he remove three ... chad Little blue pill . one of the perk of the job . laughter as the girl 's accept the roofies , swallow they like candy . Chad gulp down the third as Elena begin to run she hand up and down Marie 's back and shoulder . Chad 's hand be all over Marie as he help slip off she bra . Elena 's lip move hungrily across Chad 's face , until they find he mouth . they kiss deeply . hen they pull apart , Chad help Elena pull off she t-top , as Marie run she hand up and down Elena 's bare back . Elena turn back to she with a mischievous grin . elena you will not remember ... marie but you will never forget . damn straight . ( 03/22/2004 48. ext . county jail - day the early morning sun illuminate a massive slab of windowless concrete surround by barb wire in the middle of nowhere ... int . county jail - morning jay take a seat on a uncomfortable metal chair in front of bullet - proof glass . he 's half the man he use to be , break , tremble , smoking like a chimney . his mind 's still a steel trap , just one that 's rusted shut . he pick up the two - way phone ... Theo ( into phone ) Mr. clifford , this be Kristen Richards , Elena sandoval 's probation officer . jay she want to pin I for some more crime ? Kristen take the phone from theo . kristen no , Mr. clifford . I just have a few question . I have notice some inconsistency ... jay you have notice some inconsistency ? jay here 's one big fuck glaring inconsistency for you : I be set up ! kristen maybe so , but that 's not good enough . why be you set up ? what would Elena sandoval have gain from all this ? jay hesitates , unsure how , or if , to proceed . theo shift nervously . jay give J up . ay what the hell . I be already in jail . how much worse can it get ? I pay she off , okay ? my asset be tie up in the condo so we use Marie 's diamond . defensive ) it be not like I have a choice . she have I by the short a ' curly , understand ? 03/22/2004 49 . kristen but Elena 's testimony be damn . why would not she play ball ? jay what be this , the Spanish inquisition ? how the fuck should I know ? manipulative little skank probably figure she could bleed I for some more money down the road . but I will tell you this much , I be gonna get that diamond back , make she wish she be never bear . Kristen 's mind be racing , try to piece together the puzzle . ext . swamp - day Elena 's airboat blast through the reed out into the middle of nowhere . she cut the engine , let the boat drift , unwrap the molding of jay 's tooth from a cloth , as well as a video tape mark " blue BAY diving meet / marie' birthday " , look they over one last time ... elena later potato ... and toss they into the mire , where they be soon gobble by ravenous gator ... ext . gator trailer park - morning Elena glide she airboat to a stop on the muddy bank of the trailer park , stomp over to she trailer , when she see ... two set of tire track in the mud . int . elena' trailer - morning Elena stand in she bedroom , disbelief wash over she . no sign of the newspaper article . her wall be barren . E lena ( sotto ) oh shit ... ext . blue BAY high school swimming pool - day the diving team emerge from the locker room on they way to practice . lag behind be Marie . she 's about to catch up when she run smack dab into a panicked Elena . marie what the ... if anyone see we together ... 03/22/2004 50 . elena what choice do I have ? we get big problem ... before anyone can see they , Marie pull she away , to the outdoor shower area , out of sight from she teammate . she turn on all the shower head . marie gotta be careful . make sure no one 's listen . now what 's the 411 ? elena I ... I think I fuck up ... Marie gently take a hold of Elena 's face . marie how ? elena I do not know for sure ... but I think that bitch parole officer 's make I ... she be at my trailer last night ... Marie smile , pull Elena close as the steam rise all around . marie no bigee . you dispose of everything , right ? the tooth , the video , all the research ... Elena can not fess up . not now ... elena I do , but ... she 's get a hard on for I . want to see I back in juvie ... Marie kiss she softly on the forehead . her cheek . marie I will not let the big bad wolf get you . I promise . Elena 's damp tank top cling to she perfect body . elena I just want outta here . Marie brushes a strand of hair away from Elena 's face . 03/22/2004 51 . marie be patient . I will call the Museum curator , have he prepare the fund to buy back the diamond ... elena then we be outta here , right ? a mile wide smile stretch across Marie 's lip ... marie just sit back , relax , enjoy the trip ... do not forget to come again . T heir tremble lip come together like wet hot magnet ... ext . underwater - day sunlight cut through the dark blue surface , illuminate Marie 's lucky ring gold ring that drift down gently until ... Marie come diving down into the crystalline water , pluck the soon - to - be diamond ring from the bottom of the pool ... ext . blue BAY high swimming pool - day Marie surface at the edge of the pool . she place the ring onto the deck , pull herself out of the water . she try not to show surprise when she come face to face with Kristen , who 's pick up she ring , run it around she finger ... marie can I help you ? kristen I be wonder if I could have a moment of you time . ask a couple question . Marie glance nervously back at the pool , where other member of the diving team go about they workout . marie I be in the middle of practice ... kristen it will only take a moment , Marie . might even help jay . remember you loving stepfather ? you want to help he , do not you ? marie of course . 03/22/2004 52. Kristen study the ring for a moment , then venture ... kristen why would you agree to part with you diamond ? this time Marie can not hide she shock . marie how ... kristen jay tell I . but why ? they be you inheritance . marie jay need help . we be a team . kristen team clifford . right . it 's just ... you must have be pretty unhappy when jay do not give you that diamond for you birthday . m Marie 's take a beat , do she best to remain stand . marie he say I be not ready . kristen you be 18 . that 's heiress payday , no ? must have cross you mind that jay might never let you have they ... marie no , of course not . she 's a bad liar . kristen and then this little scam artist saunter in and just take they . with you help , no less . Kristen move in for the kill . kristen but what I do not get be , why would not Elena do what jay ask , clear he name ? after all , she would get what she want . marie how should I know ? 03/22/2004 53. Marie watch in fascination as Kristen press the top of the ring against the back of she hand . hard. wince , then ... kristen I mean , the only way I can make sense of it be if somehow get jay release from prison would spoil the plan . marie what plan ? she hand the ring back to Marie . not so lucky anymore ... kristen you tell I ... I int . blue BAY PD hallway - day Chad stroll gingerly down the hallway , open the door to the forensics lab , freezing when he see ... int . blue BAY PD forensics - day Kristen , wait patiently for he . chad miss ... Richards . be ... be there something I can do for you ? kristen I be wonder if you would do I the favor of run a quick test . chad uh , sure , I guess . whatcha get for I ? she hand he the Blue pill she find in Elena 's trailer . kristen could you tell I what this be ? Chad try to keep he cool . chad no problemo . it will only take a minute . while Chad go about he work , Kristen begin nose around the office . Chad look over he shoulder . chad be careful , I get lot of evidence here . she start flipping through evidence photo ... 03/22/2004 54 . kristen be this the evidence photo from the Elena sandoval rape ? chad they be , but ... kristen ever find out what cause this marking ? she hold up the photograph of the four circular indentation the judge question Chad about in court ... chad like I tell the judge , I guess they be finger nail marking ... kristen they do not look like finger nail marking to I . they look more like this ... she hold up the back of she hand , where she would make the indentation with Marie 's ring . kristen would you say this marking be the same ? chad w- where do you get that ? Kristen smile . kristen Marie give it to I . but you already know that , do not you , Doc ? Chad have no answer to that . he can only blink stupidly and pray he silence do not incriminate he further . Kristen head for the door ... chad ( call after ) the pill . it 's rohypnol . uh , roofies . kristen be there . done that . int . clifford mansion - night the massive front door swing open and Marie cross the foyer , and be about to ascend the magnificent staircase when she hear the clanking of glass come from the kitchen . 03/22/2004 55 . her heart be in she throat as she call out ... marie hello ? no answer . int . clifford mansion - kitchen - night Marie enter the lavish kitchen , stop in she track when she see Chad stand at the full bar , mixing the strongest drink know to man . marie what the hell , Chad ? Chad fidget nervously . chad that parole officer be sniffin ' around today . Marie scoff , step up to the bar , get in Chad 's face . marie not you too . she 's just try to prove she worthless excuse for a existence . she do not have a thing on we . chad yeah , but she 's askin ' the right question . it 's only a matter of time . we gotta make we move . Marie shake she head , resolute . marie no . we stick to the plan . give the curator time to come up with the money ... Chad 's tremble hand pour the drink , most of the liquid make it in to two martini glass ... chad we gotta move fast , keep the heat off ... marie you can not take the heat , get outta the kitchen . chad I wanna see them . the diamond . make sure they be safe . 56 . marie they be safe . she downs half the drink in one giant gulp . chad I just wanna see them . I think we be suppose to be partner here . Chad 's tremble , look like he could lose it at any second . marie you be gonna be the death of I ... she slug the rest of the drink , stride away and Chad follow like a lapdog ... int . clifford mansion - jay' office - night nothing 's be touch in jay 's office , the drop of blood the cuban extract from he thumb as a warning stain the white carpet black ... Marie walk over to he desk , open a draw . remove a metallic lock box . chad open it . I wanna see that puppy . Marie roll she eye , take a key from a delicate chain around she neck and fumble with the lock . finally she open the box , revealing the mother - daughter diamond , rest on velvet lining . the sparkling diamond seem to have a calming effect on Chad . he stop shaking , he voice become more steady ... chad I call the museum . the deal 's goin ' down tomorrow . 8 be ... Marie stumble as she take a step toward he . marie what do you ... she look to the empty glass in she hand , then begin to sway , watch in horror as Chad drop the diamond into he pocket ... C have I be sorry , okay ? but it 's not like I have a choice . T 03/22/2004 57 . Marie fall flat on she face , she world crash to black . fade in : ext . everglade - morning the blind morning sunlight climb the horizon , the still water of the endless swampland glisten like diamond ... Elena sit out on she idling airboat , in the midst of the sawgrass , smoking . the peace be shattered by she ringing cellphone . elena yello ... int . clifford mansion - jay' office - morning Marie have the phone cradle between she shoulder and ear , rub she aching head , slowly get she wit back . nothing like good old fashioned vengeful rage to combat a nasty hangover . marie ( into phone ) Chad fuck we . elena ( v.o. ) ( deadpan ) I know . I be there ... marie no , I mean he really fuck we . he drugge I a ' take the diamond ! ext . swamp - morning Elena stand on the edge of the airboat , fear rise in she . elena ell I you be kid ... marie ( v.o. ) yeah , it 's all a big joke ... he steal the diamond ! Elena let out a anguish wail . marie ( v.o. ) keep it down , my headache 's bad enough as it be . elena we have gotta stop he . 03/22/2004 58. int . clifford mansion - kitchen - morning Marie 's fevere mind be racing as she glance at the wall clock . 7:30 . finally a desperate plan scratch its way to the surface . marie he 's head to the museum , get himself a 8 be meeting ... elena ( v.o. ) he 's gonna sell the diamond ... marie not if we find he first ... ext . everglade - day the deafen roar of a air boat cut through dense sawgrass , speed across the endless swampland expanse . Elena expertly maneuver the machine , the wind racing through she hair ... ext . swamp road - day Chad 's speaker blare out heavy metal as he rusty daewoo bang down the desolate swamp dirt road through the thick tree . every hundred foot or so , the road run parallel with the water , then cut back into the tree . C have spot a Air Boat not more than a few hundred yard from he . he do a double take just as the road disappear back into the tree . that be not ... it could not be , could it ? the wind dirt road cross back to swampside and Chad 's worst fear come true ... Elena 's racing along side of he in the airboat , fight to keep up ... elena pull over ! int . chad be car - day the road run parallel to the swamp again and Chad 's eye nearly burst from they socket as he see the airboat now alongside he , match he speed . elena give we back the diamond ! Chad 's heart stop . chad we ? 03/22/2004 59 . he spin round , look straight ahead at the BMW racing right at he ! chad fucking hell ! he yank the steering wheel hard leave , swerve he car clean off the dirt road and into the thick swathe of melaluca tree , Marie 's BMW shoot past , miss he car by inch ... int . marie' BMW - continuous Marie slam on she brake , bring she BMW to a skid halt on the dirt road . she look back over she shoulder , at the sway melaluca tree . no sign of Chad 's car ... ext . swampside - continuous Elena bring the airboat to rest at swamp side , leap into the reed and clamber up to the dirt road . there 's no sign of Chad 's car , just a hole in the dense undergrowth where it ploughed through ... Marie come run up to join Elena , a tire iron in hand ... elena ( sternly ) we be not hurt he , Marie , get it ? we just get the diamond back ... marie I be not gonna hurt he . no way ... Marie stalk down the path Chad 's car take off the dirt road ... marie I be gonna kill he . Elena 's breath catch in she throat . Marie disappear into the tree and she 's alone , out on the desert swamp road ... elena Marie ! do not do this ... she hear a scream , a girl 's scream ... elena Marie ! Elena sprint into the thick of the tree ... 03/22/2004 60 . int . blue BAY PD office - day Kristen be sit at detective morrison 's cluttere desk , she brow furrow as she shuffles through the stack of newspaper article she pull from Elena 's wall . morrison stand in the doorway , watch she . morrison you look like you could use a drink . Kristen look up from the article , into morrison 's smile face . she smile back . kristen when this be all over , I would like that . morrison turn and walk right into a suit with a FBI badge identify he as agent milton dammer . the buzzcut agent drop box at morrison 's foot . dammer more Black widow lead . I need you to put they in the evidence locker , morrison . morrison that 's not my job , agent dammer . dammer it be now . ext . swamp clearing - day Marie be stand in a clear , stare at Chad 's wreck car , at the top of a small slope , wrap around a melaluca tree like a Christmas present . her pierce scream force Elena to come run ... elena you okay ? Marie stop scream , she face contort in anger ... marie no , I be pretty damn far from okay ... she point to the front seat of the crash car ... Elena can barely bring herself to look inside . Marie shove she in the back , push she towards the open driver 's side door . Elena gasp when she look inside the car . Chad 's not there . 03/22/2004 61 . marie he bolt ... Marie clamber up the wreckage of the car , stand on the roof . she m survey the swamp all around she like the lioness she be ... marie with the diamond . int . blue BAY PD evidence locker - day morrison grumble as he scan he key card , open the wire mesh door to the evidence locker . he pick up a box and enter , Kristen , also carry a box , a step behind . morrison I appreciate the help ... kristen right back at ya . morrison blushes as he absently add the box to the groan shelf stuff with Black widow evidence . Kristen notice the bundle of cash store in and amongst the Black widow evidence ... kristen you could have a helluva holiday on that money . morrison recover from the Black widow 's last score . if I would get to the scene just five minute earlier , I woulda get she as well ... morrison shake he head , ruefully , when a sudden sharp beep have Kristen reach into she pocket , fishing out a handheld gps . kristen what the hell ... a red flash dot move quickly in the middle of the map ... kristen Elena ... ext . everglade - day Elena run full pelt after Marie , through dense swampland , the plastic ankle bracelet around she leg silently flash red ... 03/22/2004 62. marie Chad ! there 's nowhere to run to , you little weasel ! she swing around , finally spot a bloody hand print on one of the ashen tree trunk ... marie gotcha ... she race off in hot pursuit . Elena 's about to follow when she notice the red light flash on she ankle bracelet ... elena this can not be happen ... Marie slow , look back to Elena . marie what now ? elena I be more than five mile away from the Police station . I go beyond five mile and the alarm go off ... Marie snarl ... marie you tell I you parole Officer know you be out here ? Elena can barely speak ... elena she know ... ext . swamp - day Chad 's face be drain of color as he run through the dense swampland , hugging the priceless diamond . sweat cascade from he brow , and thick plume of blood from wound all over he body swirl in the stagnant water ... most gruesome of all be a break turn signal embed in he right leg . as the water get knee - deep , the last of Chad 's reserve energy go . he collapse in the stagnant marsh . not far off , gator circle . it 's only a matter of time before they notice the blood in the water . 03/22/2004 63. ext . everglade - day the small bit of solid ground give way to swampland . Elena step into the water , she ankle bracelet flashing red . elena call it off , Marie . we gotta go or she will find we here ... a splash sound from up ahead silence both girl ... marie you hear that ? the sound echoe off the dense tree . Marie point leave . marie you go that way ... Marie head off in the opposite direction . Elena hesitates , want to follow , but do as she 's tell , and go leave , soon envelop by canopy of tree ... int . kristen be car - day Kristen blast down the Blue Bay street , a siren in the windshield blaring ... the handheld gps continue to monitor Elena 's exact position in the midst of the swamp ... E ext . everglade - day Elena stumble through the thick , stagnant water , scour the horizon for any sign of Chad ... elena ( sotto ) please ... a rustling sound stop she in she track . Dead silence , until ... a hand grab her leg , around the flashing ankle bracelet , drag her down into the swamp ... ext . everglade clearing - day Marie hack she way through the overgrown foliage with the tire iron , like a prada clad big-game hunter ... marie ( call out to Elena ) you see he ? 03/22/2004 64 . no reply , just she own voice echoing back ... marie Elena ? she roll she eye . marie useless bitch ... ext . swamp road - day Kristen 's unmark car race across the desolate swamp road . int . kristen be car - day she check the flash gps signal . get closer ... ext . everglade - day Elena burst up to the surface of the bloody water , gasp for breath . look down she see Chad , hold on to she like he life depend on it . it do ... he pull she back down into the water , just as she catch a glance of the circle gator ... use she as leverage , Chad pull himself out of the swamp , climb over she writhe body to the relative safety of solid ground ... Elena cough and splutter , floundering in the blood soak water . the ravenous gator approach , sense a feed frenzy ... chad do not move ! do not splash , they can sense you in the water , they will rip you to piece ... Elena freeze , look round at the black eye break the surface of the bloody water , glide in for the kill ... elena hel..help I ... she reach out a hand to Chad , only a few foot away ... h e hesitates , then reach out to she . but stop short of grab she tremble hand . just ball he fist , squeezing every last drop of blood out of the open wound on he palm ... the dark blood cascade down into the water around Elena ... 65 . chad no . and he smile as the gator ease open they powerful jaw ... whack ! Chad 's eye roll back into he head as blood flow from he nose , ear and mouth . he fall forward , stiff as a board , and splashes down into the water next to a apoplectic Elena . behind he stand Marie , the bloody tire iron in hand ... Marie reach out a hand , pull Elena out of the water . she collapse onto she back and suck in the stagnant swamp air ... marie what be you do ? we diamond be about to become dinner ... Elena can not move , leave Marie to wade into the swamp ... ext . swamp road - day Kristen approach a fork in the swamp road at high speed . she check the gps scanner . it do not show she which way to turn ... kristen which way , which way ... Split second decision . Left . she spin the wheel , take the leave hand fork ... bad choice . just a few meter down the right fork be a abandon BMW , a idle airboat , a crash car , one dead man and two wild , wild thing ... ext . swamp road - day Elena and Marie , soak to the bone , drag Chad 's cold , dead corpse out of the tree . Marie drop the body , head straight for she abandon BMW . Elena follow , stumbling through the vine , she clothes drip wet , shiver more from nerve than cold ... m marie get rid of the body . and he car ... elena where be you go ? marie where do you think ? 66 . elena I do not ... I do not have a clue ... Marie spin round , a vicious look in she eye . she hold the blood soak diamond in she hand ... marie Chad make we a appointment to sell this . I be gonna keep it ... Elena look down to she flash ankle bracelet ... elena it 's only a matter of time before my parole Officer find I ... Marie turn back around , fling open the BMW door and get in . marie then I suggest you get to work ... she fire up the powerful engine , speed away in a cloud of dust , leave Elena the most deeply unpleasant task of she young life ... ext . chad' crashed car - afternoon Elena struggle to drag Chad 's bloody body back to he crash car . the tail light flicker , throw a ominous red glow over the dense thicket of overhange tree . elena ( sotto ) Jesus ... with a herculean effort she manage to stuff Chad 's inert body into the driver 's seat . she stumble back , horrify at the grim tableau before she ... ext . museum - afternoon Marie 's car come barrel into the parking lot outside the stone Museum building . int . museum - afternoon the curator pace back and forth , like a expectant father , in front of the empty glass case that use to house the diamond . Marie burst into the Museum , and he stride up to meet she , shocked when he see Marie 's cover in blood , sweat and guilt ... curator Marie ? be you alright ? 03/22/2004 67 . marie never better . get the money ? the curator nod nervously . curator I convinced the board of the extraordinary circumstance surround ... marie good . S he fish in she bag for the diamond ... curator I ... I receive a call from you ' associate ' . he say he would be handle the transaction . marie Change of plan . my ' associate ' get tie up at work . completely swamp ... the curator nod , unsure if he inquire further ... Marie finally pull out two blood soak diamond from she bag , thrust they at the curator . he screw up he wrinkle face , afraid to touch they ... marie calm down . it 's just blood . ext . chad be car - afternoon with tremble hand , Elena open the trunk of Chad 's crash car . she pull out a plastic gas container , sloshing the fuel around inside , then trail it back across the vine cover ground ... she carefully place the empty container down , stand twenty foot back from the wreckage , fumble in she pocket for a match ... she can barely control she hand , she whole body shaking in fear ... finally she pull out a matchbook , still sopping wet from the swamp . she strike match after match , but they will not light , until , finally , one produce a tiny flame that simmer for a second then smoulder out ... elena do not do this to I , please ... 03/22/2004 68. in frustration , she run back to Chad 's car , look desperately for a lighter , climb all the way in . because of the slight slope it 's on , the car 's flimsy door slam shut behind she . Elena pay no heed , continue to rummage through the glove compartment . elena you gotta have a lighter or some ... she 's cut off as the wrecked car' horn blare out ! deafen , the sound echoe around the dense undergrowth . Elena 's heart skip a beat . Chad 's corpse have slump forward against the steering wheel . elena Jesus ... she struggle with all she might to pull Chad 's body back off the horn ... S ilence reign once more . Elena take short , sharp breath . look over at Chad 's body slump to the side , lean against the driver 's side door ... elena I be sorry . I be so sorry ... not as sorry as she 's go to be ... the match she discard outside only second ago continue to smoulder for a second , then reignite ! int . museum - afternoon the curator carefully examine the diamond , turn it over and over in he hand . Marie stand over he , impatiently tapping she muddy shoe on the marble floor ... marie so ? curator I ... I be not sure ... marie can you get the cash or not ? the curator look up to she , bemuse . curator I can get the cash ... it 's just ... 03/22/2004 69 . Marie smile a wick grin . marie then let 's have that dead president ... ext . chad be car - afternoon the discard match have set fire to the surround vine on the ground , and slowly the fire edge it way towards the line of gasoline that Elena trail from Chad 's wreck car ... inside the car Elena reach over , carefully close Chad 's bloodshot eye . satisfied , she turn to get out , only to find the passenger side door locked ... she try the handle . tries it again . desperately yank it . not open , no sir ... Elena look over , see Chad 's limp elbow on the door lock ... outside the car the small brush fire reach the pool gasoline and ... whoosh ! inside the car Elena can not help but hear the unmistakable sound of flame crackling . through the smashed rear window she see the line of FIRE racing towards the car she 's trap in ! she reach over , claw she way past Chad 's corpse , try to reach the door lock . her bloody finger slip on the lock , unable to pull it up . the FIRE 's shoot towards the crash car , only a few foot away ... Elena fumble with the lock , tear stream down she face . the line of fire hit the crash car , and engulf it instantly . Bright orange flame cover the wreckage ... int . museum - afternoon the curator carefully set down the diamond on the marble floor . Marie look at he like he 's mad . marie what the hell be you do ? 03/22/2004 70 . curator one last test ... the curator hover he heel over the biggest diamond . Marie scream out ! marie no ! he slam he foot down and the diamond shatter ! int . chad' crashed car - afternoon Elena scream as the passenger side window next to she smashes , splintering into a million glass fragment . hand reach in and grab she , pull she through the flame ... second later Elena find herself on the swamp floor , in Kristen 's singe arm ... kristen you okay ? Elena can barely talk , look back at the flame wreckage in front of she ... kristen Care to explain ? elena it be ... it be a accident ... the flame reflect in she tear - fill eye . int . museum - afternoon Marie stand aghast at the sight of she diamond , in a million tiny piece on the museum 's marble floor ... curator fake , I be afraid . make of glass . can not believe they be we top attraction all this year ... every muscle in Marie 's body contract ... she stand before the empty diamond exhibit case , run she finger over the portrait of she mother cradling she as a baby . marie that 's my inheritance be it , Mom ? goddamn Christmas ornament ... 03/22/2004 71 . and as the disbelief give way to anger she rip the portrait from the case and tear it to shred ... curator Marie , please ... there 's no stop she now . red-faced , she lash out at the display case with a devastating kick , the glass shatter ... curator Marie , stop this instant ! she continue she rampage regardless , rip a FIRE extinguisher from the wall and hurl it through another display case ... marie I hate you , Mom ! I be glad you be dead ! ext . blue BAY PD - night Storm cloud gather over the whitewash Police station ... int . blue BAY PD interview room - night Elena sit with she head in she hand , across from Kristen in a anonymous interview room . kristen I tell you . Elena look up , tear streaking she mascara . elena told I what ? kristen that if you be tell the truth I would back you all the way . if you lie to I there would be trouble ... Elena slump back down , she head on the table . elena Chad swerve off the road , I swear ... kristen just swerve for no reason . just decide to take a shortcut through the swamp ? Elena sob , can not look Kristen in the eye . elena it be a accident ... 03/22/2004 72. the door to the interview room swing open , and detective morrison stride through , a fresh - from - the-printer report in he hand ... morrison Accident my ass . he flip the page of the report ... morrison forensics find the head trauma that kill Chad borman be inflicted by a single blow from behind . E lena look up , through Panda eye ... elena the crash . he ...he hit he head ... morrison be that before or after you drag he through the swamp ? Elena have no answer as morrison take the cuff from he belt , snap they on Elena 's wrist . morrison you get the right to remain silent , which in you case be probably best , cos of the shit you come up with ... Kristen stand up , shaking she head . kristen that 's two strike , Elena . one more and you be out . Elena look at she pleadingly . elena I will do whatever you want . Kristen stop . thinks for a moment . nod to morrison as he drag Elena to she foot . kristen yeah . yeah you will . elena I will tell you the truth . I will tell you what happen . she kill he , and take the diamond . Marie , it be Marie clifford ... 03/22/2004 73. morrison just sneer . morrison keep bleet , missy . all the way to the judge . I think its time he hear the truth about jay clifford 's accuser . kristen her arrest do not guarantee jay will be clear , you know that . you need Marie , you need the proof they set he up ... morrison consider this . kristen you come so close to nail the Black widow , do not let this slip through you finger , detective ... he 's about to speak , when Elena 's cell phone ring . Kristen take it from Elena , look at the caller id , see Marie 's name ... kristen speak of the Devil ... she hold the phone up . kristen you be gonna answer it . and you be gonna say that everything go fine . no one find Chad 's body . the plan 's still on . do you understand I ? Elena nod slowly . morrison turn to Kristen . morrison you think what I be think ? k risten 's patient with he . kristen this be you chance . fed can not take this one from you ... morrison weigh he option , then finally nod . Kristen click the phone on , hold it to Elena 's ear . elena yello ... 03/22/2004 74 . int . marie' BMW - night Marie speed wildly down the desert Blue Bay street , one tremble hand hold a cigarette , the other she cellphone . marie ( on phone ) the diamond be fake . totally worthless . elena ( v.o. ) no . that can not be true ! marie believe it . I be leave . tonight . elena ( v.o. ) you can not ... what about ...me ... Marie take a long drag from she cigarette . marie do not you understand ? there 's no money . nothing . Zip. Zilch . Zero . how be I suppose to take care of you break ass ? int . blue BAY PD interview room - night Kristen be listen in on the whole conversation . she cup she hand over the phone , whisper to Elena . kristen tell she she have to meet you . tell she she can not leave ... Elena nod and Kristen put the phone back to she lip . elena I ... I gotta see you . marie ( v.o. ) I will send you a photo . elena please . just one last time . marie ( v.o. ) I be go , go , gonski . Elena 's reeling . Kristen motion for she to continue . elena I think maybe ... maybe there 's a way we could still get some money ... 03/22/2004 75 . silence on the end of the line ... int . marie' BMW - night Marie consider this for a long moment . finally ... marie okay , talk ... elena ( v.o. ) not over the phone . we gotta meet . marie School swim pool . one hour . int . blue BAY PD interview room - night click . she 's hang up . Kristen nod to morrison ... kristen where would you keep the wire tap ? morrison evidence locker . kristen gimme the key . he toss she he electronic keycard ... E ext . blue BAY high swimming pool - night the Blue Bay High pool be illuminate in the dead of night , casting blue ripple over the bleacher where Elena wait nervously . she can not help but fiddle with the wire hide beneath she shirt ... elena ( whisper ) can you hear I ? int . morrison be car - continuous morrison listen nervously to Elena 's tinny voice come in through the speaker ... elena ( v.o. ) be this thing work ? the detective shoot Kristen a concerned look . morrison she 's gonna blow it ... 03/22/2004 76 . ext . blue BAY high swimming pool - continuous Elena adjust the mic tape to she chest , wince as the tape pull she delicate skin . elena i..do not think I can do this ... marie ( o.s. ) it 's already do . Elena look up guiltily . Marie be stand by the side of the pool . how much do she see ? marie so ? the word 's stick in Elena 's throat ... elena I have no choice ... marie blah , blah , blah . get over it . he 's dead . now you tell I you have a plan . spit it out . elena jay 's get cash . at the building site . I see it . Marie roll she eye . marie that 's you brilliant plan ? it 's in a safe , dumb ass . you a safecracker ? have you get magic finger , gonna pick that lock ? I do not think so . next . int . morrison be car - continuous Kristen wince as she listen to the girl ' conversation . E lena ( v.o. ) ( through the speaker ) we be gonna go to jay . tell he what we do . marie ( v.o. ) like hell we be . 03/22/2004 77 . ext . blue BAY high swimming pool - continuous Elena walk down the bleacher , approach a skeptical Marie . elena listen to I . we go to the jail , tell he we will come clean , tell the police everything , if he give we the combination . I be still a minor , they will send I back to juvie . shit , I could do that time stand on my head ... Marie 's waver . marie how much money ? Elena reach Marie , put she hand on she hip . elena enough for you and I . grind against she . slowly , sensually . marie we do not have to tell the cop anything . we will let jay 's videotape do the talk . elena but , we get rid of the real one ... marie I keep a copy . never trust you backstabber . Elena try to pull away , but Marie drag she back until they face be inch apart . marie you be tremble . there 's no deny it . Marie slowly draw she hand down Elena 's face , down she neck , to she chest . so close to the wire . finally place she palm over Elena 's heart ... elena Marie , I ... marie ssshhhh ... boom boom , boom boom , boom boom ... 03/22/2004 78. int . morrison be car - night morrison and Kristen listen intently in they headphone , unable to breath ... ext . blue BAY high swimming pool - continuous Elena and Marie stand there for what seem like a eternity , unblink ... B oom boom , boom boom , boom boom ... finally Marie smile ... marie alright . let 's do it ... int . county jail - night jay laugh , as he sit across from Marie and Elena , separate by a inch of bullet proof glass . theo stand by the door . jay well , well , well . who would have think . what a pleasant surprise . I guess you guy have kiss and make up ? marie very funny . do you know the diamond be fake ? jay nod slowly . jay you Mom hock they year ago . booz it all away . you already know the end of she sorry story ... Marie 's jaw tighten . jay lean back . jay so , to what do I owe the pleasure ? marie we want money . whatever you have get in you safe at the beach condo . jay burst out laugh again . jay of course you do . of course you do . 03/22/2004 79 . elena we will get you out of here ... jay stop laugh , lean back in to the inch thick glass . jay you will ? Marie hold up a digital video tape ... jay be that what I think it be ? marie you give we the combination and this go in the nearest mail box , tie with a pretty pink bow . jay how do I know it 's the real tape ? marie you be gonna have to trust we . jay I have be down that road before . Marie open the cassette housing , ready to rip the tape apart ... marie this be non-negotiable . theo interject ... Theo Sir , we have no grounds for appeal . this could be we only chance . marie what 's the combination ? the torture scream of inmate echo in jay 's ear . jay I can not ... marie no such word as ' can not ' ... a prison guard put a massive hand on jay 's shoulder ... p rison guard time 's up , Mr. clifford . 03/22/2004 80 . jay sigh ... jay ( to Marie ) fine. 08-20-99 . Marie shake she head . marie the combination 's the day Mom die , you sick fuck ? jay 's lead away in shackle ... ext . blue BAY street - night Marie 's BMW fly down the desert Blue Bay street , blast through red light . int . marie' BMW - continuous Marie handle the car like a formula one driver , and with twice the intensity . the g-force pin Elena back against the seat . elena slow down ! Marie step on the gas . elena we be in a world of shit ! Marie step on the gas . elena we will never get away with this . you know that do not you ? Marie step on the gas . she be not say a word , and time 's run out for Elena ... int . morrison' police car - night morrison struggle to keep up with Marie 's bullit-esque drive . Kristen stay focus on the one-side conversation in she headphone ... kristen come on , Elena ... keep push ... 03/22/2004 81. ext . team clifford build - night Marie 's BMW screech to a stop outside the beachfront condo , and Marie stride towards the construction site entrance . Elena get out the car , feel decidedly sick . she circuitously adjust the microphone tape to she chest , then follow Marie into the dark , unfinish building int . jay' office - night Marie enter the makeshift office like a wolf stalking she prey , head straight for the safe . with a rock steady hand , she work the lock ... click ... marie one down ... ext . team clifford building - night morrison bring he clunky Police sedan to a halt around the back of the building site . I int . morrison be car - night Kristen listen intently to the live feed . elena ( v.o. ) ( over headphone ) Marie ! please , I can not do this ... int . jay' office - night Marie 's work the safe combination like a master thief , spin it nimbly between she buff nail . click ... marie two down . Elena stand in the makeshift office doorway , try to coax something incriminate from Marie 's perfect lip . elena I tell you not to kill Chad . I will tell it to the police . Marie do not even look round , concentrate on the job at hand . Elena 's reeling . 03/22/2004 82. elena I will tell them you make I lie about you stepfather raping I , make I perjure myself on the stand , go and kill Chad , and now ... marie ( sotto ) 99 . a very good year ... click . third and final tumbler fall . the safe door swing open , revealing a stack of cash and jay 's handgun ... int . morrison be car - night Kristen shake she head . it 's hopeless , Elena can not get Marie to say a incriminate word ... morrison this have gotta end . kristen it 's gonna end . one way or another ... int . jay' office - night Marie pull out a wad of crisp , clean bill , draw they across she nose like a wine connoisseur . marie money . always in style . she dance over to Elena , wave the cash in she face . elena why would you do it ? why would Chad have to die ? Marie slide up against Elena , flutter the cash over she in the world 's most expensive shower . Elena could not be less interested , focus on get that confession ... elena you kill he , Marie . you murder he in cold blood ... Marie press up against Elena , push she up against the unfinish dry wall . kiss she passionately , finally silencing she for a few , brief , electric second . and when she pull away she finger dance down Elena 's shirt until ... S he rip the microphone from Elena 's chest . stands there with the dangle cord in she hand , she face catch in a permanent snarl . the blood drain from Elena 's face ... 03/22/2004 83. int . morrison' police car - night a pierce feedback force Kristen to throw aside the headphone . she look to morrison . kristen she 's be make ... morrison draw he gun . morrison stay here ... Kristen shake she head resolutely . kristen I get we into this ... bang ! a gunshot echoe in the darkness ... morrison just stay in the car ! please ... morrison sprint over to the building site , leave Kristen in the car , alone . int . jay' office - night Elena stand with she hand up , a ugly bullet hole in the wall just beside she . Marie keep jay 's gun train on she as she unload the cash from the safe ... marie you stupid fuck sherbert . you think you could sell I out ? elena they make I do it ... marie morrison do not know he prick from a pogo stick . and that bitch parole Officer , she have not get the ball for this ... Marie take dead aim once more ... elena please , do not ... Marie 's finger tighten on the trigger ... int . morrison' police car - night 03/22/2004 84 . boom ! Kristen tense as the gunshot echoe throughout the construction site . she reach across to the driver 's seat , grab the shotgun ... int . team clifford build - night Elena scramble across the concrete floor , desperately try to make it to the relative safety of one of the support pillar . she see the forensic UV light switch on the floor , reach for it ... marie stand in the shattered doorway , survey the expansive , unfinish floor . be about to unleash a hail of bullet when ... the work light flicker out , replace by the eerie ultra violet light scattered around the unfinish floor ... bath in the florescent blue glow of the light , Elena scramble to safety behind a pillar . her shirt glow , she eye like beacon ... morrison sweep through the second floor , meticulously check every corner , every shadow ... kristen run towards the unfinish building , look up to the UV glow on the fourth floor . she sprint for the industrial elevator ... marie scour the bizarre darkness , hear a sound . boom ! the orange muzzle flash illuminate the floor briefly as Marie shoot randomly . the flimsy plaster wall explode ... morrison enter the third floor from the fire escape , continue he meticulous sweep of the building . kristen stands in the industrial elevator , jabbing the 4th floor button , hyperventilate as more gunshot explode . she clutches morrison 's shotgun to she chest , get closer to the top floor . elena shield herself as plaster rain down on she , unable to see through the cloud of dust under the UV light , until ... 03/22/2004 85 . boom ! a bullet spark off rebar inch from she foot . she look up to see the barrel of jay 's gun . Marie 's face be contort maniacally as she squeeze down on the trigger ... morrison run up the fire escape stair when a final deafen gun shot ring out . follow by scream . he rip open the fourth floor fire door , tear through the building , push through thick plastic sheet until he find himself under the UV glow . T hick plume of blood , black under the UV light , stain the wall and floor . he see Elena , in a fetal ball , tremble uncontrollably . beside she , Marie lie dead , she chest a gape crimson mess , jay 's gun still clutch tightly in she cold , dead hand . Kristen look up at he , almost too shocked to speak . morrison 's shotgun be still smoking in she hand . kristen I do not have a choice . she be gonna kill Elena . morrison step forward , calmly , take the gun from she . morrison it 's gonna be okay . ext . team clifford building - later the new crime scene be alive with activity . cop , reporter , bystander . morrison sip coffee as paramedics wheel Marie 's corpse to the ambulance . one of they hand something to morrison . a blood-splatter digital video tape . paramedic we find this on the body . morrison take it without a word ... kristen ( o.s. ) just get off the phone with the parole board ... morrison turn around , see Kristen approach , still visibly shake . k 03/22/2004 86 . kristen they want I to bring Elena back to Miami in the morning . she hesitates ... kristen I be ... sorry for this whole mess . morrison consider this , pick he word carefully . morrison do not be . it be my gun that fire the shot , so it must have be I who pull the trigger . I will take the credit on this one . after all the Black widow crap I have to put up with , I have earnt it ... Kristen nod . kristen you do the right thing ... morrison we do the right thing . risten smile , almost , move in , and wrap she arm around the detective . he close he eye , savor the moment . as she pull away , she hand he a card . k risten you call I , promise ? morrison beam . morrison I will . I will . kristen now that this be all over , maybe we can have that drink soon ... she lean in , kiss he sweetly on the lip . morrison watch she walk away . in spite of all the shit that 's go down , he 's probably the happiest son of a bitch in all of Blue Bay . fade to black . ext . county jail - morning morrison 's unmark sedan idle outside the barb wire fence of the County jail . the gate slowly open and guard lead a daze jay clifford outside , wince from the bright sunlight . 03/22/2004 87 . morrison get out of the car , meet jay . morrison how you holdin ' up , jay ? jay be better . he sure have . morrison so what 's next ? jay no idea . everything 's go . repossess . guess there 's nowhere to go but up . it 's all he can do to keep from break down . morrison I can not help but feel partially responsible . if there 's anything I ... jay shake he head . jay I do not think so , but thanks . morrison can I at least give you a ride somewhere ? jay ai not get nowhere to go ... morrison watch sadly as jay stumble past he , walk to nowhere in particular . morrison ( hopeful ) ... but up , right ? no reply . the detective head back to he car , stop for a second , reach into he pocket and pull out Kristen 's already - dog ear card . he can not resist . dial the number after four ring there 's no message . just a beep . morrison ( into phone ) uh , Kristen , it 's Michael again . have not hear from you . hope you be do okay . everything 's fine here . 03/22/2004 88 . morrison ( cont 'd ) have not be any question ask that I can not answer , a ' no one 's bring you name up . so give I a call back and maybe we can go for that drink ... h e's cut off by ... recorded voice beep . the mail box you be try to reach be full . you message have be delete . morrison 's disconnect . puzzle , he get into he car . int . blue BAY PD - day morrison get the shock of he life when he enter the usually quiet police station and find himself in the midst of utter pandemonium . Federal officer be everywhere . he try to pick he way through the crowd when he 's intercept by Officer entwistle . officer entwistle you better come with I , detective . int . blue BAY PD - morrison' office - day entwistle lead morrison into he office , where agent dammer sit behind he desk . agent dammer detective morrison . so good to finally see you . morrison what the hell , dammer ? agent dammer I should be ask you the same question . int . blue BAY PD evidence locker - day morrison stand in the middle of the evidence locker , dumbfounded . dammer watch he , he arm cross . morrison it 's ... go . dammer that 's right , morrison . every last bit of evidence from the Black widow case . 03/22/2004 89 . dammer ( cont 'd ) not to mention the money you confiscate . all $ 427,000 . morrison but how ... dammer I be hope you would be able to answer that question . morrison what in God 's name be you talk about ? I do not have anything to do with it ! dammer well , you key card be the last one that open this locker . morrison 's heart be beat a mile a minute . morrison Holy shit . Kristen ... int . dade county parole office - day a pretty receptionist sit behind a sparse desk when the phone ring . pretty receptionist D ade County parole . how can I direct you call ? int . blue BAY PD evidence locker - day morrison pace back and forth , on the phone , as dammer watch , not say a word ... morrison ( into phone ) this be detective morrison , Blue Bay PD . I be wonder if you have a forward number for Kristen Richards ... pretty receptionist ( v.o. ) who ? morrison Kristen Richards . she 's one of you officer . have case up here in Blue Bay . int . dade county parole office - continuous the receptionist 's finger nimbly dance across the keyboard in front of she . 90 . pretty receptionist I be sorry , detective . there 's no one here by that name . morrison no , of course there be . I work with she personally . I ... pretty receptionist I have no record of a Kristen Richards ever work here . besides , Blue Bay 's out of we jurisdiction ... int . evidence locker - continuous morrison struggle to control he emotion ... morrison oh no . no , no , no ... ext . paradise - day Soft wave lap against a pristine beach . Palm tree sway in the warm breeze . a steady whirring be the only sound that disturb the serenity . be it a lawn mower ? a leaf blower ? there 's a gorgeous beach house with a patio look out onto this idyllic scene . the swim pool glisten in the bright tropical Caribbean sunlight . and stretch out on a recliner in the sheerest of bikinis be none other than Kristen Richards , soaking up ray . at she side be a paper shredder , and between sip from a pia colada , she feed document after document , each one stamp black widow evidence in red ink ... Kristen look over at Elena , equally stun in a match bikini . kristen I can not believe morrison just hand I the key to the evidence locker ... a broad grin stretch across she lip as Elena empty the content of a velvet pouch onto a table . T he mother - daughter diamond be radiant in the bright sunlight . kristen this be ... genuine ? Elena nod . 03/22/2004 91 . elena nothin ' like the real thing . switch them for the fake right after Marie try to pay I off ... kristen they're ... so beautiful . Elena pick up the bigger diamond , hand it to Kristen . elena the mother . Kristen pick up the smaller diamond , hand it to Elena . kristen the daughter . int . team clifford building - day morrison pace the infamous crime scene , at wit 's end . dammer stand off to the side , just watch he with a bemuse look etched across he face . morrison she be the Black widow . her and that little ... he try to think of a appropriate slur for Elena . can not come up with anything , continue pace frantically . morrison play I like a fool . dammer shrug . dammer hind sight 's 20 - 20 . no need to be so hard on yourself , morrison ... ( beat , smile ) that 's my job . morrison you smug son of a bitch . it 's not like you know who she be anymore than I do . dammer nod slowly . dammer that 's the God 's honest truth . but at least I do not give she my evidence locker keycard . 03/22/2004 92 . dammer ( cont 'd ) and I do not lie about who fire the shot that kill the clifford kid . morrison 's heart sink . he look like he 's go to faint . steady himself , place both hand against the wall , just as jay do that fateful night seemingly a lifetime ago ... ext . team clifford building - day dammer lead morrison to he await car . they pass mr. barajas and cicatriz . Mr. barajas be in he usual foul mood ... mr. barajas un pinche sink hole ! no lo puedo creer ! morrison stop , regards barajas ... morrison what do you say ? cicatriz the foundation be sink . the entire site be a sink hole . it 's completely worthless . mr. barajas I be go to kill jay clifford ... morrison you and I both ... ext . paradise - day Elena and Kristen lay side - by-side on lounger , soaking in the sun , when a voice rouse they ... jay ( o.s. ) poor detective morrison . it 's hard to do that to a friend . especially one go through such a nasty divorce . they look up to see jay , stand before they in a pair of colorful short , no shirt , sip at a martini ... jay told I he would never trust another woman as long as he live . and then along come a spider ... kristen a black widow . jay glance at Elena , as he downs the last drop from he drink . 03/22/2004 93. jay more like widow ... gotta say I be a little take aback when you want to snuff Marie , but you know what , I be over the bitch ... Elena suddenly get to she foot . elena you want I to top you off ? jay that would be fine , just fine . he hand Elena he empty glass , then kiss Kristen tenderly . when they break ... jay she 's get a good head on she shoulder . Kristen do not reply . just smile , watch Elena over by the outside bar , mixing jay 's drink ... jay you two get I out of a mountain of shit , I will tell you that . craziest goddamn scheme I have ever hear of . but hell , you play it perfectly . kristen my job be easy . it be Elena who have to keep it all together ... elena ( o.s. ) we have have some practice along the way ... jay turn around , smile at Elena as she hold out he drink . elena here you go , Mr. clifford . jay take it from she appreciatively , sip at it as he sidle off to the swim pool . jay well , all that nasty business , it 's behind we . forever . from here on out , it 's the good life . he start to climb the high dive . when he get to the top , he look down at Elena and Kristen , smile . 03/22/2004 94 . jay you two look so good , it 's difficult to tell which one 's the mother and which one 's the daughter ... Kristen call back up at he . kristen that 's just the roofies talk ... say it so sweetly , it take a moment for jay to register the sinister implication ... jay what do you say ? his eye be blood shot . he start to sway atop the high dive . kristen Delta chi , class of ' 88 . hellova party . I would never really taste cocktail like that . jay 's sway uneasily on the high dive platform ... jay I do not ... whattya talk about ? kristen it be like be awake though a operation . I could feel everything happen , but I could not do anything to stop it ... jay oh ...shit ... kristen you take something from I that night . but you leave something behind ... jay 's head be spin as he look to Kristen , to Elena . kristen you daughter ... he can not quite get he mind around it . everything 's become blurry . jay I do not remember ... 03/22/2004 95 . he look at the martini glass , think he see blue residue , before it slip from he finger , fall 20 foot to the concrete below , shatter into a million piece like so many fake diamond ... E lena and Kristen stand side - by-side below he . kristen you may not remember ... a broad grin stretch across Elena 's lip as she finish ... elena ... but you will never forget . jay try to take a step forward . he stumble . tries in vain to regain he balance . it 's too late . he fall . 20 foot to the unyield concrete , explode like a paper bag fill with vegetable soup ... elena Nice take off . gotta work on the landing . they stand back , watch jay 's pancake body drain its precious blood into the ice blue pool ... kristen let 's go get we money . they gather the diamond , walk away as the pool turn crimson red ... the end as the credit roll .... int . office - morning a anonymous , luxurious office . a fat , bald , semi-conscious man lie curl up on the floor as Elena , half undress and wear a black wig , shovel cash into she oversize purse ... there 's a crackle on she walkie - talkie ... kristen ( v.o. ) we get problem ... from outside , she can hear the wail of siren . get closer . elena almost do here . kristen ( v.o. ) leave it . come on ! 96 . Elena get hesitantly to she foot , slide a stack of $ 100s in she pocket for good measure . kristen ( v.o. ) he gonna be able to make a id ? Elena glance at the man on the floor , he puffy eye glaze over like a jelly donut . elena not on you life . I give he enough roofies to make a elephant forget . ext . office - morning Elena get into a wait car outside the bank . the getaway driver ... Kristen , of course ... elena I can not believe we just give up all that cash . kristen forget it . the Black widow 's finally get a angle on we real prey . elena we goin ' to Blue Bay ? kristen he will not know what hit he . a smile cross Elena 's perfect lip ... elena ' bout time ... and the car pull away from the curb just second before a fleet of police car screech to a halt in front of the bank . int . team clifford build - jay' office - day jay carefully place the stack of cash into the wall safe in he unfinish office . kristen ( o.s. ) that 's a awful lot of money ... jay spin round , flabbergasted that someone 's watch he . jay who the hell ... 03/22/2004 97 . kristen not enough though . gonna need that diamond if you be gonna ride out this disaster ... jay what ? what the hell do you mean ? Kristen calmly reach into she purse , pull out a handful of marble . throw they onto the ground , let they roll towards B jay ... ut they stop , change direction , all come roll back in a small circle , until they come to rest in the middle of the concrete floor ... kristen the building 's build on a sink hole , jay . you know it , and I know it . gonna need to think fast if you wanna keep the cuban off you back ... jay 's tiny mind can not take it all in . jay how would you ... how would you know all this ... kristen it 's what we do . jay we ? Elena walk seductively into the unfinish office . it 's on . int . locker room - day Marie sit in the bleacher by the side of the school dive pool , look at she mother 's soon - to- be-diamond ring through teary eye ... marie I just want what 's mine ... Elena stalk the bleacher behind she . elena the diamond be you inheritance . you deserve they ... marie my fuck step -monster will never give I the goddamn key ... 03/22/2004 98. Elena jump down the bleacher , sit down next to Marie . elena so you take it , one way or another ... int . chad be office - day behind close door , Chad 's complete yet another dubious transaction , hand over a bag of roofies . the buyer this time ... Marie ... marie you take a check ? chad money talk , bullshit walk . I get stripper to feed ... Marie fish out the money from she purse . marie how would you like to make some real cash ? chad Chad like the sound of that . and it 's that simple ... int . team clifford build - night Chad use jay 's tooth moulding to bite Elena , as Marie train jay 's video camera on she , wail on she in a drunken stupor . elena hey , that hurt ! marie shut it , bitch . no pain , no gain ... Elena 's face be press against the concrete wall ... int . blue BAY forensics lab - night Chad sit at he video console , all alone , expertly manipulate the audio and video footage . chad we will put you right here , and ... Chad press play . on the video screen a frighten Elena be huddle against the wall . 03/22/2004 99 . jay ( v.o. ) c'mon now baby , you can do it ... int . elena' trailer - night Elena watch as Marie and theo drive away , then turn to the glisten mother daughter diamond . she open a case with two identical glass replicas , and replace the diamond ... all the while , uncle marty snore he head off ... elena ( to uncle marty , irritate ) will you knock that off ? they be go . uncle marty 's eye snap open . ext . beach paradise - day Kristen and Marie be sun themselves on the crystalline beach when someone stand before they , casting a shadow over they sizzling body . kristen you be block we sun ... look over she sunglass at ... uncle marty ... only all clean up , in a pair of bermuda short that show off he milky white leg ... he clutches a briefcase ... uncle marty lady . hellova job back there . you best ever if I might be so bold ... kristen this be we biggest score . you sure you can move it ? uncle marty not a problem . Kristen nod to the briefcase in uncle marty 's hand . kristen let 's see the green ... uncle marty lay the case down on the lounger , open it , revealing stack of cash ... uncle marty get another lead , if you be interested . be just up in Boston , surveying a mansion that 's just be sell . 03/22/2004 100 . uncle marty ( cont 'd ) termites already eat most of it . owner 's shitting brick . there 's gotta be a angle for the Black widow ... Kristen and Elena look to each other . kristen it 's over . we have a good run . uncle marty shrug . uncle marty shame . guess all good thing come to a end . so , the diamond ... Elena reach down , pull the diamond from the sand . hand they over and be about to take the case of money when ... uncle marty how do I know this be the real thing ? Elena look to Kristen . they smile . elena you be go to have to trust we ... like fuck . the end . again .