wild hog written by Brad Copeland first draft revised 7/06/05 fade in : int . kitchen - morning angle on : billy matthews , 8 , ravenously eat a plate of hashbrown , runny fry egg and syrupy waffle . woman' voice ( o.c . ) Doug ?... we see doug matthews , 40' , sit across the table , stare at he son , billy . Doug be handsome in that honest , sincere way . a guy you would call to help you move a couch . he watch billy scoop up he hashbrown with a frost pop-tart . billy catch he dad 's look and grin with he mouth full . Doug smile back , then look down at he own plate . he have scramble egg white and slice tomato . his smile fade away . woman' voice ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) Doug ? Doug snap out of it and look up at he wife , kelly matthews . she 's attractive , with a patient smile . kelly I have get some stuff to do for the party tomorrow . can you take billy to school ? doug what " stuff " ? this party be not go to be fancy , be it ? just some friend and a wing platter from costco ? kelly it 's a we 10th anniversary , Doug . its go to be a nice party with nice food and nice music . and wing have carb , so you can not eat they anyway . billy ( mouth full ) I will eat them . Doug give billy a look . doug no you will not . because I be go to scrape the batter off . billy that do not work . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 2. doug I go to medical school . you think I do not know how carb work ? billy dentist go to medical school ? Doug look a little insulted . kelly Doug , can you take billy or not ? doug yeah , I can take he . there be not any emergency at the office this morning . kelly you have emergency ? doug ( indignant ) yes , I have emergency . that 's what my pager be for . one beep from that thing , and bam . I be off . like a cheetah . billy , now pour lucky charm into a bowl , look up . billy ( mouth full ) the battery ith go in that thing . you take they out for the tv clicker . Doug give billy a look . doug I do do that . I forget about that . I need to get some battery in there . because dentist do have emergency . we be doctor , you know ? we take the same oath . the oath of save life . Doug go to take some of billy 's discard lucky charm . billy swat he hand away . billy ( mouth full ) uh uh. carbth . Doug nod , defeat , as billy hop up and dump the remain lucky charm in the trash . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 3. int . volvo - later that morning doug drive a volvo station wagon along the street of Cincinnati . billy be next to he , in the passenger seat , look bored . Doug notice . doug you know , I use to race a car like this . put a hemi under the hood ... nobody see I come . billy really ? doug yup . it could really ... smoke some ass . billy raise he eyebrow , impressed . Doug smile . this be a good time to break the " no say ass " rule . doug ( cont 'd ) yes , sir . they call it the dragon wagon . you be lucky to be in here without a helmet , pal . we both be . Doug downshift a gear , and the tame engine roar artificially . billy be impressed . billy awesome ! hey , can I jam the radio ? doug heck yeah , you can jam the radio . Doug tussle billy 's hair and smile . smash CUT to : ext . traffic light - a few minute later the volvo pull up to a red light . Radio Disney blare " mickey love mambo " from the stereo . billy bob he head along with the music . doug look out the window and see a mid-twenty guy in a porsche , stare at he . Doug nod hello , then awkwardly face forward . fade out : fade back in on : " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 4. int . SMALL office - morning voice on speakerphone Bob ?... bob levenstein , 40s , be work at he computer . Bob be good enough look , but with a gawky wimpishness and burden eye . he try to ignore the speakerphone . voice on speakerphone ( cont 'd ) Bob !? Bob cringe at the shrill , female voice . bob hey , honey . voice on speakerphone you need to come tell Haley she can not go to a party tonight . bob ( into speaker phone ) well , I be technically at the office right now , so ... the door behind he fling open , and karen levenstein , attractive and harsh - look , step in hold a phone . karen be you kid I !? you work in we guest bedroom , not a office . bob I know , I be just try to make this deadline -- karen yeah , and I have to go to a job that actually make we money , Bob . so , get out here and tell Haley she 's not go anywhere ! Bob nod obediently and hurry out of the room . int . bob be house / kitchen - a moment later Bob enter the kitchen . his five year - old daughter , claire , wear a dance leotard , walk up to he and smile . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 5 . claire hey , daddy . listen . ( scream at the top of she lung ) eeeeeiiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaaaa1 Bob wince , and look around for he other daughter . sfx : phone ring Bob reach for it , but he other teenage daughter , haley , run in , wear a denim mini-skirt and ugg boot . haley no !! do not touch that ! it 's Julien ! Haley snatch the phone away from Bob . bob actually , I need to talk to you -- haley ( ignoring bob ) hey , Julien . yeah , totally . I will probably just drop by and chill . bob if that 's about the party , you -- haley dad ! I be talk , here . God ! Haley storm out of the room . Bob go to say something , but claire enter and look up at he . claire ( scream again ) eeeeeeeiiiiiaaaaa !! Bob just stare at she , as Karen enter the Kitchen . karen ( yell above Claire ) do you talk to she ? tell I you talk to she . God ! I have to do everything ! just get Claire to ballet . she 's late . bob well , I really have to finish my -- karen you little article for the " web " magazine , Bob ? ( more ) " wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 6. karen ( cont 'd ) I have a shareholder meeting . and we agree that my career would be the priority , and you would work out of the house . you might not like it , but my job be higher pay . and I do not see you complain about that hundred dollar shirt you be wear . Bob look down at he too-hip dress shirt . bob you buy this shirt for I . I be fine with my t-shirt -- karen oh , you do not like the shirt now ? Fine . take it off . bob what ? karen take it off ! you do not want to wear nice thing , do not . off ! Bob sigh and take the shirt off . Karen snatch it from he . karen ( cont 'd ) now take Claire to she ballet class . it 's start in five minute . bob well , I have to get another -- karen go ! five minute ! Karen push Bob out the door , with Claire skip happily behind he . int . bob be car - a moment later Bob sit in the car , shirtless , next to Claire . he look over at she , and notice a pink hoodie in she lap . bob you go to wear that ? claire for five dollar , I be not . Bob sigh and reach for he wallet . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 7. int . children' dance studio - five minute later a bunch of kid in dance leotard be start a class . Claire come run into the group , as Bob enter behind she , wear the pink hoodie . it 's way too small , and do not quite cover he belly . he sit with the parent and nod awkwardly to they . it 's embarrassing . fade to black : fade back in on : int . modern house - morning we see the pristine live room of a expensive , architectural house . male voice ( o.c. ) Woody . ( getting angry ) Woody Stevens ! we see woody steven , 40s , handsome , but with shifty eye and a Michael keaton hairline , walk through the stylish house speak into a cordless headset . woody . no , you listen to I . you be not go to push I around . we agree on a price , and that 's the price I will pay . if you do not like it , walk away ... but you can kiss you business good bye , because that 's what happen when you screw with Woody Stevens . you go down . hard . as Woody talk , he pass by frame magazine cover of a beautiful model , ( claudia ) as well as some picture of he wedding day with she , they exotic vacation , and one blownup glamour shot of Woody , shirtless , oile and hold a greasy wrench . woody ( cont 'd ) . no , money 's not the problem ( laugh ) money 's never a problem . you just need to honor the correct price . get it ? Woody get he answer , and angrily throw the headset down on a stack of move box . he march to the front door and throw it open . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 8. ext . woody' house - continuous Woody yell out the front door . woody . then go home , Toby ! you make I sick ! angle on : the front yard . a ten -year- old boy be stand with a rake , surround by leave . he click off he cellphone and shrug . toby I can not do this many leave for ten buck ! it will take two hour ! woody well , you should have think of that before you put the " any yard for ten buck " flyer on the telephone pole . you be do on this block , now . and that go for you band fund -raiser , too . I be not buy any candy bar no matter what parade you dork have to get to ! Woody slam the door close . Toby kick at a pile of leave , then start home . fade out : fade back in on : int . cluttered office - morning we see a office crowded with disassembled Apple computer , motherboard , and abandon monitor . computer voice Dudley ? angle on : dudley frank ( late 30 ) , a odd -look , curly - haire guy with black plastic glass that be slightly too big for he face . he stare at a computer in front of he . dudley yeah , hey , Mac . how 's it go -- computer voice it be now nine o'clock be . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 9. dudley thanks , mac. open internet , okay ? a pause . computer voice Command unknown . dudley mac. open. Internet . a pause . computer voice it be now nine o'clock be . dudley alright , Mac . I will show you . Dudley click a few key and nod satisfactorily . computer voice Internet open . Dudley laugh good - naturedly . dudley right , because I just open it . ( sigh ) I guess I need to research alternative specs . computer voice search " alternative sex . " dudley what ? no ! Dudley jump forward and start hit the key . computer voice two million website find . dudley I do not want to search that ! I say specs ... " all the data to be compile . " computer voice search " sex all the day with child . " dudley ahhh , no !! " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 10 . Dudley frantically start rip the power wire out of the computer . the monitor go dark . Dudley touch it sadly , then look over at a cat sit on the edge of the desk . dudley ( cont 'd ) ( to cat ) look like it 's still just you and I , icat . Dudley reach out to pet the cat . it hiss at he angrily , and he quickly pull he hand back . dudley ( cont 'd ) sorry . CUT to : int . doug matthew' office - that afternoon doug , now in he lab coat , sit at he desk , play with a model of a mouth . the phone ring and Doug answer it . doug ( into phone ) hey , honey . intercut with kelly : on the phone at home . kelly you busy ? doug I ? oh , yeah . I have get a mouth right here in front of I . Doug take a dental tool and hammer on the plastic mouth . kelly do not they mind you be on the phone ? doug well , it 's not attach to a head , really . more research . Doug hit the mouth too hard and all the tooth fall out . he fumble to stop they from scatter everywhere . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 11 . kelly oh. well , I just want to tell you I find a great rate for the ritz-carlton tomorrow night . I think it might be romantic . Mom can stay here with billy . doug I do not know . do you think we really need to stay at a hotel ? I mean , billy have he own room . why do not we just buy new sheet ? like , hotel - color one . it will be like the ritz , but we will not have to pay to make phone call ! kelly doug -- doug what ? I be just say -- suddenly , the speaker come on overhead . voice on speaker Dr. matthews ? patient emergency in room eight . Doug snap to attention . doug emergency ? ( into phone ) I have get to go ! emergency ! Doug jump out of he seat and scramble over he desk and out the door . int . dental exam room - a second later Doug fly into a exam room , where a hygienist , dana , be look into a male patient 's mouth . dana Doctor matthews . finally . take a look at this . Doug look in the man 's mouth and nod . doug acute molar abscess . that 's go to need emergency surgery . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 12 . dana that 's what I think . thank God you get here . doug yeah . ( beat ) well , let 's send he over to a orthopedic surgeon . dana absolutely . thanks , doctor . Doug nod . he look around for something else to do , but there 's nothing . he move a dental tool away from the edge of a tray , smile politely and exit . dissolve to : ext . doug be house - driveway - later that afternoon doug , look depressed , pull into the driveway . he look over and see billy and three of he friend shoot basket . he smile , get out of the car and strut over . doug ( to kide ) yo ! matthews be open . billy look up and cringe a little bit , but pass the ball to doug . Doug dribble it under he leg and charge the basket . doug ( cont 'd ) take it into the paint . who 's get the d? whoop , too late , dude ! booya ! Doug jump up to slam the ball , but only hammer it into the rim . the rim clang loudly and the ball go fly backwards . billy 's friend laugh a little . Doug notice . doug ( cont 'd ) well , that 's not really my shot . I usually hit from downtown , you know ? Doug grab the ball out of the bush and dribble back to the three point line . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 13 . doug ( cont 'd ) that 's where the big game get win . back here from the three -- Doug swivel , jump up and release the ball . it head towards the basket , then fall down five foot before it . it look more like a pass than a shot . billy hang he head , humiliate . doug ( cont 'd ) that be a pass , dude ! it be not . Doug nod with false confidence to the kid , stand there awkwardly for a moment , then quietly head inside . int . doug be house - kitchen - a moment later doug enter and find kelly . she smile and kiss he . kelly hey , honey . snack ? Kelly hand Doug a sandwich bag of celery . he look over to the table , where Kelly have laid out ritz cracker cover in cheez whiz , for the kid . Doug put the bag of celery down . doug I be okay . I think I be just go to go meet the guy for a beer . kelly okay . lite beer , if you want to stick to that diet . doug right . yes. lite beer . no carb . just delicious beer ... water . Doug smile and head upstairs . Kelly look concerned . CUT to : int . doug be bedroom - a moment later Doug enter he bedroom and shut the door behind he . he sit down on the bed and let out a long sigh . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 14 . after a moment , he get up and walk over to the closet . he open it and we see : a leather biker jacket , leather chap , boot , glove , a black " half - helmet , " etc . for the first time , we see a genuine smile come over Doug 's face . music cue : iggy pop be " real wild one ( wild child ) " ext . doug's driveway - a few minute later the garage door on Doug 's house roll open like a theater curtain , and Doug , wear the full leather biker getup , idle out of the garage on a gleam , chrome - out harley davidson fatboy . he look around the neighborhood cockily , smile , then kick the bike into gear and ride into the street . the camera rotate around he and come to rest on the back of he jacket , where we see a large patch that read " Wild hog . " the camera zoom in on this , and it become : title card music cue continue over following scene : ext . bob levenstein house - same time bob creep through the live room . from the kitchen , we can hear karen , haley and claire scream thing at he , about he , etc . he just tip -toe to the hall closet and open the door . we do not see what 's in it , but see Bob smile the same way Doug do , and ... smash CUT to : ext . bob' driveway - a minute later bob , in leather biker gear , roll out of he garage on another shimmer harley davidson . he look around through he mirrore aviator sunglass like a complete bad ass . he look down the street and spot doug , riding towards he . Bob ride down the driveway and join alongside Doug . they nod silently to each other and tap fist like the toughest guy in the world . we see Bob be also wear a " Wild hog " jacket . ext . woody' house - same time woody walk through the courtyard , and into a pristine garage . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 15 . he pass by a BMW 645 , several stack of label move box , and finally a beautiful harley davidson softail anniversary edition . a minute later , Woody pull onto the street on he harley . doug and bob turn the corner and nod to he . Woody nod back , revs he engine , and join alongside they . ext . dudley's computer-cluttered garage - same time we see a garage crowded with disassembled Apple computer , printer , and a harley davidson sportster . out walk dudley , who 's biker outfit do not quite mesh with he thick - lense eyeglass . Dudley cockily pull on a " Wild hog " jacket , kick start the motorcycle , press a button to open the garage door , and ride the motorcycle out . however , as he get halfway out of the garage , the garage door catch on something , and snap back down . it clothesline Dudley off the bike , which roll down the driveway and into some garbage can . Dudley lay in the driveway , stare up at the sky with a pain look on he face . ext . dudley's driveway - a few minute later doug , bob and woody ride towards Dudley 's house , but find dudley sit in he driveway with he arm around he knee . he shrug and motion to he motorcycle - which he have stand back up , but have a bent wheel and smashed headlight . Doug and Bob take in the situation and then look at Woody . Woody roll he eye ... ext . STREET - later doug , bob and woody ride along . we see dudley be riding bitch on Woody 's bike , and Woody do not seem thrilled about it . the camera pan around and we see they be all wear " Wild hog " jacket . and on this , we : end music cue dissolve to : ext . " byker' island " biker bar - later the guy pull up at a biker - theme bar with a motorcycle mount above the entrance . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 16 . Woody be obviously humiliate to have Dudley behind he , as they park the bike among a crowd of other biker . Dudley climb off the back of Woody 's bike and pat he on the shoulder . dudley thanks , Woody . I feel really safe with you . woody I notice that . and if you ever lay you head on my back when you be riding bitch again , I be go to throw you into traffic . dudley I be try to keep my face out of the wind . woody I feel you smell my hair ! doug guy ! come on . let 's go get a brew . I be buy . Doug head into the bar . bob you be cool with the carb ? Doug pause , without turn around . doug ( mumble ) I can have a light . Doug continue into the bar , but now with less swagger . int . " byker' island " biker bar - a moment later the guy be sit at a wear table . the place be crowded with curiously gentle- look biker . Woody look around the bar with a smirk . woody man , I wish we could find a place that be not so freaking lame . bob what be you talk about ? this place be cool . we be with other biker . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 17 . suddenly , a large , bald biker come up and slam a beer down on they table . bald biker ( angrily ) Wild hog be not welcome here ! the guy all look at he for a beat - then the bald guy crack a smile . doug hey , Paul . paul laugh at he joke . paul hey , guy ... Woody , you tax return be almost do , but I want to talk to you next week about incorporate . a lot of my executive client have be -- woody yeah , Paul . I will talk to you about it on the trip . paul yeah , we will talk about in daytona . ( angrily , to group ) what the hell be you stare at !? Paul glare at the other guy for a beat , then crack up . paul ( cont 'd ) ( laughing ) see you guy . Paul exit . Woody shake he head . woody this place suck . why be we go to daytona with this poser ? doug because it 's bike week . that 's we annual trip , Woody . we be Wild hog . woody we be not Wild hog . that 's a patch you wife make and we all have to sew it on we jacket so she do not feel bad . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 18. doug hey ! she take a embroidery class for that . what have you wife ever make we ? bob ( quietly ) hard . woody hey !? bob sorry . I do not ... do not tell she . doug it 's not a big secret , Bob . she 's a swimsuit model . she 's hot . I mean , so be my Kelly . she 's very hot . even after ten year . not that I be not still good look ... Doug look at the guy . they do not respond . woody we be not go to say you be hot , man . doug because it 's gay , or because I be not ? woody there 's no non - gay response to that . dudley ( to doug ) if I be a girl , I would be attract to you . woody Point prove . bob well , Kelly must still think you be hot . ten year , man . how 's that feel ? doug I do not know . good , I guess . be ten the silver anniversary ? dudley no , that 's the 25th . ten be aluminum . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 19 . doug aluminum ? like , siding ? ( consider , then ) yeah , that feel about right . aluminum be sturdy , lightweight ... recycle . Woody smile and put a map down on the table . woody -- and ready for the trip of a lifetime . the guy look at the map , puzzle . doug we do not need a map for daytona . we just follow the group . Woody take a drink from he beer , then look at the group with a mischievous fire behind he eye . woody not if we do not go on the daytona trip . doug what ? dudley noooo !! woody guy , listen to I . it 's time for a change . let 's go on we own trip this year . just we , like it be in college . forget this guy . forget daytona beach . bike week be just corporate white guy play dress up . this bar be , too . and we do not get into this to play dress up - we get in this to live . " be cool and ride free . " that 's the Wild hog creed . doug no , it 's not . it 's the slogan for the downtown trolley . woody I know . but , it work as we creed , too . so let 's live it ! dudley but , I boogie board in daytona . can not we creed be " be cool and boogie board ? " " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 20 . woody no . that 's dumb , Dudley . let the big people talk . doug well , what kind of trip be you suggest ? another bike week somewhere ? woody no . that 's the best part . we do not do some plan out trip . we follow the open road . U.S. 50 . the backbone of America . we take a week and go all the way to San Francisco . think about it , guy . camp out , stop wherever we want , whenever we want ... just freedom . when be the last time we have that ? the guy consider this , but look sceptical . bob I do not know , man . woody you be afraid to ask you wife . bob ( covering ) no ... woody ( to doug ) what do you think ? doug well , daytona be not the " backbone of America , " but it be a tradition . we have be riding with this club for year . do we really want to miss out on that ? one of the biker , kent , approach carry a box . kent hey , dude . check this out . Kent hold up a sleeveless t-shirt with a big cartoon guy on a motorcycle - with the word " bear to be Wild ! daytona ride , 2005 . " it 's horrifying . kent ( cont 'd ) we be all go to wear this on the trip . ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 21 . kent ( cont 'd ) that way everyone will know we be from the Cincinnati chapter . it will also get you ten percent off at t.g.i. Fridays . dudley cool ! bear to be wild ! Dudley grab a shirt and start to pull it over the t- shirt he already have on . Woody give a look to Bob and doug. doug look , we will talk about it tomorrow . but we do not need some trip to go " live . " we be live . free and wild . smash CUT to : int . doug be house - the next evening the anniversary party be in full swing . doug be watch several guest dish steaming pasta and cream sauce out of a chaffing dish . he look down at he plate of field green and skinless chicken breast . doug ( to himself ) free and wild . Doug look around the party . several middle - age couple be dance on the live room floor . other mingle , laugh ... everyone be have a great time , except Doug , who stand there , listless . Kelly walk up and kiss he on the cheek . kelly hey , sweetie . have fun ? doug yeah . it 's get pretty late , though . maybe we should kill the music . Drop a hint . kelly it 's eight o'clock . it start at seven . doug oh . ( then ) still , that 's late . we should just flicker the light on and off . people will get it . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 22 . kelly people be have fun . look at the milton . angle on : the live room . a happy-looking couple , the milton , be dance around to Prince 's " 1999 . " Doug laugh . doug oh , man . there should be law against that ... be Fred have a seizure ? kelly no , Fred 's have a good time . with he wife . remember what that be like ? doug hey , we have fun all the time . but I be not go to let myself look like that . he wear dress sock with short , too . I have see it . do you want I to do that ? kelly I do not care . why do you ? Doug search for a response , as roger , 70 , Kelly 's dad , clink he wine glass at the front of the room . roger Excuse I , everybody . I have a little toast . for my daughter and she husband . Roger wink at Doug and Kelly . Doug smile weakly . doug ( sotto , to Kelly ) he 's drunk . we should do something . roger I want to start by say how proud I be of my son-in- law . doug ( sotto , to Kelly ) -- no , he 's fine . let he talk . roger now , I have to make a admission . ten year ago , when Doug and Kelly get marry . I be worried . Doug be a little wild ... the guest laugh . Doug give a unsure chuckle . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 23. roger ( cont 'd ) I mean , he have that old tran - be with the huge engine ... remember how he would peel out of anywhere ? even the grocery parking lot after buy baby formula ? the guest laugh again . now Doug be not . roger ( cont 'd ) or the way he would just grab Kelly and run off to some crazy island to snorkel with something that think you be lunch . the guest continue to laugh . Kelly look at Doug , now . she see this be landing on he . he 's get upset . roger ( cont 'd ) but , not anymore . he 's now become the son - in - law I would have always hope for . responsible , reliable , and a great husband to my daughter . so cheer to -- doug no , no . no cheer -- because that be not a accurate toast . I be still the same , shitty son- in - law I use to be . the guest laugh . they think he 's joke . roger come on , Doug . you should be proud ! you have grow up ! cheer ! the guest nod and clink they glass . Doug shake he head . doug grown up ? no , I have not . I be still young . no cheer ! stop clinking ! kelly Doug , stop it . you be be rude . doug well , tell they I be the same as I use to be , Kelly . tell you dad not to like I . kelly you be not the same , Doug . the old Doug would not have make fun of Fred milton for dance , because he would have be out there dance himself . with I . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 24 . doug so what be you say ? kelly I be say you have change . and frankly , i do not like it . I like you the way you be . I like it when you be not afraid of look stupid . I like it when we laugh . I like it when we dance . doug hey , I will dance ! it 's just this music be lame . people like I need a fresh beat ! Doug walk over to the stereo and change the station . " cand sho " h y -50 cent start play . Doug nod along with the beat , as the guest all now stare at he . doug ( cont 'd ) ( yell over music ) awwww , yeah . this be the shit ! it be not 1980 anymore , man . yeah ! ( sing along ) I take you to the ... Andy shop -- Doug try to confidently sing along , but struggle awkwardly , as he 's obviously never hear the song before . kelly ( urging , to Doug ) honey , stop it . you be be a ass . doug what !? I think this be what you want ? I be dance ! Doug start grind and shimmy to the beat . Kelly grit she tooth . doug ( cont 'd ) come on , baby ! just because we be marry ten year do not meat n we be old people . let 's dance ! it fee ls goooood ! Doug make another spastic dance move , then suddenly grimace and grab he chest . doug ( cont 'd ) nope , that feel bad -- kelly Doug ? what 's wrong ? be you okay ? " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 25 . doug yeah . I be just -- ow : that 's -- yeah , I should go to the hospital -- Doug stagger across the carpet as people run to help he . kelly Doug !? dissolve to : int . hospital room - a hour later Doug be in a bed , with Kelly next to he . a doctor enter with a chart . doctor well , Mr. matthews -- doug Dr. matthews , actually . doctor oh , really ? great . then , I can say this a lot easier . you have a hypertensive myocardial seizure . Doug nod confidently , then , after a moment : doug ( defeated ) I be a dentist , actually ... I have no idea what you just say . doctor oh. sorry . it look like you have a stress - induce panic attack . doug stress -induce ? I be not stress . doctor well , it 's probably be pretty bury . I actually see it a lot with middle - age man . work , family , it can take a toll on you . doug I be not middle - age . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 26 . doctor yeah , I see that a lot , too . anyway . we should have you out of here soon . the doctor smile and exit the room . Kelly look at doug. doug I be middle age , be not I ? kelly only mathematically . Doug take this in . kelly ( cont 'd ) Doug , let I ask you a question . when be the last time you sing a bon jovi song ? doug what ? kelly you use to sing bon jovi song at the top of you lung . like you do not care who hear you , or how dopey it sound . then one day , you just stop . that 's how it 's be with everything . romance , sense of humor , the way you use to give I that cocky little wink when you take off you shirt ... it 's all fade away , leave just a shell of what you use to be . why ? why no more bon jovi song ? doug I do not know . there 's just a lot weigh I down this day , you know ? kelly like what ? you have a great career , a perfect family . money be fine . the only thing that could be weigh you down be I . be it I ? be you tired of I ? doug no ! of course , not . I could never be tire of -- Doug stop himself , as it dawns on he . you can see the horror of realization creep across he face . he look at Kelly , wide -ey . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 27 . doug ( cont 'd ) ( realizing ) it 's I . I be weigh I down . I be not a guy I would hang out with anymore , I be ... me. what 's cool about I ? I do not even eat carb . kelly then eat they . I would rather have you sing than have a thirty - four waist . doug I still have a thirty -- kelly no , you do not , Doug . I buy you pants . ( then ) look . we have be marry ten year . and personally , I would like to be marry fifty more , but if you stay like this ... then ... I do not know ... doug we be go to be marry fifty more year , Kelly . I be go to find old Doug . I just have to figure out where to look . Kelly take a breath , and pull out a map . she hand it to Doug , who look at it . doug ( cont 'd ) Woody 's map ? kelly I take it away from he at the party . he would not stop wave it at Bob and Dudley . doug I think you agree it be a bad idea . kelly it might be . but I be desperate , Doug . I want we to be happy again . so go on it . it 's my anniversary present to you . doug really ? ( consider , then ) I only get you a ankle bracelet . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 28. kelly all I want be old Doug back . please . this marriage can not survive without he . Doug take this in , and smile at she . she 's a good wife , and he know it . suddenly , bob enter the room . bob Doug ! be you okay ? doug yeah , I be okay . just stress . bob oh , man . thank god . kelly ( to bob ) where 's Karen ? bob oh , she 's wait in the parking -- sfx : a loud honk from the parking lot . bob ( cont 'd ) that 's she . Bob look out the window nervously . Kelly look at doug. kelly you all need this trip . Doug give she a know nod , then turn to Bob . doug bob. let 's forget about daytona bike week . let 's ride across U.S. 50 . bob yeah ? be you sure ? I mean , we will be leave behind everything we be use to . sfx : the horn honk again from outside . karen ( o.c. ) ( yell from parking lot ) Bob !? you say two minute ! I be not circle !! Bob cringe . Doug share a look with Kelly , then to Bob : " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 29 . doug yeah . I think that might be okay . dissolve to : ext . STREET - the next week doug be riding he harley , which be load with gear ( sleep bag , spare gas tank , saddle bag ) . he approach a freeway entrance ramp , where woody and dudley and bob be wait on they bike , next to a entrance ramp sign that read : U.S. highway 50 . the guy all tap fist , then notice Dudley be grin ear to ear . woody ( to dudley ) what ? what 's wrong with you ? dudley I get a tat . bob a tattoo ? you get a tattoo ? dudley I be a biker , dude ! I get a tat ! Dudley yank he jacket down to he elbow and we see he be wear a sleeveless shirt underneath . on he bicep be a tattoo of the macintosh Apple . the guy nod , try to look impressed . doug wow . that 's ... dudley trademarked , I know . but what be they go to do ? it 's in my skin , bitch ! Dudley laugh and pull on he jacket , as Woody tie a bandana skull - cap on he head . the guy look at Woody . doug you be not wear a helmet ? woody nape . I do not want anything between I and the road , man . doug you will if you head fall on it . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 30 . Woody shrug and start he bike . woody look , the only rule on this trip be to have no plan . we be riding to San Francisco , and nothing else be plan . just riding free . doug well , if we be go to make it in five day , we will should probably get to Illinois by tonight . bob yeah , the way I mapped it out - we should be a hundred mile past St. Louis by sundown . woody what ? no. no plan . it 's the open road . who know where we will be . doug I do . I have this little gps system . Doug show they a handheld gps system . Woody grab it and throw it into a storm drain . doug ( cont 'd ) hey ! what the hell , man ? that be expensive ! woody I do it for the good of the trip , Doug . you do not need gps to discover America . we just need the wind , we bike , and freedom . and if we have a emergency , I always have a cell phone -- Woody take out a cellphone . Doug grab it and throw it in the storm drain . doug hah ! how 's that feel ? Woody give Doug a long look , then slowly smile . woody it feel good . it feel damn good . ( announce ) no cell phone ! " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 31 . doug ( worried ) what ? bob he 's right , doug. Wild hog ! Bob take he cellphone and throw it in the storm drain . doug ( to bob ) you just do that so Karen would not call . bob yup . Bob start he bike . doug so we be not even go to talk about this ? I mean , should not we at least -- dudley yeeeeaaah ! freedom !! Dudley throw he cellphone , but instead of go into the storm drain , it go fly into traffic and smashes against a oncoming pickup truck . we hear the truck screech to a stop after it pass they . doug ( quickly ) okay , let 's ride ! the guy all hastily start they bike and take off up the freeway ramp . we hear the truck driver scream profanity as they guiltily ride away . CUT to : ext . highway U.S. 50 - later that day music cue : blue oyster cult 's " ( don't fear ) the reaper . " the four guy ride along the highway , through the hill of Indiana , smile and nodd to each other . it 's the easy Rider moment . the camera rotate around and pull overhead . it 's beautiful country and the guy be in heaven . Dudley wear a clunky helmet from the eighty , as well as World War ii motorcycle goggle . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 32 . a family in a station wagon pull up to next to they . two kid press they face against the window , look at the biker in awe . Bob look over at the kid in he mirrore sunglass and give they a badass nod . the kid be amaze . Bob look to doug. Doug grin . they love this . Bob give a signal to the other guy and gun he engine . the other nod , gun they engine and speed away from the station wagon . the kid watch with they mouth open . ext . highway U.S. 50 - later that afternoon the guy be cruise along as before , but now we see the sky have get very cloudy and overcast . sfx : thunder crack the guy look up at the sky apprehensively . ext . highway U.S. 50 - a few minute later it 's now pour rain . the guy ride along in misery , get soak . after a moment , the station wagon from before pull back up to they . the kid be still press against the window , stare at the drench biker . Bob look over and try to give they another cocky nod - but now it 's just embarrassing . end music cue ext . roadside US - 50 - that evening the sun have go down , and the guy have find a desert area off the highway to set up camp . doug , woody and bob lounge by a fire - with a tent set up behind they . Doug be roasting marshmallow and Bob be strain to blow up a air mattress . doug ( to bob ) why do not you just bring a sleep bag like we ? bob this be more comfortable . ( blow a breath into it ) I wish Karen would have let I buy the foot pump , though . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 33. Bob continue to inflate the mattress , as Dudley approach with a knotted plastic grocery bag . dudley this be poop . do not eat it . Dudley set the bag aside and have a seat by the fire . doug Dudley ? you be suppose to bury that . woody yes . go bury it . dudley it 's in a plastic bag . I can not put that in the earth . I will find a trash bin tomorrow . the guy shake they head and look back into the fire . after a moment , Doug smile . doug this be really nice , you know ? chill by the fire with you best friend . just relax , and enjoy -- woody ( to dudley ) I be sorry . Dudley , you have to get rid of that bag or I be go to vomit in you lap . doug -- each other 's company ... Dudley grab the bag and head off . dudley Fine . I will just hang it on a tree . woody ( yell after he ) do not hang it on a tree ! doug yup ... this be the time we will remember . after a minute , Doug turn to Woody and Bob . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 34 . doug ( cont 'd ) hey , when be the last time you guy hear I sing bon jovi ? woody oh , man . thank God that stop . bob it 's be awhile . you be not as obnoxious as you use to be . you use to eat a lot more buffalo wing , too . doug yeah , I know . turn out there 's carb in the batter . hey , you know what ? maybe carb be what I need to get old Doug back . woody Old Doug ? you have lose you dad ? doug no . I think I have lose I . it 's this thing Kelly say . ( beat ) you know what it be ? I think I be tame . I be like a lion that use to be wild , but now I be in some Disney park where tourist come by and take picture of I like I be a lion , but after they leave , I go into my kennel and eat antelope nugget or something . one without carb . bob I know what you be talk about . I lose old Bob , too . I think my wife and daughter kill he . I be surround by woman every minute of my life . and it 's make I , you know ... doug a wimp ? bob what ? no . I be go to say miserable . you think I be a wimp ? doug no . I just think that be what you be ... I think you want we to guess , and I do not have a guess , so I say " wimp . " know it be wrong ... " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 35 . woody you be a wimp , Bob . I will say it . you be afraid of girl . it 's embarrassing . Dudley come up and sit back down . dudley I be afraid of girl . woody you be afraid to talk to one . Bob be afraid they will kill he in he sleep . dudley wow . now I really do not want to talk to one . bob you know , it 's not always so bad . like , when Karen sleep , she still crawl over and push up against I . just snuggle right up like she need I . I like that . I like that a lot . ( then , sober ) then the sun come up and turn she into a raging she-demon . doug yeah , I guess life just be not as simple as it be when we be in college . well , except for you , Woody . you be still live the fairy tale . swimsuit model wife . Big job at a investment firm . you have get the good life . Woody do not respond . he just stare vacantly into the fire for a beat . woody ( flatly ) yeah ... the good life . I be a lucky man . dudley my life blow . I do not have a family . or a wife . I have a cat that do not like I . she would not even stick around if she know how to use a can opener . the guy all look at Dudley . bob hey , Dudley . you have get we , buddy . and you be go to get a woman , too . ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 36 bob ( cont 'd ) I tell you we be go to hit some strip club when we get back . dudley Nah , I do not like that place -- bob Dudley -- please . I be try to help you here . dudley I know . I just do not -- bob please ! stripper be nice to I ! dudley okay ... sorry . we will go . bob thanks , man . ( then ) I be just ... try to be a good friend . doug we know , Bob . woody I will go , too . doug there 's a surprise . Doug pull a flame marshmallow out of the fire . doug ( cont 'd ) all right , who want they marshmallow well - do ? the guy just look at it . doug ( cont 'd ) yeah , I leave that one on too long . Doug flip the stick and the marshmallow go fly behind he . the guy do not notice - but we see the marshmallow land on the tent and continue to burn . Bob continue to huff on the air mattress . he stop and look at it . bob ( out of breath ) I think I be half way there . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 37 . woody in just one hour . doug ( to bob ) you sure you do not want we to spread out a sleep bag ? we have three in the -- Doug turn around and see a foot - wide flame now burn on the tent . doug ( cont 'd ) shit ! the tent -- Doug and the guy jump up and hurry over to the tent . doug ( cont 'd ) Dudley , get the water jug off my bike ! Dudley hurry over to Doug 's bike as Doug and Bob try to smother the flame with sand . doug ( cont 'd ) it should be okay . it 's fire retardant . the guy try and extinguish the flame as Dudley come run with a jug . he quickly take off the cap . Doug notice he . doug ( cont 'd ) Dudley , no ! that 's '' it 's too late . Dudley be already throw it on the fire . the liquid hit the tent and it explode into flame . the guy shield themselves . doug ( cont 'd ) Gas ! that 's the spare gas tank , Dudley ! Dudley do not know what to say . the fire quickly disentergrate the tent . Doug , Bob and Woody just watch , know there 's nothing they can do . after a moment , dudley run back up with the correct water jug and empty it on what be now a flame pile of ash . it do nothing . dudley we need more water . doug that be all of it , Dudley . that be all the water we have . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 38 . dudley oh. Dudley take this in for a moment . dudley ( cont 'd ) be anybody else thirsty ? the guy just look at he . dissolve to : ext . roadside US - 50 -- the next morning bob , doug , woody and dudley be all sleep on Bob 's air mattress , like four sardine . Doug open he eye to see a large figure stand at the foot of the air mattress . it 's a stern - look highway patrolman . highway patrolman you guy all right ? doug yeah . yeah , just on a road trip . highway patrolman all right . just make sure . ( beat ) look pretty comfortable , actually . we see the highway patrolman have start rub he thigh . Doug quickly jump up , waking the other . doug okay , well ... thanks for stop . have a nice day , officer . the highway patrolman laugh . highway patrolman all right , I get it . ( wink ) five 's a crowd . Doug be mortify . the officer look they over for a moment . highway patrolman ( cont 'd ) you guy be lucky to have each other . ( look at they hungrily ) damn lucky . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 39 . dudley ( oblivious ) that 's what I always say . Dudley get up and put he arm around Doug . we see he 's wear a saggy pair of brief and nothing else . highway patrolman well ... have a good one . the patrolman walk off . Dudley look at Doug and grin . dudley Morning . doug please put you pants on . ext . highway U.S. 50 - later that afternoon the guy cruise through the roll prairy of Missouri . it 's another beautiful day . they ride in formation , until Woody 's bandana doo- rag blow off . Woody go back to get it . the other guy stop and wait for he to return . ext . highway U.S. 50 - later the guy be still riding - but now the heat of the Missouri plain be take it 's toll . they look boil , and have sweat through they clothes . Bob take a drink of water from a bottle of water , then pour the water over he head . he breathes a sigh of relief , until he hear a angry yell behind he . he look back and see Woody be now drench from the water . Bob smile sheepishly as Woody burn . ext . highway U.S. 50 - later that day the guy ride through the forest Ozark upland , look even hotter than before . Doug spot a waterfall pour into a crystal clear spring , and point to it . the guy nod in agreement . CUT to : " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 40 . ext . blanchard spring , ozark national forest - later doug , woody , and dudley wade into the spring water in they boxer . you can see on they face that it 's like dip into heaven . after a moment , bob walk up . bob thanks for wait for I , jerk . the guy look up to see that Bob be naked . he smile and cannonballs into the water . bob ( cont 'd ) whhheew : yeah ! that 's c-c-cold : he see doug , woody and dudley be just stare at he . bob ( cont 'd ) what ? woody why be you naked ? bob we be swim . you guy keep on you skivy ? doug skivy ? what be you , a newsie ? dudley I keep mine on because I do not want everyone to see my crank . woody ( to bob ) yeah . that , and be naked with a bunch of guy be gay . what 's wrong with you ? bob I do not know . we take shower and stuff together in college . I think this be kind of ... you know , the same . doug I guess I get that . ( thinks ) I mean , we would have be naked in college . why be we ... oh , man . it 's true . we be tame . we be old guy . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 41 . woody no , we be not . do not say that . Doug wiggle he boxer off and hold they in the air . doug I will find old Doug ! Doug smile and throw he short on the shore . Dudley smile , take off he brief and hold they up . dudley I will ... do what Doug do ! Dudley throw the brief to shore . they all look at Woody . he roll he eye and take off he boxer . woody I will be naked with my gay friend , and if they look at my jock , I will kill they . Woody throw the boxer to shore . the guy all look at each other and smile . it 's a nice moment . until a family approach . Doug look at the other guy , wide - eye , as a family with three young kid walk up with a picnic basket . the young kid run and jump into the water . the dad of the family laugh and shake he head . family dad hope you guy do not mind a little company . the mini-van be get a little -- the dad stop talk as he see into the water ... he realize , then look at he kid , concerned . doug um ... well , we be just take a dip . I uh -- woody there 's a shallower spring up the path . the kid might like that even more ... the Mom lay down a blanket and turn to the guy . the dad be still stare , not sure what to do . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 42 . family mom ( to woody ) oh , no . this little squirt like to dive and -- the Mom see a glimmer of something through the water , and realize . she suddenly look very uncomfortable . family mom ( cont 'd ) ( very tense ) janey , Kyle , Holland . out of the water . we be go to find a new spot . janey no , mama . this place have little rock that -- family mom get out of the damn water ! now ! the kid climb out of the water and the parent hurry off with they down the path . after a moment of awkward silence , Doug look at the guy . doug we should go . bob you think ? they be go , now . woody yeah , we could stay another few -- voice ( o.c. ) whhheeeeew ! the guy look to the other side of the spring to see the highway patrolman cannonball naked into the spring . they stare , horrify , as he pop up and smile at they . highway patrolman saw you be bike out there . you guy ever chicken fight ? the guy look at each other for a moment , then ; doug / bob / woody / dudley ahhhh ! / oh , god ! / run ! they frantically sprint out of the water , grab they clothes and hurry away . dissolve to : " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 43. ext . highway U.S. 50 - late that afternoon the guy be back on they bike , cruise along the wheat field of Kansas . they be look tired once again , but suddenly Doug smile ... on the horizon , a bar come into view . out front be several row of harley davidson . Doug point it out to the guy and they all smile . it 's like a oasis . the pull into the parking lot and climb off they bike . Bob immediately fall to the ground . bob dammit ! leg 's asleep . the guy go to help Bob up , as Dudley get off he bike and fall to the ground . dudley I , too . doug you guy have to shift every once in awhile . blood have to circulate . a moment later . Dudley and Bob be up and wiggling they sleep limb , as Woody look up at the bar . woody now this be the best part of any road trip . see we brother on wheel . look at this place . America ! the guy look at it and nod . it be a cool look shack of a bar . Doug admire the row of motorcycle out front . doug look at this bike . they be all classic . bob oh , man . check it out . a 1951 panhead . you know how rare this thing be ? the guy all crowd around the bike . doug yeah , but why do not he customize it ? you have a 51 panhead and you do not chrome out the exhaust ? or airbrush a eagle on the gas tank ? what a waste . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 44 . woody probably no good custom store out here in hick -land . we will leave them a catalog . the guy push open the door and step into the bar . int . biker bar - continuous the bar be full of biker , but not the kind we see before . this guy be greasy , tattooe and menace . we see they jacket say " hell angel . " the biker turn and stare at woody , doug , bob and dudley . doug ( to biker ) how 's it go ? bob hell angel , huh ? you guy be legend . I be surprised we have never see you in daytona . the biker kind of chuckle to themselves . the leader of the gang , jack , step forward . he 's in he late 40' - and look like he could break you into bite size piece . jack yeah , how do we keep miss that ? the biker all laugh . Doug and the guy join in , though they do not quite get what 's so funny . jack ( cont 'd ) so you be " Wild hog , " huh ? that 's you gang ? doug well , not a gang . just friend . Friends that ride ... you know . jack so it 's like a little hobby for you guy ? how sweet . Doug smile , but be now sense the hostility . he look back for the exit . dudley ( to jack ) yeah , just a little hobby for we . ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 45 . dudley ( cont 'd ) we be all successful professional in real life . but on Tuesday and Sunday afternoon ... we be biker ! Dudley spin around and show they the back of he jacket . jack wow . that 's great . can I try that on ? dudley Hell yeah , brother . Dudley whip he jacket off and hand it to Jack , who pull it on he massive frame . he show it to the gang , who laugh again . Dudley do , too . dudley ( cont 'd ) so who 's ' 51 panhead be that ? sweet ride . Woody have a catalog so you can make it cool . woody no , I do not . Doug do . I think it 's great the way it be . Doug glare at Woody incredulously . Woody shrug . jack ( to dudley ) well , if you like my ' 51 , we should trade ... " brother . " doug dudley -- dudley ( ignoring doug ) I wish ! I just have a sportster . it 's worth , like , half of yours . jack a sportster !? that 's what I grow up on . I have be want another sportster . it 's a deal ! dudley seriously ? you be serious !? doug Dudley , maybe you should -- " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 46 . dudley Doug , do not worry . yeah , I will have a cooler bike than you , but that do not mean I will get all cocky . doug dudley -- dudley hey , I do not care what you say ! I ride a panhead now ! I be better than you ! jack come on , dud . let 's go see how you look on it . Jack smile and lead Dudley outside . Doug , Bob and Woody share a uncertain look . woody anybody else get that " pre-rape " feel ? ext . biker bar - continuous everyone be stand out front . Dudley start to get on the classic motorcycle . Jack stop he . jack oh , no , no . that 's oilcan 's ride . my ' 51 panhead be right over there . Jack point to a pile of abandon rusty motorcycle . among it be the junked carcass of a ' 51 panhead next to a old , rusty sidecar . Dudley look confuse . dudley that ? that 's a piece of junk . jack yup . you piece of junk . Woody , Doug and Bob look at each other . this be not good . Doug try to laugh it off . doug all right , guy . we get the joke ... good one . anyway , we actually should get move along . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 47 . jack oh , it 's no joke . you want to know the joke ? suburban asshole that buy leather outfit and think they be biker . and it 's a joke I be damn sick of . so I be keep you friend 's bike , I be keep this jacket , and you guy be go to turn the hell around and go back to wherever you come from , because the next hundred mile of this highway belong to the hell angel . the color drain from the Wild hog 's face . dudley like a adopt a highway thing ? jack like a " go home or we be go to split you skull open " thing . Bob make a audible whimper . Doug elbow he , and try to look brave . doug all right . we respect that this be you turf , and we be sorry for bother you . but we can not head back without my friend 's bike . so clearly we be go to have to work something out here . Jack look back at the hell angel and nod . jack you be right . we be go to have to work something out . CUT to : ext . highway U.S. 50 - later we see doug , bob and woody riding away from the bar , look very glum . the camera pull out to reveal the rusty sidecar be now attach to Woody 's bike . dudley sit in it look miserable and cold ( have lose he jacket and now in he sleeveless shirt ) . the guy get a good distance away from the bar and Woody wave for they to stop . they do and Woody look back to the bar . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 48 . woody all right . let 's just give they a few minute to get back inside - then shoot right past they . bob what ? be you nut ? doug the trip 's over , Woody . let 's just head back home . woody we be go to turn back after all this mile ? just because some fat bully 's push we around ? doug bob yes . yes . Woody shake he head and look at Dudley . dudley I go wherever you go . woody good. see ? Dudley 's get some ball . dudley no , my sidecar 's just attach to you bike . I would prefer to turn back , but I could only roll so far ... woody I can not believe you guy . what a bunch of pussy . the whole point of this trip be to live , man . doug that 's the point , Woody . we life be not on this highway . they be back home . we have family , job , wife ... or cat ... we be not go to piss off a biker gang . we be go back . Woody take this in , gritting he tooth in disappointment . doug ( cont 'd ) come on , Woody . you do not want to take this risk . you have Claudia , and you job ... you have a great life back home . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 49 . Woody look up at he . something about this have spark something in Woody 's eye , but he cover it up with a calm smile . woody you be right , I do . but maybe I should talk to that guy one more time . I mean , I be a executive at a investment firm . I have make a career out of convincing people and this be just people . you guy wait here . Woody start up he bike . Doug and Bob look at each other and shrug . Dudley hurry out of the sidecar . dudley I will wait here , too . you will get better gas mileage . Dudley get out and fall to the ground . dudley ( cont 'd ) leg 's asleep . Woody shake he head and start back to the bar . ext . biker bar - same time Woody ride up to the bar , and look back to make sure he 's out of Doug , Bob and Dudley 's sight . he see that he be , and kneel next to the line of hell angel motorcycle . he take out a army knife , and slice through one of the motorcycle 's gas line . Gas start leak out onto the ground and Woody nod . woody ( to himself ) come after we now , asshole . Woody go along to each bike , smile with a weird recklessness as he slice through each gas line . ext . highway U.S. 50 - a few minute later woody pull up on he bike , where doug , bob and dudley be wait . woody they be cool with it . we can press on . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 50 . bob seriously ? woody yup . I try to be polite . I try to reason . I tell they Dudley be die . dudley what ? woody well , technically we be all die , Dudley . just very slowly . Dudley look concerned . dudley oh my god , you be right . ( realizing ) I be slowly die . woody anyway , none of that work . so I laid it out for they . I say , " hey , go ahead and assault we . because we might be not be real biker , but we know real lawyer . and the moment you touch we be the moment you get you ass sue . because this be the real world - with real law , and real consequence . " and they back down . the guy be impressed . doug you really say that ? woody yup . and I think they will give we Dudley 's bike on the way back , so let 's go . Quick . before they change they mind . Woody quickly start he bike and ride on . the guy shrug , impressed , and follow he . after a moment , we see they all speed by the bar . int . biker bar - same time Jack be play dart with the other biker . he go to throw a dart and hear engine roar past the bar outside . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 51 . he quickly turn , which make the dart he be throw fly off target and stick into the shoulder of one of the biker , ( oilcan ) . oilcan ow ! shit , man ! Jack listen as the engine pass the bar and fade away . Jack shake he head , enraged . jack saddle up , boy . somebody do not listen . the guy nod and head outside . oilcan pull the dart out of he shoulder , and stop by Jack on the way out . oilcan try and watch the throw , okay Jack ? Jack glare at oilcan for a beat , then jab a dart into he peck . oilcan ( cont 'd ) owww ! Jesus ! ( off Jack 's icy glare ) sorry . dissolve to : ext . biker bar - a minute later the hell angel roar away from the bar on they motorcycle . they get to the end of the driveway , and the bike sputter and choke to a stop . angle on : jack . he 's on he hog , with a cigarette dangle out of he mouth . he look down in confusion at the suddenly stall bike . jack what the f-- ( see cut gas line ) you have gotta be kid I . suddenly , the cigarette fall out of jack mouth , and onto the ground . a puddle of gas from the slice line catch on fire . jack ( cont 'd ) shit . the flame quickly follow the line of leak gas like a fuse , back towards the bar . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 52 . almost as quickly as the biker can turn to look , the flame have reach the parking area and ignite all the puddle of gas . they all watch in horror as the fire ravenously engulf the old wooden porch of the bar , then the roof ... ext . highway U.S. 50 - same time the guy happily cruise along the highway . we see woody look in he side - view mirror and notice a large , black plume of smoke back in the distance . a look of worry creep over he face . dissolve to : ext . motel - that evening the guy pull up to a small motel , as the sun set behind the wheat field of Kansas . woody no , we be not stop here . Riding at night be half the fun . let 's just keep -- doug -- I can not feel my nut , Woody . and Kelly still want another kid . doug , bob and dudley head inside the motel office . woody ( call after Doug ) so , adopt a kid . you already have two white one , anyway . the guy ignore he . Woody look back down the highway uneasily , then head inside the motel office . ext . biker bar - same time jack , and the other biker stand by the smolder pile of wood that be once they bar . oilcan approach Jack . oilcan I get my old lady bring some gas . we can get move by nightfall . jack ( boiling ) forget it . that guy be long go . ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 53. jack ( cont 'd ) they be not stupid enough to stop until they be five hundred mile from here . CUT to : int . motel room - same time doug , bob and dudley be in they motel room . woody stand at the window , nervously look outside . woody ( to guy ) I just think it 's just stupid to stop this soon , you know ?... we can keep riding under the star . all night . doug Woody , you headlight do not even work . woody you think I will not ride without light ? I can feel the road . let 's go . I will even race somebody . who 's racing I ? doug do you inhale exhaust fume ? because something be happen to you brain . I think it might be retardation . woody I just want to ride . let 's go ! doug whatever , corky . Doug shrug Woody off and dial he cell phone . doug ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hey , honey . it 's I . Woody glare at Doug . woody you be call Kelly ? you be not aloud to call wife on a road trip . doug ( to woody ) I can call my wife whenever I want . ( into phone ) yeah . Woody . good guess ... ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 54 . doug ( cont 'd ) yeah , I be have a great time . no old Doug , yet , but I have not get sun - burn ... Woody look at bob. woody you agree with I , right ? bob yeah , I actually agree with you on this one . let 's not call wife . doug ( into phone ) yeah , Bob agree with he . good guess again . man , I really miss you . woody be you kid I ? I have to leave . let I know when lame hour be over . doug ( to woody ) Woody , you can call Claudia when I be do , if you want . you can use my cell . woody no , I be not call Claudia . I mean , yes I want to , but I will not . because I be on a road trip with my pal . and cell phone be not even allow ! Woody storm out . Doug hear something on the phone , and light up . doug ( into phone ) hey , billy ! how 's it -- ( then , into phone ) where would he go ?... oh . he think you be order pizza . uh huh . well , tell he I say hi . dissolve to : ext . highway U.S. 50 - the next morning doug , bob , woody and dudley ride along the highway , as the sun burn the morning fog off of the wheat field . Doug look over to Woody and yell above the motorcycle engine . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 55 . doug I can not believe you make we leave so early . you really want to see the sun rise ? woody yeah , man . it warm my heart , with it 's ... ( thinks ) Gentle ... ray . Doug give he a curious look , as they pass a sign that say " Lucas , Kansas . population : 436 " bob ( yell over engine ) hey ! let 's stop for breakfast , I be starve . woody what !? no ! we be not hungry yet . bob I just say I be -- woody you be not ! fatty ! Bob look hurt . Doug give Woody a stern look . doug come on , Woody . it look like a neat town . and Dudley 's get another bag of poop to throw away . Dudley nod . Woody grit he tooth as they enter the town . it 's a quiet , one stop -light town - with a old fashioned main street and town square . we see a banner over the street advertising a block party that night . it 's a postcard version of small town America . int . MAIN STREET diner - same time the owner , bud , be press up against the glass - watch the motorcycle come down Main street . he shake he head . bud oh , do not tell I they be here again already . I just get the window replace . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 56 . Bud walk back to the bar , past he daughter ( and diner waitress ) maggie , 28 , pretty in that cute , small town way . maggie just stay calm , dad . at least it 's not all of they , this time . ext . MAIN STREET diner - same time the guy pull up to the diner and we see the local pedestrian hustle away . the street be soon desert , but the guy do not notice . they go to park they bike , but there 's not enough space . there 's a police car in the parking spot next to they , and the town sheriff , charley , come run towards it from across the street . charley I will move it ! hold on , I will move it ! charley jump into the car and back it out of its spot . the guy look at each other , surprised . doug wow . Lucas be a polite town . bob that 's how this little town be . it 's unspoil America . woody it 's a shithole . let 's keep move . the guy ignore Woody and enter the diner . woody ( cont 'd ) okay , we will get it to go , then . we can ride and eat if it 's wrap in a tortilla . Woody get no response . he look back down the road , uneasily , then follow the guy in . int . MAIN STREET diner - same time bob , doug , woody and dudley enter , with they motorcycle boot thunking on the wood floor , announce to the entire diner that there be biker there . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 57 everyone freeze and the place go silent . the only sound be a single fork drop onto a plate . bud be pulsing with anger , but he swallow it down . bud good morning , gentleman . how nice of you to join we this afternoon . doug well , how could we pass through this town without stop ? everything look so perfect . bud ( seething ) but you will change that , huh ? doug Excuse I ? maggie run up and guide she dad away from the guy . maggie I will take care of they , daddy . ( to guy , extra polite ) good morning . maggie smile . she have a radiant sweetness , even though she 's scared to death . dudley stare at she , captivate . he 's in love . maggie ( cont 'd ) where would you gentleman like to sit ? doug be there any booth open ? all the people quickly jump out of they booth . bob wow . everyone be so nice , here . the guy sit in one of the booth . Dudley hang back , and struggle to talk to maggie . dudley ( to maggie ) um ... so ? Dudley try to think of something else to say , but can not . he nod awkwardly , then head over to the booth . he sit down with the guy . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 58 . dudley ( cont 'd ) ( to guy ) she 's perfect . doug you like the waitress , huh ? dudley I want to say something funny to she , but I could only think of black joke . maggie , still very skittish , approach the table . maggie and what would you gentleman like today ? Doug look to the next table , where a man be enjoy french toast . doug mmmm . I will have what he 's have . maggie nod obediently and take the man 's plate . she slide it in front of Doug . doug ( cont 'd ) no , uh ... I will take a new one . he can keep he . maggie of course . I be sorry . I be so sorry . maggie quickly put it back on the man 's table . doug hey , it 's okay . really . woody not a big deal . bob ( faking angry ) yeah , just do not let it happen again ! Bob hammer he fist on the table and laugh at he joke , but maggie start to cry . the guy suddenly look confuse as she run to the kitchen in tear . Bob look back to the guy . bob ( cont 'd ) wow . that be not funny . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 59 . dudley it 's hard to be funny without be racist . Doug be look at the town 's local paper , and smile . doug hey , guy . this block party tonight look cool . Music , grill corn , dollar beer , funnel cake . dudley funnel cake !? let 's stay here tonight ! woody no , no , no , no . we have a schedule . San Francisco be wait . bob what schedule ? you say we be take this trip to live . let 's stick around and live a little . have some small town fun ! Woody go to protest again , but Dudley stand up . dudley ( loudly ) let 's party all night in Lucas ! bud ( o.c. from kitchen area ) God dammit ! what would we do to deserve this !? we angle to see : maggie rush over to calm bud down . Bud calm down , then hear another motorcycle engine roaring down the street . he look out the window and shake he head . bud ( cont 'd ) not another one of this asshole . a moment later , murdock , a fat , grungy hell angel , enter the diner with a cocky swagger and have a seat at the bar . murdock ( to bud ) get I a beer , old man . and if it 's not good , I be go to smash it across you face . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 60 . angle on : the wild hog , watch from the table behind murdock . doug ( sotto , to the guy ) not another one of this asshole . murdock hear this and whip around to see the Wild hog . murdock what would you say ? doug oh , I be actually refer to some guy we meet at a bar about two hundred mile east of here . you be probably not affiliated -- murdock that 's my gang . I be on my way there now . dudley ( loudly , to Doug ) so he be one of that asshole , Doug . murdock Excuse I ? murdock put he beer down , and stare angrily at Doug . murdock ( cont 'd ) and who the hell be you freak ? Doug start to answer , but Woody , look nervous , cut he off . woody -- oh , we be just a group of friend . no big deal . you guy give we permission to pass by , so it 's all good . murdock hell angel 's do not give permission . especially to a bunch of ball - less wimp like you . Bob hammer the table and stand up - he face red with long - suppress rage . bob I be not a wimp , pal ' . I be a man ! you get that ? huh ? you get that !! " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 61 . the guy look at Bob , wide - eye . woody look worried . woody Bob , let 's not get carry away -- bob no , you know what ? this guy need a talk to just like he friend do , Woody . woody but , Bob . I do not think -- bob let I do this , Woody ! you stand up to they last time , and I just sit there like I always do ... well , not this time ! ( turn to murdock ) listen , you piece of shit . you think you can just walk around and bully perfectly nice people ? you think that 's how it work ? well , guess what ? this be the real world . with real law and real consequence . you hear I !? Bob swat murdock 's beer out of he hand . it spill all over he . murdock be too fill with rage to speak . bob ( cont 'd ) now get out of here ! and if that gang of inbred asshole need thing explain to they again , tell them the Wild hog will be right here in Lucas tonight . Woody put he face into he hand . bob ( cont 'd ) now get . murdock just stare dagger at he . bob ( cont 'd ) get ! Bob kick the stool out from under murdock . he almost fall , but catch himself on a stool . he glare at the guy , but he 's outnumber . he grit he tooth and storm out the door . Woody wince to himself as he watch murdock go . this be not good . after a moment , bud come run out from behind the bar . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 62 . bud wait ... you guy be not hell angel ? doug we ? oh , no . we be from Cincinnati . Bud call out to the kitchen . bud charley !? they be not the bad one ! charley , the sheriff from before , stand up from behind a countertop in the kitchen . charley you guy be not hell angel ? doug no. we be Wild hog . that 's we gang . ( then ) and we rotary club softball team ... my wife have extra patch . charley well , sweet Mary Joseph ... welcome to Lucas ! I be the sheriff , charley baskin . I keep the peace here . doug be not you just hide in the kitchen ? charley well ... a non-confrontation approach sometimes be the best method to keep aggression ... ( give up ) yeah , I be hide in the kitchen . charley look at they for a moment , then start to tear up . charley ( cont 'd ) I be a embarrassment . charley hurry off to the bathroom . the guy look at each other . doug well , now he be . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 63. ext . MAIN STREET - a few minute later charley walk through the town square with doug , bob , woody and dudley . there 's a stage and booth set up around the park in the center - ready for the block party . as the news spread that the Wild hog be friendly , the townspeople start to take to the street again . charley sorry about all the confusion when you arrive . that guy be pretty rough . you be the first people to ever stand up to they . doug well , Woody be the one who really -- bob hey -- we should probably share the credit . I mean , I just basically kick that guy 's ass . man ! you know how good that feel !? yeah ! Bob punch a handicapped parking sign , which rattles against its post , then fall to the ground . Bob immediately look regretful . doug Nice . now the paraplegic can park down the block and get more exercise . bob ( suddenly meek again ) should I fix it ? oh , man . I should . ( to charley ) I be sorry ... I do not mean to -- charley forget about it . we only have one cripple and he get pull around in a wagon . come on , I want to show you guy something . charley lead the guy off . int . police garage - a few minute later charley flip on the light in a neatly organize police garage . in the middle sit a sparkling , unridden harley davidson police bike . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 64 . doug wow . that 's fantastic . bob you ride this ? charley oh , no . the hell angel would take it to piece if they ever see I on it . I just keep it in here . Polish it and so forth . but I would never let they see it . doug that guy be that big of a problem , huh ? charley yeah . they ride into town a few time a month and get drunk , damage property ... basically turn the place upside down . doug and the police do not do anything ? charley well , it 's a small town - and I and the dooble brother be the only law . and they be still pretty green . woody can not you call a bigger town or something for backup ? charley yeah , I have do that a few time . but the gang be always go by the time they get here . we have also try wear riot gear , which do protect you from be hit , but not from be drag . also , one of the dooble brother try to throw tear gas , but the bottle explode and blow off he ear . dudley ech . charley yeah , he 's hard to look at . ( then ) anyway , we want you guy to stay at we hotel tonight on we ... see as you be the new town heroes and all . " wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 65 . the guy look flatter . except Woody . woody oh , thanks , but we be actually move on -- doug ( to dudley ) we would be honore to stay . thank you . Woody 's look at Doug in protest . Doug give he a stern glare . charley and if you be not in a rush to leave in the morning -- we have get a great trout stream you might want to check out . dudley cool ! let 's fish ! Doug shrug . doug sure . let 's do it . woody uh uh . no , I be put my foot down , here . I still get a vote on what we do , you know ? and I want my vote . doug okay . of course you get a vote . Woody nod and look at Bob and Dudley . they clearly intend to stay . woody I actually get three vote . because I plan the trip . doug but you do not plan the voting system . I do . so you only get one . sorry . Doug , Bob and Dudley walk off . Woody fume . woody you know what ? Old Doug be not such a douchebag ! " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 66 . ext . biker bar - same time murdock have arrive at the bar , which be just a burn shack at this point . the Hell 's angel be gather around , watch jack beat the crap out of a remain wall with a pipe . he finally stop when the wall have crumble . jack that asshole think they can cross the hell angel ? do you know how bad they have make we all look !? the gang nod . they all look piss . jack ( cont 'd ) that guy have some ball . ball I will put in my mouth and chew on !! the gang look at Jack with a slight smile . oilcan chuckle . oilcan you be go to put ball in you mouth ? the gang laugh . Jack realize what the joke be ... jack no ! I be not -- I be go to put my foot up they ass ! both foot ! Hell , I be go to stick anything I can in they ass , and I be go to enlov it . the guy start laugh again . Jack boil red . jack ( cont 'd ) shut up !! I do not mean -- just get on you damn bike ! we be riding to Lucas ! the guy start towards they bike . oilcan sidle up next to Jack . oilcan sometimes it help if you say thing in you mind first , then say it out loud , you know ? Jack look at oilcan for a beat , then bend down , pick a dart up out of the ash , and jab it into he shoulder . oilcan ( cont 'd ) oww ! dammit ! " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 67 . jack I do that in my mind , first . Jack smile calmly and walk off . ext . MAIN STREET HOTEL - that afternoon doug , bob , woody and dudley exit out of a old fashioned hotel next to the diner . they cross to the town square , where the block party be in full swing . townspeople mingle around eat corn-on - the- cob and hotdog . up on the stage , a plump , middle - age man with a goatee and a polo shirt tuck into docker - sing Justin timberlake 's " rock you body . " plump man so you grab you girl , and you grab a couple more . and you all come meet I , in the middle of the floor . gonna rock you body ! ' till the break of day -- the man drop to he knee at the edge of stage and reach he hand out to the audience , like the star of a boy band ; however , it 's clearly make the people on the dance floor uncomfortable . meanwhile , Doug , Bob , Woody and Dudley walk through the square and be instantly greet , pat on the back and thank by each townsperson they pass . the word be out that this guy be heroes . Doug give a " can you believe this ? " look to the other guy - who be just as thrilled as he . they be eat it up . doug this people love we . this be nut . bob yeah . they think we be bad ass . doug well , let 's not get too carry away with it . the truth be we be just regular guy . let 's not forget that . dudley yeah , the best thing be to keep a low profile . do not cause any wave . then if somebody push we too far , boom ! we go billy Jack upside they head ! " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 68 . woody you be go to go billy Jack ? dudley nooo . I be just mind my own business . I do not want to cause any trouble . Dudley turn to Woody and stare at he . Woody look confuse . woody ( to dudley ) what ? doug he 's wait for you to say something else , then he 's go to kick you . Dudley get a deflate look and back off of Woody . dudley ( to woody ) Doug just save you a world of hurt . woody you be afraid of you cat . dudley yeah , well ... he once bit I on the sack . Dudley walk off towards the beer tent . Woody look to the other guy with a puzzle look . bob it 's true . he be unclogge he bathtub drain and the cat think it be a ball of yarn . Doug and Woody wince . angle on : dudley , at the beer tent . he get in line , and realize he 's behind maggie . she smile at he . maggie hi. Dudley be wide - eye . dudley um ... I , uh --- ( scrambling ) what do you call a mercede in harlem ? " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 69 . maggie look confuse . maggie Excuse I ? dudley nothing -- uh ... maggie notice the tattoo on Dudley 's shoulder . maggie wow . you like mac too , huh ? I have get a vintage Apple 2e . restore it from scratch . Dudley 's jaw drop . dudley I - - have a cookie jar make out of a 2e . for fig newton . maggie wow . I like fig newton . Dudley collect himself and try to speak . dudley yeah . they be like fry chicken at a-- no , that 's not ... dammit ! this be hard . maggie smile sweetly as Dudley fumble . maggie you want to dance ? Dudley go to respond , then decide to just give a emphatic nod . maggie smile . ext . town square - a few minute later doug , bob and woody be sit at a picnic table , drink beer out of plastic cup . they lean back and soak up the small town celebration around they . it 's a great night . doug it do not get any better than this , huh ? Bob notice Doug get ready to chomp down on a piece of garlic bread . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 70 . bob that 's a lot of carb . Doug stop , mid-bite , and put the bread down . doug thanks , Bob . you save I from all that ... buttery , garlicky flavor . woody no he do not . Woody take the garlic bread and cram it in he mouth . woody ( cont 'd ) ( mouth full ) I do . doug I hope you choke on it . charley approach with he two deputy , earl dooble and buck dooble . they be chubby , thirty - year old twin - identical in every way , except for the fact that Buck be miss a ear on the right side of he head ... which the skin have scar back over . it do not look good . charley howdy , guy ! welcome to the block party ! this be my deputy : Earl and Buck dooble . Earl shake the guy hand . earl I be Earl and he 's Buck . just remember , the brother with the word " ear , " in he name , have both on he head . ( laugh ) I can only say that because I be on he right side . which as you can see , be blow off . Earl laugh again , as buck extend he hand - oblivious . buck I be Buck and this be Earl . good luck tell we apart ! Buck laugh and turn to charley , expose he miss ear to the guy . they draw back a little . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 71 . doug well , it 's nice to meet you guy . you have get a great town here . charley yeah , we get everything here . good people , good fishing ... earl we do have convict child molester , though . we have to disclose that . charley not if they do not have kid , Earl . earl just to be safe , though . ( yell at crowd of people ) hey !! Thomas milborn ! a bookish man with a tweed jacket turn around and look . earl ( cont 'd ) ( announcing ) convict child molester . Thomas milborn nod glumly and pull he hand out of he pocket . the guy look at each other uneasily . bob well ... still a nice town . woody if you be not a kid . doug or Thomas milborn . angle on : dance floor area : dudley be on the dance floor with maggie . the middle age guy on stage be let loose with a rendition of usher 's " yeah . " maggie and Dudley dance conservatively for a moment , but as the beat get ahold of Dudley , he start get into it . he start spin around at a rapid pace , then drop to he knee , slap the ground and shake he head to the music . maggie watch curiously as Dudley pull himself along the ground by he elbow - then spring up to he foot and start a move that resemble a sprinkler . maggie grin - actually amused by Dudley 's rhythmic passion . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 72 . angle on : the Wild hog 's table . the guy sit with charley , Buck and Earl - watch Dudley with a curious look . charley look like you friend and maggie be hit it off . doug yeah . I think he really like that girl . charley well , maggie 's a great woman . earl yup . Big can , too . Buck like she , but you know ... he 's a deform freak . Buck , on Earl 's leave , stare out at maggie and Dudley , deaf to the conversation . buck I use to like that girl ... but then I realize , I can do better . the guy look at Buck . charley so , why be you guy take this road trip , anyway ? doug ahh , just to escape for a bit . woody hey , we be not escape anything , man . we be on this trip to live . charley I know what you mean . sometimes thing in life can bother you , and sometimes nothing in life can bother you . either way , you have get take a break from it . happiness be somewhere between boredom and stress . Doug be surprised at charley 's insight . so be Woody . woody exactly . which be why we need to keep riding until we figure out where that happiness be . you do not get old Doug back by just stay put . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 73. charley Old Doug ? doug yeah . apparently I have lose he . I do not sing bon jovi anymore . woody you do lose he , Doug . you know why ? you be housebroken . you be too comfortable . you have get to snap out of it ! Doug nod halfheartedly . he know woody might be right . charley ( to doug ) Woody 's get a point , there . comfortable can be a bad thing . you have to wake up and slap the bull once in a while . woody right ! slap the bull ! ( then , to charley ) what ? charley slap the bull be kind of the local test of manhood . it 's a way to prove you be not control by fear . we have all do it . earl yup . even tear -open head , here . he nod at Buck , on he leave . buck you know , I slap the bull once . Woody smile slyly . Doug look concerned . woody we be slapping the bull . doug I do not think we need to . I mean , we can have we own test of manhood . let 's see how many ear of corn we can eat or something . I will start . Doug grab a ear of corn and take a bite , but Woody just grin with that reckless look in he eye . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 74 . woody we be slapping the bull . Doug know it 's no use . he nod , defeat . CUT to : ext . cow pasture - that evening doug , bob , woody , charley , buck and earl approach a fence surround a pasture . charley smile . charley here we be . the Lucas test of manhood . slap the bull . charley gesture to a lone bull graze in the pasture . he 's a frighteningly large bull with enormous horn . woody wow . so it 's literally slapping a bull ? earl yup . right on the ass . then high - tail it out of there , because he can kill ya . doug wow. um ... Woody ? this be you idea , so ... go ahead . Woody nod . woody all right . I be go in . doug / bob you be ? woody Hell yeah . I be gonna slap the shit out of that bull . like , pimp-style . the guy look at he , surprised and somewhat impressed . Woody take a breath and climb over the fence . he approach the bull very quietly and cautiously . he get within three foot of it , lean in and slap the bull hard on the ass . the bull make a annoyed sound and turn around , but Woody be already hightail it back to the fence , with a exhilated look on he face . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 75 . woody ( cont 'd ) whhhheeeeeeew ! Woody get to the fence and hurl himself over . the guy all applaud . woody ( cont 'd ) yes ! wow ! that feel so good . I just slap a big fat bull right on he ass ! do you hear how piss he be !? I just piss of a bull ! ( back to bull ) bitch ! Woody high fives all the guy . doug all right . I be in . I be slapping that bull . the guy cheer as Doug climb over the fence and start head towards the bull . the group all lean on the fence , watch . woody ( to charley ) thanks for bring we out here . Doug really need this . bob yeah . this be good for he . charley sure . glad we could help . buck yeah , and we have never see it do twice in a row . it will be interesting to see how the bull take be slap now that he 's alert . woody / bob alert ? Woody and Bob look at each other , then to the bull - which Doug be about to slap . woody Doug , wait ! it 's too late . Doug slap the bull hard , and turn to run . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 76 . doug wheeeeew !! yeah ! Doug run across the field , but the bull - now fully alert - swivel with magnificent agility and break into a angry charge towards doug. the guy all watch in horror as the bull quickly gain on Doug . Doug see the fear on the guy face and look back over he shoulder . his smile quickly turn to terror . doug ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhh ! it 's too late . the bull catch Doug and buck he into the air . Doug fly ten foot and come crash down on the muddy grass . the bull take a few step back and start lining up another charge at he . woody oh , no you do not ! Woody jump over the fence and run into the field . woody ( cont 'd ) heeeeey ! hey you ! come get I , bull ! the bull notice Woody and start to charge he . woody ( cont 'd ) run , Doug ! go! Doug climb to he foot and see the bull charge Woody . Woody realize he 's in trouble and start to run again . the bull quickly catch he and ram he into the air . Woody land hard , with a grunt . the bull turn back to charge at Woody again , and Bob jump over the fence . bob hey ! leave he alone ! you want some of this !? come get this ! Bob sprint out into the field . the bull snort and start towards he . the bull close on Bob quick , but at the last moment Bob dive of the way . the bull go fly past he . bob ( cont 'd ) hah ! miss I , you fat bastard ! " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 77 . Doug and Woody look impressed as Bob help they hurry towards the fence . charley and Buck hold a gate open for they as the bull make a turn and line the group up , but they have already make it to the gate . they go through and charley shut it behind they . they lean back on the fence , try to gather they bearing , except Bob - who be thrilled . bob ( cont 'd ) do you see I ? I dodge he ! I dodge that stupid cow ! how cool be -- suddenly , the bull charge into the fence , which Bob 's butt be stick through . Bob go fly and land face down in the dirt . he scramble back up , furious . bob ( cont 'd ) you son of a bitch ! you want to keep it go !? you want to take cheap shot !? come on ! Bob try to climb back into the pasture , but the guy restrain he . bob ( cont 'd ) ( to charley ) give I you gun ! give I the gun ! he deserve it ! ( to bull ) I will kill you ! Doug and Woody hold on to Bob until he calm down . Doug and Woody start to laugh . Bob cool off for another moment , then start laugh as well . woody no this be live ! doug we just slap the bull ! the group high fives each other in congratulation , and start away : bruise , muddy and laugh . angle on : the bull . he push on the gate that charley be hold open . the gate swing open . angle on : woody , bob and doug . they walk with charley and the dooble brother , laugh and carry on . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 78 . Bob do a impression of how he dodge it and go for some more high fives - but suddenly , the bull charge into frame and nail he . as Bob go fly ; we : CUT to : ext . town square / block party - later that night the block party be wind down . Dudley be sit by himself at a picnic table , in post - maggie bliss . doug , woody and bob approach , dirty and beat from the bull - but , carry on happily . woody man , do you see the look on Bob 's face when he get up ? do not dodge he that time ! Woody and Doug laugh . Bob look piss . bob I be go to go back there with a rifle tomorrow and shoot one of he leg off . then we will see who 's tough . doug ( laughing ) why just one leg ? bob because I want to kick he in the face . Doug and Woody laugh again . Bob just steam . they spot dudley , and head over to he . doug hey , dud . you look happy . dudley I dance with she . and she like mac . you know what that mean ? doug you have a sister ? dudley I have a soulmate . doug I think you say the color ipod be you soulmate . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 79 . dudley I think it be . but now , I realize that ipod be just a well - design whore . the guy smile . it 's be a good night for all of they . doug come on . let 's go back to the hotel . we have get to get up early to do some fishing . the guy start walk towards the Main Street hotel . woody okay , fine . but after fishing - we hit the open road and keep move , okay ? doug open road , baby ! bob Wild hog ride ! the guy continue with enthusiastic cheer as we hear the off - screen rumble of engine . Doug look down the street and see : the hell angel . all forty of they be riding into town - and the guy will be in they view any second . Woody be freeze with fear . doug be you kid I ? Woody , you be go to have to talk to this guy again . get they to leave this town alone -- woody hiiiiiiiidee ! doug , bob and dudley look confuse . Woody look around desperately for somewhere to hide - but the hell angel be too close . there 's no time . Woody spot a port -o- potty from the block party and start corral Doug , Bob and Dudley into it . woody ( cont 'd ) go! go! go! Woody push he puzzle friend into the port - o- potty , then get in with they and shut the door , just as the hell angel cruise by they . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 80 . int . port-o-potty - continuous all four guy be squish inside the port -o- potty like sardine . doug Woody !? what the hell be wrong with -- woody shhhh ! they will hear you ! do not make a sound ! ext . town square - continuous the hell angel park they bike . we see all the townspeople have stop enjoy themselves , and just stand there , scared . Jack get off he bike and look around . jack ( yell out ) good evening , Lucas . now , as hurt as I be that you be have a party and do not invite we ... we be only here for one reason . the " Wild hog . " where the hell be they !? int . port-o-potty - continuous Doug look at Woody . he 's start to figure it out . Woody guiltily avoid Doug 's glare and watch the hell angel through a vent in the port -o-potty . ext . town square - continuous the townspeople be not say a word . Jack continue to pace in front of the diner . jack come on , now . you should not be protect they . this " Wild hog , " not only pass we when we specifically tell they not to , they drain out all we gas and burn down we bar . like the little coward they be . now where be they !!? " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 81 . int . port-o-potty - continuous upon hearing this , bob , dudley and doug all look at woody , who shrug sheepishly . Bob be enraged . bob you son of a bitch ! Bob lunge at Woody , but the sudden shifting of weight be too much for the port -o-potty ... ext . town square - continuous the port -o- potty tip over . all the hell angel turn and look as it crash over on it 's side . they continue to stare at it curiously . int . port-o-potty - continuous the guy , now on they side , freeze as they see through the vent that the hell angel be stare at they . it 's a very tense moment as they wait to see if they have be discover . after a moment , we hear a " glup , glup , glup , " and the guy smell something curious . bob ( whispering ) what be that ? dudley ( whispering ) it 's that blue port -o- potty juice . it 's come out of the can . the guy all cringe in disgust , but know they can not move . ext . town square - continuous Jack finally turn away from the pot-o- potty and smirk . jack ( to gang ) now , that 's a port - o- potty that be not worth shit . the Hell 's angel all laugh and turn back to the diner . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 82 . jack ( cont 'd ) all right , then . nobody want to tell I where they be ? Fine . maybe this will jar you memory . Jack take a garbage can and toss it into the diner window . the crowd gasp , as the hell angel laugh . charley step out of the crowd . charley I think they be out at mckinley 's pasture . something about slapping a bull . it 's up past the lake a way . Jack smile . jack good . ( to hell angel ) saddle up , boy . the guy get on they bike . jack ( cont 'd ) ( to town ) and if they be not there . we will be back reeeal soon . because I do not let any man get away from I . the gang snicker . Jack realize ; jack ( cont 'd ) ( to gang ) shut the hell up ! I do not -- you know what I mean ! Jack start he bike and roar out of the town . the other follow he , gun they bike and leave skid mark and smoke in they trail . a kid yell at the hell angel as they ride out of sight . kide go ahead and come back ! the Wild hog be not afraid you ! the Wild hog be not afraid of anything ! suddenly , the door pop open on the port -o- potty and the wild hog topple out of it in a heap . we see they be soak in blue port - o- potty juice . they scramble to they foot and run towards the large fountain in the middle of the town square . I " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 83. doug / bob / woody /dudley ahhhh !/ I be go to vomit ! / ecchhh ! the townspeople watch in silence as the guy jump into the fountain and try to rinse off . Bob put he head under a water - spout marble fish . bob it get in my hair ! Gross ! the guy desperately try to rinse off the juice - then , drench from head to toe , turn they glare to Woody . doug ( to woody ) you lie , do not you !? you stand there and lie to we ! bob you do ! you be a stinking liar ! woody I do it for you guy ! I want you to live ! doug live !? we be go to die , Woody ! you burn down they bar ! we be dead man ! dudley oh , man . I think it be go to happen slowly . I think I have time ! Dudley sit on the fountain edge and start to tear up . woody ( to guy ) I be sorry , okay ! doug sorry ? that 's it !? you be sorry !? woody yes , I be sorry ! I just do not want we to go back . doug why ? it 's just a stupid vacation ! " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 84 . woody because I do not have anything to go back to , okay ! Doug and Bob go silent . Woody look away - try to collect himself . after a moment , he face they . woody ( cont 'd ) I have lose everything . the firm fire I , Claudia leave I ... it 's all go . my whole life be go . I do not even have enough money to get my lawn rake anymore . Doug , Bob and Dudley be stupefy . Woody take a deep breath and continue . woody ( cont 'd ) that 's why I could not go back . this be not a vacation for I , it 's the only thing I have leave . there 's nothing more in my life but you guy . so , I lie about the hell angel . I lie because I want to have one thing in my life that be not a complete failure . a real trip with my best friend ... you be all I get . I be sorry . Woody lower he head . the guy take this in for a minute . Woody look at they , wait for they sympathy . finally , Doug speak . doug ( realize , to Woody ) this trip be just you run from you life . you miserable , screw up life . ( getting angrier ) and you know you could not go back to it , so instead you screw up we life , too ... you asshole ! Woody 's puppy - dog face dissolves . woody Fine ! I see how important I be to you guy . that 's just fine . I just think be a " Wild hog " mean something ! Woody take off he " Wild hog " jacket and throw it at they foot . he hop out of the fountain and storm off down the street . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 85 . doug it do not mean anything ! it 's just a patch my wife make !! Doug , Bob and Dudley look at each other . after a moment , they look over to the sidewalk and see : all the townspeople , stare at they in disappointed silence . slowly , the townspeople turn and quietly head back to they home . Doug , Bob and Dudley lower they head in disgrace . so much for be heroes . dissolve to : int . police station - later that night doug stand in the darken police station with dudley , charley , buck and earl . charley look out the window with doug . charley look like they be wind down some . doug you think ? ext . MAIN STREET diner - continuous the hell angel have return , and set up shop in the diner , but be also flow out onto the street . Jack stumble into the middle of the road , with a bottle of tequila in he hand . jack ( yelling out ) alright , Wild hog . we know you be in town somewhere , ' cause you have not check out of the hotel . we be a little smarter than you think , huh ? oilcan Hell yeah we be !! wheeew ! oilcan smashes a beer can against he own head . jack so we be go to wait right here ' till you show up . week , if we have to . Hell , we might just make ourselves the " Lucas angel . " that have a nice ring to it , do not it ? " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 86 . Jack laugh . int . police station - same time the guy watch the commotion through the window . dudley crap . I be think of that for we . charley you guy just stay in the station tonight . no one need to go out there and be a hero and end up get hurt . doug thanks , charley . charley and the dooble brother look a little surprised . charley wow. so ... you be not go out there ? Doug sigh in irritation . doug ( snap ) well , you be the cop . why do not you go out there ? charley be visibly hurt . his lip start to tremble . charley ( tearing up ) that 's not cool , man . charley run out the back door of the station . earl shake he head and look at Doug . earl you know , people have feeling . sure , I make comment about " chum face , " here . but that 's because every time I look at he I see part of he brain . but nobody have the right to hurt charley like that . he have both side of he head . Earl storm off , leave buck , who be stand on he leave and have not hear or see any of they leave . he stand there , look at Doug and Dudley . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 87 . doug ( to buck ) um ... they leave . buck huh ? Buck turn and see Earl and charley have go . buck ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch . Buck hurry out the door after charley and Earl . dissolve to : int . police station - next morning Doug wake up on a cot in a open jail cell . he walk out of the cell , and over to the window . angle on : the Main Street diner : the hell angel bike be still park outside , and the biker appear to be pass out in various booth , chair , and the street out front . back on : the police station . Dudley and Bob approach the window . doug they be still out there . pass out . bob well , I talk to Karen . she go to fly out here , rent a mini-van , and pick we up . we will just ship the bike back later . doug Bob , we can not leave . they will just stay here and keep terrorize this town . bob so what ? they can call the National guard or something . doug for what ? to be station here permanently ? because this guy will just come back when they be go . and it will be even worse . ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 88. doug ( cont 'd ) we have create this problem , Bob . we have get to think of a way to solve it . bob well , Karen be really insistent she come drive we back . doug tell she " no , " Bob . Bob look uncomfortable at this think . bob I can not do that . doug well , you be go to have to , Bob ! we be not go to screw over a entire town because you be afraid of woman ! Bob stand up , insulted . bob oh , sorry I be not brave like you , Doug ! the guy who get injection in he scalp so he will not go bald ! Bob storm out the back door of the police station . Dudley look to Doug , curiously . dudley you do ? Doug shrug weakly . doug you know , you can storm out too , if you want . dudley no , no . I mean , I think about go to see maggie while that guy be asleep , but you need I right now . doug thanks , man . Doug smile and give Dudley a squeeze on the shoulder . Dudley be clearly disappointed , have assume Doug would tell he to go see maggie . Dudley just stand there , silent . doug ( cont 'd ) you okay ? " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 89 . dudley ( snap ) you be always ask I if I be okay ! Dudley quickly storm out of the police station . Doug nod to himself and slump down on a office chair . music cue : " after the thrill be gone " by the eagle ( continue through the following scene ) ext . back of police station - later Doug exit and look around the corner of the building , make sure the hell angel be still sleep , then start walk towards a wood park behind the town . ext . park - a moment later Doug walk through the park , look depressed . he pass through a small playground , and have a seat on a bench . he watch all the child play , and he eye fall on four young boy happily riding they bicycle together . they have card in they spoke , make engine sound as they ride around have a great time together . Doug smile and watch they play together . fade out music cue bud ( o.c. ) think you might be out here . Doug turn and see bud , the owner of the diner , Bud have a seat next to he . doug hey , bud. look , I be sorry we get you town in all this trouble . this trip be suppose to fix problem , not cause they . bud well , maybe it 's try to and you just will not let it . doug what do you mean ? Bud smile and look out at the kid play . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 90 . bud it 's the funny thing about life . it have to be a adventure to feel right . but when you become a husband and a dad , you realize adventure be risk , and a family man have no place in he life for risk . Doug take this in , then realize . doug you be right . that 's why I stop sing bon jovi . life use to be a risk . that be old Doug . and now it 's go . I have take away all the risk . bud yup . and if you try to make livin ' too safe , then it 's not livin ' at all . doug it 's not . and I have a will , now . so , I only have so much livin ' leave . and somehow I have lose the best part of it . bud well , maybe this will help you find it . Bud put a styrofoam container on Doug 's lap . Doug look into it . doug this be worm . bud yup . to fish with . doug I do not get it . bud Friends that screw up . angry biker . that 's not something you should be avoid . that 's something you need . Doug take this in . doug what 's that have to do with worm ? bud go down to the lake and find out . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 91 . Bud smile and walk off . Doug look down at the worm , consider ... ext . lake - later Doug walk up to the shore and see Woody , try to push a canoe towards the water . Woody notice doug. woody hey . doug hey . go fishing ? woody yup . Woody get the canoe to the water and look back at Doug . doug I have get worm . ( beat ) I mean , in here . Doug hold up the styrofoam cup . Woody shrug . woody all right . let 's go . Doug help Woody shove the boat out into the water . they both hop in as it float away from the shore . they sit there stare off in silence . doug um ... look , man . I be sorry about Claudia . and the job . woody ( staring off ) thanks . doug but , you should not have lie to we -- woody you know what ? I screw up ! it happen . maybe from now on I be better off just do thing on my own ! Woody start to get up , but then look at the water around he , and sit . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 92 . doug you would have storm off right then , huh ? woody ( deflate ) yeah . Doug nod and look out at the water . they sit there in silence for another moment . woody ( cont 'd ) I do not want to lose , Doug . I have lose everything else and I do not want to lose this trip with you guy . when we be together , it 's like we be all college kid still . I be not a guy with a break marriage and fail career . I be just with my best friend , be happy . and to keep it go , I forget about what make it so great ... that friend never let each other down . until now . I screw up the last thing I have leave . you guy deserve better . I be sorry -- Woody eye water a little and he quickly turn away from Doug . they sit there for another moment . doug well , what 's the point of be in a motorcycle gang if we can not ourselves in a little trouble ? Woody look back at he . Doug smile a little bit . doug ( cont 'd ) it will be okay , man . Woody smile a little as well . woody they will not kill we , right ? just a ... really bad beat . doug yeah . we will not die . I do not think . woody no way . and how much could a punch really hurt ? not much , probably . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 93. doug well , the good thing be we will be able to know for sure . that will be cool . woody let 's go find the Bob and Dudley . Doug look around the canoe for a paddle . doug do you bring the paddle ? woody no . I be not even go to take this thing out , but I do not want you to think I be just stand at the lake wait for you . doug why be you here ? woody Bud tell I to stand at the lake and wait for you . Doug nod . Bob walk up on the shore , hold a styrofoam cup . bob hey , guy . doug hey , bob. worm ? Bob look at the styrofoam cup and nod . bob be we all good ? woody yeah , Bob . we be all good . Woody smile at Doug . doug ( to bob ) throw we that paddle . Bob nod and pick up a paddle . he throw it toward the canoe , but it land ten yard short and sink . bob shit. hold on . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 94 . Bob grab another paddle and throw it . this time it land even short . Bob look around for another paddle . doug be that the only two paddle ? bob ( bummed ) yeah . doug oh. Bob sit down on the grass . bob you guy will drift in . doug ( bummed ) yeah . Woody and Doug look around at the water . it 's as still as glass . they sit there awkwardly as Bob wait on shore . int . bud and maggie' house - same time a cook from the diner be at the kitchen stove , make something in a big pot , as a crowd of townspeople eat in the kitchen and dining room . maggie and dudley cross through the kitchen , and out to the front porch . ext . bud and maggie' house - front porch - continuous maggie sit on the porch swing and take a breath . maggie well , we can not seat many people in there , but at least we be back in business . dudley sorry that jerk be in you diner . maggie ah , we be use to they cost we money . last year we spend more on window glass than pancake batter . all because of they . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 95 . dudley it make I sick . think they be too good for pancake . maggie no , I mean ... they damage the diner a lot . they damage the whole town . I be just sorry you guy get drag into it . you be just out to have a good vacation . Dudley look at maggie sincerely . dudley this have be the best vacation of my life . I meet you . maggie blushes . maggie you biker probably tell all the girl that . this hit Dudley . he suddenly look troubled . dudley maggie , I have to tell you something . I be not really a cool biker or a cool ... anything . I be a computer programmer . a nerd . my cat do not even like I . she watch I sleep and I do not know why . I think she 's wait for I to stop breathe . I be just a ... geek . I be sorry if you think I be somebody I be not . maggie take this in . after a moment , she smile and kiss Dudley . maggie you be not a geek , Dudley . you be sweet and you honest and ... you be the coolest guy I know . you cat be crazy if it do not like you as much as I do . Dudley smile . he have completely fall for she . maggie ( cont 'd ) well , I better get back inside . I have get to set some chair up in the family room for the lunch rush . people gotta eat . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 96 . maggie smile and head inside . Dudley watch she go , then grit he tooth . dudley oh , people will eat . do not you worry , maggie . people will eat . smash CUT to : int . MAIN STREET diner - a few minute later dudley kick open the front door . jack and the other hell angel be inside , drink and carry on . dudley alright , let 's end this ! the hell angel do not even notice he . Dudley bite he lip in frustration . dudley ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) hey ! ! Dudley take a table full of empty beer glass and flip it over . everyone in the diner go silent and look at he . Jack stand up and smile . jack well , well . one of you come to face the music , huh ? that 's brave . and stupid . the hell angel laugh . Dudley take a deep breath and walk up to Jack . dudley I be not here to face any music . I be here to make you a deal . a deal I think you would be smart to take . jack yeah ? what deal ? dudley you leave the town of Lucas , and my friend alone , and I do something for you . something you can not live without . Jack look interested . Dudley confidently set a laptop on the counter , and punch a few key . he swivel it around to show the gang . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 97 . dudley ( cont 'd ) see where that say " domain for sale ? " guess what that mean . you gang do not have a website ! nothing ! no way to tell people about you history , post photo , sell shirt ... you guy be live in the complete dark age ! ( laugh cockily , then ) so they way I see it : I need a favor from you and you need a favor from I . Jack walk over to the computer and look at Dudley for a moment . he then pick the computer up and smashes it down on the ground . it break into a hundred piece . Jack smile at Dudley and put he foot through what 's leave of it . the hell angel stifle laughter . Dudley be start to look a little nervous . jack ( to dudley ) no deal . Dudley nod . dudley okay , then . thanks for hearing I out . Dudley start for the door , but several hell angel move over and block he path . Dudley stop and collect himself for a moment - then break into a panicked sprint for the other exit . the hell angel quickly spring into action and tackle he to the ground . dudley ( cont 'd ) sanctuary ! sanctuary !! the hell angel pull off he , confuse . oilcan what ? dudley sanctuary . you have to take I to a church and leave I alone . the hell angel look at each other and shrug . oilcan ( to dudley ) no we do not . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 98 . dudley ( defeated ) I know . the hell angel move back in on he . Dudley close he eye and roll into a ball . ext . STREET in front of maggie' house - same time doug , bob , and woody be walk back from the lake , and pass by maggie 's house . bud , stand on the porch , see they and smile . bud if you be head back to town , I would not go on a empty stomach . the guy see Bud and smile . bud ( cont 'd ) come have lunch . this be kind of we " fallout " diner . smaller kitchen , but less piss on the bathroom floor . doug well , we can change that . Bud laugh as the guy enter the house . int . bud and maggie' house - a few minute later doug , bob and woody be sit at one of many card table arrange in the family room , eat lunch . charley enter through the front door .. charley hey , guy . have you final meal ? charley laugh . Doug , Bob and Woody do not . charley ( cont 'd ) sorry . bob ( to charley ) where be Buck and Earl ? charley they be come . Buck 's ear be give he some equilibrium problem . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 99 . earl enter , hold the door open for buck , who walk through slowly . earl ( to buck ) just keep you eye forward and head up . buck I be fine . Buck walk a few more step , then start to tilt leave . he quickly lose he balance and fall sideways , take out a card table full of food and the old man sit at it . earl goddammit . Earl help Buck up and they join the guy at they table . buck hey , guy . have you final meal ? Buck and Earl laugh . nobody else do . charley ( sternly , to Buck and Earl ) that 's out of line , guy . earl sorry . Buck look around the table . buck hey , be not one of you miss ? woody yeah , Dudley 's with maggie somewhere . maggie come out of the kitchen and approach the table . maggie hey , guy . where 's Dudley ? doug he 's with you , be not he ? maggie no . I think he go to find you guy . Doug share a worried glance with Bob and Woody . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 100 . doug ( to charley ) charley , can I borrow you phone ? charley hand it to he , and Doug start to dial . doug ( cont 'd ) Dudley have mine . I will just call he . woody he have a phone ? what happen to freedom ? doug he need to call he answer machine so he cat could hear he voice . ( then ) here we go . it 's ringing ... ( to maggie ) he probably snuck off somewhere to buy you some romantic gift or something . no big deal . bob that 's it . he 's never have a girlfriend so he 's probably get carry away . he once drank eighteen mocha latte 's because the Starbucks clerk be smile at he . woody I remember that . his pee turn brown and he start cry . doug yeah . and the girl be not even smile - she just have a cleft lip . ( into phone ) hello ? Dudley ? intercut with : int . MAIN STREET diner - simultaneous Jack stand next to Dudley , who be duct -tape to a chair with so much tape that it look like he 's in a cocoon . only he head be uncover . Jack hold Dudley 's cellphone . jack ( into phone ) try again , asshole . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 101 . int . bud and maggie' house - simultaneous doug ( knowingly , to group ) nope . the hell angel have he . Doug give a look to the other guy . they mouth " shit : " int . MAIN STREET diner - simultaneous jack ( into phone ) damn right , the hell angel . you friend pay we a little visit . and now he 's hurt reeeeal bad . dudley no , I actually feel pretty -- Jack kick Dudley 's chair with he foot . it tip over and land on it 's side - with Dudley in it . Dudley look out at the floor , helpless . dudley ( cont 'd ) ow ! ( then ) hey , a peanut . Dudley try to stick he tongue out to get the peanut . Jack notice and kick it away . dudley ( cont 'd ) crap . jack ( into phone ) so here 's what we be go to do , now . you guy be go to pay we a visit . and you be go to bring a " disobedience fee , " of ten thousand dollar . Cash . and do not even think about call any cop . just you guy and ten grand . and if you do not show up in a hour - well then , we will just take the fine out of you friend 's leg ... which we be go to break with a tire iron . dudley ( yell to phone ) do not bring the money , guy ! ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 102 . dudley ( cont 'd ) I be a computer programmer ! I do not need my leg ! Jack consider this and turn back to the phone . jack ( into phone ) his hand ! we will break he hand ! dudley dammit . ( yell to phone ) bring the money ! int . bud and maggie' house - simultaneous Doug shake he head at Dudley 's stupidity . doug ( into phone ) we will bring the money . just do not touch we friend ! int . biker bar - simultaneous jack ( into phone ) oh , I will not touch he if you bring that money . but if you do not , I will be touch he all night long . and I will be enjoy it . the other biker suddenly stifle laughter . jack ( cont 'd ) what !? there be nothing wrong with that one ! that be tough ! that guy be afraid of I , now . they know how much I want them ! the gang laugh again . jack ( cont 'd ) shut up !! the gang stop laugh , off Jack 's warning glare . Dudley look up from the floor . dudley hey can we call my cat , now ? she need to hear my voice . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 103. Jack look down at Dudley , then to the other biker . jack ( to biker ) get I more duct tape ? a biker nod and grab another role of duct tape . he head over to Dudley . dudley crap . dissolve to : int . bud and maggie' house - a few minute later doug sit in a chair , deep in think . bob , woody , earl , buck , and bud stand with other member of the town . maggie be on a couch , sobbing into she hand . maggie ( crying ) sweet Dudley . he go there to save everybody and now they be go to break he hand . doug no they be not . we be go to get he back . charley we sure be . I be go to call the highway patrol . they will be there in -- bob no way . they say no law . we can not risk they do anything to Dudley . woody Bob 's right . we can call the highway patrol after we get dud back , but we should not piss this guy off while he 's still in they hand . bob I be go to call Karen and have the cash wire out of we savings . woody no . no way . this be my fault . all this be my fault . I have some money in my severance package . we be use it . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 104 . maggie wait , he do this because of I . I have a thousand dollar in tip money I want to put in . bud I have a couple thousand in the diner emergency fund I will put in , too . Doug , who have be think all this over , stand up from he chair . doug no. nobody be pay anything . everyone stop and give Doug a puzzle look . he have a new fire behind he eye . his suburban quietude have transformed into something more ... valiant . woody what ? doug we be not call the highway patrol . we be not gather ten thousand dollar . we be go over there and get we friend back . charley I do not think that 's the safest plan . doug it 's not . but sometimes you have to do the thing that be not safe , to create a world that you be happy be in . this hell angel do not want we ten thousand dollar . they want we dignity . they want we to be afraid of they just like this town be . and once they know we be afraid , they can do whatever they want . that 's how this guy exist . that 's how they ride into this town and tear it to piece ... because people want to keep they life safe so badly , they give up the best part about it ... Doug take he Wild hog jacket and pull it on . doug ( cont 'd ) . the adventure . Doug look at Woody and Bob . Woody smile and pull on he jacket . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 105 . woody and the friend . Woody step over to Doug . Bob look at they for a moment , then finally smile and pull on he jacket . bob let 's go slap the bull . Doug smile and tap fist with Bob and Woody . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - later music cue : blue oyster cult " ( don't fear ) the reaper . " doug , bob and woody walk along main street , shoulder to shoulder . they look to each other with a smile . even though they be walk into the mouth of the beast , they be finally who they be in college again . fearless . they approach the diner and stand out on the street , like gunslinger in the Old West , call they enemy out of the saloon . music cue : fade out the front door of the bar open and the hell angel swagger out . after a moment , the gang part and jack step out in front of they . jack well , well . the " Wild hog . " I be glad to see you be finally show we a little respect . doug where 's Dudley ? Jack turn back and nod at one of the hell angel . they push dudley forward . we see he be now completely cocoon in duct - tape - like a mummy . there be only a small slit for he mouth and eye . dudley ( muffle from tape ) hey , guyth . Doug shake he head . doug just hold tight , Dudley . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 106 . Dudley try to nod , but can not . he lean he torso back and forth to signal " yes . " doug ( cont 'd ) ( to jack ) all right . Hand he over . jack sure . where 's the cash ? Doug look to Bob and Woody . they nod encouragingly . Doug gather he courage and turn back to Jack . doug we be not give you any money . Jack look surprised . jack Excuse I ? doug we be not go to play you game . we be all adult , here . it 's not highschool . I be sorry you bar get burn down , and we will be glad to help you get it rebuilt , but we be do be bully by you . now give we back Dudley , and get out of this town . the hell angel start to laugh . Jack turn back to they and smile , " can you believe this guy ? " Doug be start to lose he cool . doug ( cont 'd ) ( yell to Jack ) give we back we friend , asshole ! the hell angel be suddenly silent . Jack turn back and look at Doug in disbelief - then rage . Doug start to look a little worried . jack what do you just call I ? doug ( lose some confidence ) ass ... hole . jack you know what ? I be just go to pulverize you friend , here . ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 107 . jack ( cont 'd ) but now I be piss off . you be all go to get hurt . hell angel style . guy ! the hell angle nod and pick up various weapon : crowbar , tire iron , bat ... they start move towards Doug , Woody and bob. Bob look to doug. doug ( to bob ) what !? I think they would back down ! woody we can still outrun they . they be fat . Woody turn around to see hell angle have now close in behind they , block they escape . Jack smile . jack hear that , guy !? he call you all fat ! woody shit . ( to hell angel ) I mean full - figure . the hell angel close to within a few foot of the " Wild hog , " and raise they weapon to strike . doug wait !! wait a minute ! the hell angel stop . doug ( cont 'd ) ( to jack ) you want to beat the shit out of we ? Fine . but you outnumber we forty to three . you think there 's honor in that ? why do not we make it fair , if you guy be so freaking tough ? the leader of we gang against the leader of yours . Jack smirk . he 's twice as big as Doug . jack I against you ? doug yeah . but not just for Dudley . if you win , we will give you ten grand and go back home . you will never see we again . but ... if I win , you let Dudley go and you never set foot in Lucas again . this town be off limit to the hell angel . forever . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 108. Jack look back to the hell angel , who chuckle . this will be a quick fight . doug ( cont 'd ) well ? you in , or be you too much of a bitch ? the hell angel freeze . Jack grit he tooth in rage and turn back to Doug . jack all right . let 's party , tough guy . doug great . Doug nod , try to look confidant , but it 's quickly fade away . doug ( cont 'd ) ( unsure ) great . CUT to : ext . town square - a few minute later doug and jack be stand " in they corner , " opposite each other in the dirt parking lot . they be surround by a circle of hell angel , rowdily wait for the fight to commence . woody and bob coach Doug in he corner . woody just stay clear of the big punch . you have get more stamina than this guy . doug all right . when do I hit back ? woody um ... just try and get he tired . I do not think punch will do much to he . Doug give Woody a concerned look . Woody shrug . Jack step into the circle and throw off he jacket . jack ( calling out ) time for you beat , yuppie ! 7/06/05 109 . " Wild hog " writer first draft doug ( to bob ) tell my wife I win - then get hit by a truck . Doug take a deep breath and start into the circle . doug ( cont 'd ) ( to jack ) all right . let 's do this -- Doug do not even finish he sentence as Jack land a punch on the side of he head . Doug be stunne , as Jack send he other fist crash into Doug 's forehead . Doug go fly backwards , and fall down in the dirt . the hell angel cheer . Jack high fives they as Doug struggle back to he foot and look back at Woody and Bob , cradling he face . doug ( cont 'd ) ow ! dammit Jesus that hurt ! ( to woody ) it really hurt . damn ! Jack come back over to Doug . Jack throw another right , but this time Doug duck , still cradling he jaw . doug ( cont 'd ) yes !-- but Doug be instantly punch in the stomach by Jack 's other fist . Doug wince as he double over in agony . drool drip out of he mouth . this be not pretty . Jack take he by the back of the shirt and lift he into the air . the hell angel cheer as Jack toss Doug five yard into the dirt . jack do not get tired yet . the hurt be just beginning . Doug try to stand back up , but it 's get harder . he slyly grab a handful of sand as he start to stand . doug hah ! Doug whip around and throw the sand towards Jack 's face ; however , he aim be off . the sand hit Jack in the chest and fall away . Jack look at Doug and shake he head . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 110 . doug ( cont 'd ) damn . Jack punch Doug square in the face again . Doug crumple to the ground in pain . Jack turn back to the hell angel . jack man , this be not even a workout . Jack laugh and put he aviator sunglass back on , as Doug quickly stand up and whip around at he . doug ahhh ! Doug throw another handful of sand . this time he aim carefully ; but Jack now have sunglass on . the sand bounce harmlessly off the lense . Doug cringe and wait for the punch , which come like a freight train into he stomach . Doug double over again as Jack line up another punch . jack this one 's gonna break bone . doug wait ! wait -- Doug straighten up and look curiously at Jack 's mouth . doug ( cont 'd ) you tooth -- that 's a acute periodontal abscess . jack what ? doug look , I really hate you , but I do not want to feel responsible for a death . I be a dentist . I take a oath . same one as doctor . if the infection in that tooth get to the root - it could seep into you nervous system . just let I look -- Doug slowly reach towards Jack 's mouth . Jack do not move . jack you be a dentist ? " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 111 . doug yeah . one of the best . and I know when you gum be that swollen and you bicuspid -- and wham ! Doug punch Jack square in the mouth . Jack go down hard . Woody and Bob cheer . bob yeah , Doug ! woody Quick ! start kick he ! do not let he get up ! Doug nod and go to kick Jack , but Jack grab the foot and push he backwards . Doug fall back to the dirt . Jack stand up and dust himself off . jack all right . now you be go to die . Jack approach Doug , who close he eye and wait for the end . woody wait !! Jack turn around as woody walk into the circle . woody ( cont 'd ) Doug 's not the leader of this gang . I - - Jack instantly punch Woody in the face . Woody fall down next to Doug . Doug turn he head to Woody . they be both bleed from they nose and lip . doug ( to woody ) thanks , man . woody sure . Jack look at bob. jack anybody else the leader of this gang ? Bob take a deep breath , and bend down a grab a long lead pipe . he start towards Jack . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 112. bob alright , mother f-- Bob suddenly trip on the lead pipe and hit the ground . Doug shake he head . doug ( to bob ) just stay down . Bob nod . jack well , I guess that 's all of you -- dudley , still cover in tape , come run into the circle from the other side . dudley ahhhhhhhhhhh ! Dudley charge Jack , but he limited mobility result not in a tackle , but in he lean on Jack . after a moment , Jack take a step back and Dudley fall to the ground . dudley ( cont 'd ) ow . Jack crack he knuckle and look to oilcan . jack give I the crowbar . oilcan nod and hand it to Jack . Jack smile at the four fall Wild hog . jack ( cont 'd ) guess you guy be wishing you would listen , now , huh ? Jack smile as we hear : sfx : siren Jack and the hell angel look up the road . angle on : down STREET . charley be riding he shiny harley davidson police bike . behind he be buck and earl , drive a police cruiser . behind the cruiser be a large group of people carry rake , hedge clipper , broom ... it 's all the citizen of Lucas . angle on : hell angel . they be stunne . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 113. charley pull up to the group and get off he motorcycle . charley all right , Jack . that will be enough of that . jack be you kid ? and what make you think you can ride a motorcycle without we permission ? charley I will ride whatever I want from now on . I be the sheriff of Lucas , and I be not tolerate any more lawlessness . bob help doug , woody , and dudley to they foot , as Jack take a step towards charley . charley ( cont 'd ) I would stop right there , Jack . Earl and Buck get out of the cruiser with two shotgun . they cock the gun and walk to charley 's side . Jack look concerned . jack what ? you be go to shoot we ? charley no . not unless you want to do something stupid like ignore -- Buck grab he miss ear as he start to loose he balance . he tip over and fall . as he hit the ground , the shotgun fire and hit oilcan in the leg . oilcan fall to the ground . oilcan ahhhhhh ! he shot I ! I just get shot !! charley look over at Buck , then back to Jack . charley um ... yeah , I guess we be go to shoot you . the hell angel suddenly look nervous , and back up a few step . charley step towards Jack . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 114 . charley ( cont 'd ) we be not go to live in fear of you gang anymore , Jack . if the Wild hog can stand up to you - so can everyone of we . the crowd of townspeople gather behind charley and nod . bud ( from crowd ) that 's right . you mess up we town , we will do the same to you ! the crowd cheer as thomas milborn , the guy Earl point out as a child molester , step forward . thomas milborn yeah ! people like you be the scum of the earth ! the crowd be silent for a moment , then hesitantly give a uncomfortable cheer . charley turn back to the hell angel . charley the point be , from now on you need to treat Lucas with kindness and respect . and when you do , you will be treat the same . and if you do not ... charley look over at oilcan , who 's tend to the bullet wound in he thigh . charley ( cont 'd ) then I guess we will keep ... shoot you . get it ? Jack look at all the townspeople . he know he 's beat . he nod bitterly . charley ( cont 'd ) good . now I would like you to untape we friend Dudley . Jack signal to one of the hell angel . he grab Dudley 's tape and spin he around to untape he . dudley ow . ow ! ow , ow . ow. ow !... after a painful minute , Dudley be untape . charley look at Jack 's jacket . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 115 . charley and I believe that 's he jacket . Jack begrudgingly take off Dudley 's " Wild hog " jacket and toss it to he . Dudley proudly put it on . charley ( cont 'd ) and as I recall , that ' 51 panhead be trade to Dudley . Jack look over at the mint condition motorcycle and shake he head . jack no way . he can have he sportster back . charley uh uh . a deal 's a deal , Jack . Jack grit he tooth and throw a set of key at Dudley . the crowd chatter in approval as Dudley get on the ' 51 panhead and start the engine . he revs it a few time and Jack shoot Doug a infuriate glare . jack ( to doug ) hope you be happy . you suburban poser be a disease . you need to learn some damn respect for real biker . Doug smile . doug you still do not get it do you , Jack ? jack get what ? doug we be the real biker . as Doug say this , Dudley kick the panhead into gear and shoot forward - out of control . he instantly crash into a steel light post . everyone in the crowd cringe dudley look as the bike fall over in a crumpled heap . up from the ground . dudley yeah , I will take the sportster back , I guess . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 116 . Jack just stare at the trash motorcycle , mortify . dissolve to : ext . STREET outside police station - later that afternoon it 's later that afternoon in Lucas . doug , bob and woody walk to they motorcycle with charley , earl and buck . charley well , I wish you guy would stay longer . doug ahh , we should be head back . I think we have have enough excitement for one trip . Earl step forward and shake Doug 's hand . earl you guy be a bless to this place . I mean ... I be not go to get all emotional like " hamburger head " here always do . Earl laugh and look to he leave . Buck be not there . he quickly look to the right , where Buck be stare at he in disbelief . buck what would you just call I ? earl ( caught ) um ... buck it 's just a little scar ! I be still better look than you ! Buck go to storm off , but after a few step , tilt leave and fall over . buck ( cont 'd ) ( from ground ) dammit ! Doug shake he head , then turn to Woody and Bob . doug ( to Woody and Bob ) you guy ready to head back ? " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 117 . Woody take a deep breath and shake he head . woody you know what ? I think I be go to press on . keep head West . doug you be ? woody yeah . why not ? I feel good about my life again . and I would like to see what San Francisco 's all about . Doug nod and look to Bob . you can tell he want to go . bob I be in , too ! let 's ride to San -- suddenly , a mini-van pull up . karen and kelly hop out . bob / doug Karen ? / Kelly ? karen ( to bob ) I tell you I be come , Bob ! kelly ( to doug ) hey , honey . Kelly kiss Doug . he smile , glad to see she . doug hey , baby . what be you do here ? kelly Karen say you guy be in trouble . I keep call you cell , but somebody program it to not receive call from we house . Doug shoot Woody a look . woody ( caught ) Excuse I . Woody hurry over to he bike . karen turn to bob . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 118. karen well , I hope you guy have a nice trip . now get in the van . we be go home . bob um ... actually , we just decide we be go to keep press West for a few -- karen oh , no . no way ! I come all the way out here , rent a car , drive to this podunk little town -- as Karen be say this , Bob look over at the guy , then back to Karen . he can not take it anymore . bob -- Karen ! Karen stop talk , shocked by Bob raise he voice . bob ( cont 'd ) listen to I . this be my vacation and if I want to ride on with my friend , well that 's what I be go to do ! and if you have a problem with that , well ... tough shit ! there 's a moment of silence as Karen absorb this . the guy all look at Bob proudly . after a few second , Karen 's face soften . karen ( suddenly meek ) okay . sorry ... just ... be careful . Karen shyly kiss Bob on the cheek . Bob can not believe it . bob I will . and ... I love you . Bob smile at she and get on he bike . angle on : doug and kelly . Kelly look at doug. kelly so be you go , too ? doug I have not really decide . I have be have a good time , though . ( more ) " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 119 . doug ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) I even get beat up . Doug wink cockily . Kelly light up . kelly there he be ! I see old Doug ! Doug blushes . doug you will see he even more if you and billy meet I in San Francisco . we have get a suite at the ritz-carlton . Doug smile and get onto he motorcycle . Kelly look concerned . kelly what about work ? and billy 's school ? Doug shrug like he have not a care in the world . doug ahh . we can risk it . Kelly smile and kiss he proudly . Doug grab she face and kiss she back ... then , turn to Woody and Bob . doug ( cont 'd ) we ready ? woody I think so . Dudley ? what do you think ? the camera pull out to reveal dudley , sit on he motorcycle . next to he , be maggie , sit in the rusty sidecar now attach to Dudley 's bike . she 's wear Dudley 's goggle and nod to he encouragingly . Dudley look back over to Doug , Bob and Woody . dudley let 's ride . they start they motorcycle . the engine roar to life . dissolve to : ext . highway U.S. 50 - later that day the four motorcycle ( and one sidecar ) cruise down the open highway . the guy smile as the wind blow in they face . " Wild hog " writer first draft 7/06/05 120 . it 's freedom , joy and friendship all wrap up in one expression . the camera pan around they , and finally zoom in on doug . we see he eye sparkle a little bit , and he open he mouth : doug ( singing ) I walk this street , a load six string on my back . I play for keep , ' cause I might not make it back ... I be a cowboy , on a steel horse I ride ! I be want ... the other guy smile and join in : doug / bob / woody /dudley Dead or alive ! they all look at each other as they continue to sing over the roar of the engine : doug / bob / woody / dudley ( cont 'd ) ohh , I be a cowboy , I get the night on my side ! i'm wanted -- doug wante-ee --ed ! doug / bob / woody /dudley Dead or aliiiivvvee ! music cue : bon jovi be " wanted dead or alive . " the camera slowly pull out to a aerial shot , as the guy joyfully ride along the sunlit highway . it 's a good day to be a Wild hog . fade out : end credit