wild thing by Stephen Peters rewrite by kem nunn mandalay entertainment January 21 , 1997 1202 West Washington Blvd . culver City , CA 90232 fade in : MAIN title sequence -- black intercut -- quick flash-forwards inside a steamy shower -- a wet naked woman and man wrap around each other in ecstasy -- leg , arm , hair , mouth . black -- more title -- then moonlight reflect on a vehicle 's shiny surface . fist thud into flesh . o.s. -- a man slam of the hood , rebound away . black -- more title -- then lover -- catch in freeze -frame of green neon -- off , on , off , on -- like a strobe 's instant - image -- of gasp , tough sex . black -- more title -- then on a gleaming pool deck of black - and - white tile -- two woman in soak , cling clothes -- fight -- hand squeeze a throat . black -- more title -- then a scream -- a sicken hollow thwack -- a arc of blood , two tooth fall on dark stone . black -- more title -- then gunshot -- blood spray across the glass of a picture frame -- obscure the photo inside . black -- more title -- then the surface of a sparkling sea -- a distant emerald island . a 40 - foot sloop appear -- shape on deck -- we be about to see -- black -- more title -- then shark -- underwater -- rip something into a bloody cloud . end MAIN title . fade to : ext . blue BAY school - day a place of money and privilege . White coral building surround a open yard . tile roof rise among banyan tree and banana palm , shimmer before a blue blaze of sky . Beyond the yard be the school 's play field and beyond that the water of biscayne Bay , dapple in sunlight where the sloops of the school 's sailing class bob at they mooring . for a moment all be quiet . then , faintly , the hum of many voice , rise and fall , laughter . the camera pan to the open window of a building somewhat larger than the other . the sound grow louder . int . blue BAY auditorium - day a hundred high school kid sit before a raise , hardwood stage . the student be not unlike the campus , radiant , well - tend -- a veritable sea of adolescent sexuality -- bronze boy who seem to have just come from the boat or tennis court -- girl in tight short riding high up shapely thigh , as ... SAM lombardo stroll out onto the stage . the man be thirtyish , drop-dead handsome . dress not that differently from the kid , in a izod polo shirt , khakis and boat shoe . his entrance have a effect upon the audience , particularly upon the girl . karen and janelle , 16 , pretty blond , whisper then giggle . nicole , a dark - eye beauty , 17 but go on 25 , watch Sam 's walk , then turn to the girl at she side ... kelly van ryan , 17 , a fully - develop knockout . nicole when we graduate the only thing I be go to miss be ... ( with a nod to the stage ) know what I mean ? Kelly 's eye be lock on Sam . Nicole have to nudge she . nicole ( cont 'd ) Kelly ? kelly ( still stare ) oh yeah . Sam be at the podium . he look out across the audience . there be a couple of flirtatious whistle , laughter . Sam smile , silencing they with a wave of he hand . SAM we have come to the halfway point in my senior seminar ... cheer , applause . Sam wait for the kid to settle . SAM ( cont 'd ) come on . beat study hall , do not it ? jimmy ( o.s. ) no ! boos as we find ... jimmy leach , 18 , grumge look , long hair . he sit with a clique of white trashy type , or at least what pass for such at Blue Bay School . Jimmy appear a bit more genuine , as do ... suzle toller , a boyish brunette , seat nearby , but with just enough space between she and everyone else to mark she as a loner . she study Sam lombardo with a dark , sullen stare . SAM thank you , Jimmy . jimmy hey , man , at least in study hail I could meditate . kirk ( o.s. ) he mean masturbate ... this remark be greet by a chorus of laughter as we find ... kirk , one of the golden boy , seat with Kelly and Nicole . SAM something kirk with which I be sure you have hand - on experience . loud laughter . Sam quiet they again , then turn to the blackboard , where he begin to write , in big letter -- s-e-x . the kid start to cheer . Sam write another word -- c-r-i-m-e-s . the cheer fade into silence . SAM ( cont 'd ) we have all hear the word , date rape , sexual harassment . we have talk about some of this thing in this room . ( beat ) we speaker today head up the Blue Bay Police sex crime unit -- detective Ray duquette and gloria Perez . ( beat ) they be here to give you what we hope will be a fresh perspective on this subject , and to answer any question you night have . Sam turn to the wing , he hand out to welcome the visitor ... ray duquette , mid-thirty , with the lanky build of a light heavyweight , walk out onto the stage . he 's dress in a dark suit , dark hair comb straight back above steel - rimmed glass . gloria PEREZ walk at he side . she 's a good six inch short than Ray , with a sweet face . attractive but no stunner . about five kid applaud . Ray take the podium . ray thank you for have we . we will each talk for ten or fifteen minute , then open it up to you question ... in the audience suzie toller suddenly get to she foot . as she pass behind Jimmy , we hear she voice , beneath she breath . suzie I be not go to listen to this jack -off . she march down the aisle and bang out the rear door .. Ray pause , a dark look on he face , then go on ... ray let 's begin with a question . what be a sex crime ? a moment . jimmy not get any . this draw a few laugh from the kid , a couple of thin smile from Sam and gloria . and none at all from Ray duquette . ext . auditorium - day the kid change class . Sam , Ray and gloria cross the grass . the kid swarm past . a pair of girl flash by . carole have a nice weekend , Mr. lombardo . SAM hey , carole , you too . and be good . carole ( beneath a pouty look ) I hate to be good . the three adult enter a old wooden building . int . build - day SAM this be one of the original building . we have the office here now . the wall be panele in wood , decorate with frame photograph . gloria stop before one of the photo . angle on photograph a old black - and - white , with that sepia caste harken back to another age . a handsome young man of perhaps 14 stand at the helm of a boat under sail . his hair be sweep back , he eye fix upon a unseen horizon . there be something in this boy 's pose , in the line of he jaw , in the clarity of he gaze , as if what he have fix upon be the future itself . gloria anybody in particular ? when no one answer , she turn to find Sam at she side . he stare at the picture , then look at gloria . SAM Sam lombardo . the first . class of ' forty - two ( beat ) my father . gloria do a slow double - take , look from Sam to the photo and back again . voice ( 0.s. ) can not seem to get rid of the lombardos around here . Sam and the detective turn as a professorial - look guy in a baggy brown suit ( art maddox ) arrive on the scene . SAM art. say hello to detective Perez and duquette . ( to the cop ) Art maddox . a fellow guidance counselor . Art and the detective shake hand . art so , do you set them all straight on the ugly fact of life ? SAM I have the feel , they get it down already . they be a step ahead of we , artie . gloria seem to find this amusing . Ray stand at she side , look at Sam . Sam feel it , make eye contact with Ray -- a beat -- at which point , Ray put a hand on gloria 's back . ray I have get that two o'clock in town . gloria ( nodd ) back to the land of grownup . the detective shake hand once more with San and Art . SAM ( to gloria ) if old picture interest you , come back some time , there 's quite a collection down in the pagoda . I will see you get a proper tour . gloria ( smile ) I would like that . Ray open a door for she . the detective pass through it . Art clap Sam on the shoulder , then walk off down the hallway . Sam remain near the door , watch as ... angle on the drive leading to the school Ray and gloria walk past half a dozen expensive car -- Range rover , beamer and mercede , to a plain , white Ford Taurus , which they get into and drive away . ext . blue BAY school - later cheerleader perform a sensual dance on the porch of a wooden pagoda . a rugby team run drill on the grass , as out on the bay , six tiny racing sloops tack toward the dock . angle on dock as the sloops enter the narrow channel between the slip one student from each boat jump onto the dock where he or she set about tie off the boat . Sam be on one of the boat . Jimmy Leach be at the rudder . SAM ( loud enough to be hear by he class ) okay , you guy . good work . now coil that dock line and I will see you all on Monday . he watch he class clamber up the dock . his eye fall upon the pagoda , the dance cheerleader -- Kelly Van Ryan in work - out tight -- bare arm reach for the sky . ext . school dock - SAM &amp ; jimmy - later hose down boat , stow sail . they look up as ... a huge power boat glide past . the dock rock in its wake . jimmy all right . I could party on that . Sam just laugh at he . SAM that 's about all it 's good for . ( beat ) that 's the one to have . he point to a beautiful triple - masted schooner head out of the bay , under sail . SAM the windward passage . I crewe on that one summer . ( beat ) Long time ago . he pull he eye from the boat , set about coiling a line . jimmy you know , I want to thank you for get I into this class ... no way be my old man go to spring for the fee ... SAM hey , you be work for it . ( beneath a laugh ) least you be suppose to be . he toss Jimmy the coiled line . Jimmy 's catch off -guard , but catch it at the last second , then share the laugh with Sam . voice ( o.s. ) can I play too ? or be it just for boy ? Sam and Jimmy turn to find Kelly Van Ryan at the far end of the dock . she 's fresh from cheerleader practice , in a white blouse knotted at the bottom to reveal a flat , tan stomach ; open at the top to reveal the swell of she breast . she favor Sam with a coy smile . kelly so who 's wash you car this weekend , Mr. lombardo ? ( off Sam 's blank look ) the senior car wash , remember ? ( beat ) tamara 's make a schedule . she say you buy a coupon but you be not on anybody 's list . Sam smile , remember . SAM well , you know . figure I would buy a wash ticket , support the effort . that old Jeep of mine 's kind of a waste of time , do not you think ? Sam place the coiled hose on top of a locker then start up the dock , Jimmy at he side . Kelly fall in with then . kelly not at all . how about if Nicole and I do it ? we be work as a team . Sam just look at she . she look back -- big , plead eye . SAM okay , try I on Sunday . I be go out to the everglade on Saturday . you guy can wash the mud off . kelly deal. ( beat ) you know , I just look out front . my ride be not there . you suppose you could give I one ? Sam do not answer right away . he look toward the school . kelly ( cont 'd ) you would not want I to walk , would you ? I mean like , something bad might happen . Sam hesitates , momentarily at a loss , then turn to Jimmy , who seem to regard Kelly with something akin to physical pain . SAM what about you , jimbo , you need a ride ? jimmy ( still look at Kelly ) what ? SAM a ride . you want one ? jimmy yeah . but I get my bike . ext . blue BAY school - day Sam 's Jeep roll out of the drive , Jimmy 's bike in back , meaning that Jimmy and Kelly be squeeze into the passenger seat , which be fine with Jimmy . Kelly 's thigh be press against he . his arm push against she breast . Kelly be not so happy . as they near the school 's entrance , they come upon a beat - to- shit vw bug -- stall at a stop sign . a John deere tractor mower sit nearby . a groundsman -- a tall black guy with a shave head , wait at the wheel of the bug as ... suzie toller -- in black platform shoe , a T-shirt and cutoff jeans , lean over the engine , fiddling with the car 's linkage . Sam pull up next to the bug and stop . SAM we get room for one more , suzie . you need a ride ? Kelly roll she eye as suzie turn to look at they . kelly Jesus . where would she get that shoe ? whore - 4 - less ? suzie 's eye go cold . she signal the groundsman , who turn the key . the car splutter to life . suzie flash a smile , then stick out she tongue -- which have be pierce by a silver stud . kelly ( cont 'd ) that 's cute . suzie give she the finger . Sam make eye contact with suzie , offer a sad smile , while put the Jeep in gear . kelly ( cont 'd ) ( to suzie ) I hope you swallow it . Jimmy turn , wave to suzie as the Jeep pull away . ext . upscale neighborhood - day magnificent old mansion occupy five - acre bay - front parcel amid lush , tropical setting . Sam 's Jeep stop before a pair of gate with the word " van ryan " woven into they wrought- iron design . Beyond the gate a long drive lead toward a huge stone house . Kelly jump out , punch in a code . the gate swing open . kelly do not forget the car wash . SAM I will not . sandra van ryan , Kelly 's mom , big , sexy , aggressive , a young 42 in a string bikini , come out from the side of the house . when she see the Jeep , she start down the drive . Kelly wave to Sam , then walk up the drive . when she see she mother come toward she , she face harden . sandra be that Sam lombardo ? kelly ( sarcastic ) hi , Mon. sandra Sam ! hi ! Sam have already hang a U. Sandra come through the gate and up to the Jeep . Jimmy be check she out . all eye . sandra ( cont 'd ) ( to Sam ; as if Jimmy be not even there ) what ? you be go to drive off without even say hi ? SAM hi , Sandy . sandra why do not you come in , have a drink ? SAM can not . get a passenger . Sandra look down she nose at Jimmy . sandra he can wait . Sam glance past she , to Kelly , who stand languidly at the front of the house , watch . SAM I can not , Sandy . I have get to run . sandra I will bet . ( then , soften ) look , Sam . why do not you come by this weekend . we will take the boat out ... SAM ( cut she off ) sorry , Sandy . I have get plan . sandra what ? running over alligator with that silly swamp jalopy when you could be sailing a real boat ... SAM swamp 's where it 's at , Sandy . give you a look into the muck we all crawle out of . you ought to try it some time . Sandra give he a hard stare , then march off toward the house . close on kelly still at the door , a cold smile on she face . fade to : ext . suburban cul -de - sac - day neat little stucco house -- some not so neat -- simmer in tropical heat . a BMW Z-3 roadster stop at the head of the cul - de-sac . Nicole be drive . Kelly sit beside she . nicole this be it ? Kelly look at a pad of paper , nod . kelly four-thirty -seven . they pass a couple of teenager play basketball in a driveway , a guy mow he yard . nicole Nice . kelly what do you want , he 's a teacher for Christ 's sake . ( beat ) it 's here . pull over . Nicole do , before one of the not - so - neat house . Sam 's muddy Jeep wrangler be park in the drive . behind that be a red mercede convertible . int . sam' house - bedroom - same Sam and barbara , 28 , a lean , beautiful country - clubber roll on the bed . Barbara be dress for tennis . Sam wear a baggy pair of khaki short . Barbara struggle to escape . Sam grab a leg , kiss the back of she knee . he push up the little white skirt , kissing she between she thigh . barbara ( get just a little breathless ) Sam , come on ... I be gonna be late for my game ... Sam keep at it . she 's start to weaken . barbara ( cont 'd ) not that I be go to be much good after last night ... SAM eat a power bar . Barbara start to giggle . he 's just about get she when ... the doorbell ring . Sam let go . Barbara sigh . int . live room - same Sam go to the front door , open it , to find ... Kelly and Nicole , hold plastic pail full of rag . the girl be dress in Blue Bay High t-shirt , cropped to reveal flat tummy , short and run shoe . girl hi , Mr. lombardo . Sam look over the girl -- a small , exasperate smile . kelly look , he forget . I know it . SAM no I do not . check out the Jeep . it 's nice and dirty for you . ( beat ) but you might want to wait a minute . the mercede be leave . nicole you mean that be not yours too ? the girl giggle . Sam smile . kelly where 's the hose ? we can set up . SAM in back of the garage . as they walk away , he be join by Barbara . she watch the girl with a appraise eye . barbara be that Sandra Van Ryan 's kid ? SAM Kelly . barbara she 's go to wash you Jeep ? SAM senior class fund -raise gig . I tell them they could hose down the jeep. ( off Barbara 's look ) hey , come on . it 's for a good cause . Barbara laugh at he . barbara Sam the philanthropist . ( a beat ) tomorrow , right ? Sam nod . another kiss . ext . sam' driveway - same as Barbara go to she car she see the girl come from behind the garage . she look at Sam , stand in he doorway , watch the girl . when he see Barbara look at he , he shrug , then wave . ext . front door - sam' house - later Kelly and Nicole , look very much like the finalist in a wet T-shirt derby , ring the bell . Sam answer . he look they over . a couple of house down he can see the guy with the mower , dump grass into a can , watch the girl , then turn to walk back to he house . SAM so , where you off to now ? kelly be not you forget something ? ( off Sam 's look ) you coupon . we gotta have it . SAM jeez , that thing ... can not you ... kelly ( smile ) rule be rule , Mr. lombardo . Nicole laugh . SAM all right . I will have to look for it . kelly ( as he start to go ) Mr. lombardo . ( as he stop ) we be run kind of late . how about if Nicole go on to the manson ? you could give I a ride when you find the ticket . Sam look at she , as do Nicole . SAM give I a minute . he hurry from the room . Kelly turn to Nicole , give she the eye , point toward the drive . nicole ( mouth the word ) be you sure ? Kelly nod , a mischievous smile on she face . int . sam' bedroom - same Sam be rummage through drawer . he stop when he hear the SOUND of a car . he go to the window in time to see Nicole 's BMW head down he street . int . sam' live room - same Sam enter the room to find Kelly just inside the doorway , where the water from she wet clothing have form little pool on the linoleum . Sam look at the water . he look at Kelly . she move a step closer , allow the door to swing shut behind she . ext . sam' neighborhood a long , slow , Antonioni pan -- time pass -- the cul - de-sac -- the sparkling lawn -- the kid with the basketball -- a jogger pass by ... dissolve to : ext . sam' porch - later the front door . the door open . Kelly come out , fast , slamm the door behind she . she walk down the drive . there be tear on she face . as she hit the street , she begin to run . the man with the mower be now seat on he parch , drink beer . he watch as the girl run by . the teenager be still play hoop . they stop as Kelly jog past , sobbing . they watch as she hit the end of the cul - de-sac and disappear around a corner . ext . the everglade - day Sam , perch in the pilot 's seat of a beat - to- shit old air boat , rip through the Florida swamp land . he glide across channel of water , then turn into the tall grass which whip at the hull of he boat . bit and piece of debris fly through the air . Sam smile , swinging the boat through a series of wide , slide turn . suddenly he spot something . he throttles down glide into a shallow pool where ... a huge alligator , aware it have be find out , whip about , stir up mud , then scuttling out of sight SAM sly old fucker . how you get so big , be not it ? Sam sit for a moment in the silence . he pull a pair of binocular from beneath he seat and look through they . angle on horizon all we see be a shabby collection of whitewash building shimmer in the last long light of afternoon . Sam watch for some time . at last he lower the binocular , revs up he engine and leave . angle on sam' boat as it move away , as see from water level where ... the old gator have rise once more -- just the eye -- a cold primordial intelligence , gaze out , unblink across the murky water of the swamp . ext . sam' house - night Sam 's wrangler pull in next to Barbara 's mercede . the Jeep be muddy once more . so be Sam . he get out . int . sam' house - same Sam enter . the house be dark . SAM Barbara ? nothing . I cross the live room and start down the hallway , where a faint light issue from beneath the bedroom door . int . bedroom - same Sam open the door . he hear the SOUND of running water . he walk across the room and into the bathroom . int . bathroom - same cloud mirror , a shower stall full of . steam . behind the glass door we see a indistinct shape , move about in the hot water . Sam open the shower door . the steam clear to reveal Barbara 's gorgeous athletic body . barbara it 's hot in here , just the way you like it . she grab he shirt , pull he into the shower 's flow . they kiss . she pull he shirt open , loosen he pants . his clothes fall away . Sam push she up against the tile wall , hard . she hold to he shoulder , nail sink into he flesh , wrapping she leg around he hip as ... the water , dark with swamp mud , spiral down the drain . ext . van ryan estate - night Kelly Van Ryan sit on the dock , look back toward the huge stone house , where ... a yellow light burn in one of the upstairs window . Kelly have a shotgun laid across she knee . slowly , she raise the gun , point at the yellow window . she hold it there for some time , then , softly , to herself ... kelly bang ... int . master bedroom - van ryan estate - next day sunlight stream through open window , mingling with loud sigh of pleasure ... Sandra Van Ryan on top of frankie condo , a big , buff - out Cuban . they be make love on the bed . she throw she head back -- a explosion of hair -- gasp -- a orgasm be near , as ... a cordless phone ring on the night table . they try to ignore it . no dice . Sandra groan , finally pull away . sandra goddamnit ! ( she answer ) hello . computer voice ( v.o. ) hello , this be the attendance office at Blue Bay School . you son or daughter be absent today , Monday ... sandra Jesus H. Christ ! she hang up hard . sit on the edge of the bed . frankie what ? Sandra wave he off . she pull on a T-shirt , then grab up the phone once more , punch in a number . int . sam' office - blue BAY school - day desk , file , a terrarium full of swamp lizard , above which a photo of the windward passage decorate the wall . there 's a waterford bowl on the desk -- etched with " Sam lombardo -- Blue Bay educator of the Year . " Sam be work on the computer . the phone ring . he answer . SAM counseling . xntercut - sandra / SAM phone conversation Sandra seat on the bed , one long leg tuck beneath she . sandra Sam , Sandy Van Ryan . frankie 's eye go cold when he hear the word " Sam . " in he office , Sam push himself away from the computer , stiffening noticeably . SAM Sandy ... what 's up ? sandra listen , Kelly skip school . have you talk to she ? SAM no. sandra shit . here we go again . SAM do not you see she this morning ? sandra to tell you the truth , I have not see she since Friday . boom -- a shotgun blast outside Sandra 's window . she jump . boom , boom -- more blast . she jump up to look outside . sandra's Pov - kelly stand at the edge of the bay , launching skeet then blast they high above the water . back to scene sandra ( cont 'd ) never mind . I find she . ( a long beat ) listen , Sam . it be good see you the other day . ( beat ) I have not find anyone else can handle the Jonathan like you can . she glance at frankie -- who have hear enough . he give she a long hard look , then roll from the bed to walk from the room . Sam remain silent , watch the lizard with they blank , unblink eye . sandra ( cont 'd ) look . I know you be see Barbara baxter . so what ? SAM so maybe I be a one - woman man . Sandra laugh . sandra right. ( beat ) you really think you be gonna get one of this Blue Bay woman to marry you ? Sandra pause to laugh once more . sandra ( cont 'd ) grab a clue , Sam . you be a hire hand around here . enjoy it while it last . SAM Goodbye , Sandra . Sam put down the phone , look at it -- a long moment as -- the barest hint of a smile play upon he face . Sandra slam down she phone . she look to the bay , to the sleek racing sloop float beyond the private dock . sandra the nerve of some people . ext . van ryan estate - day the shotgun blast away . Kelly pause to reload . she catch sight of ... Sandra , approach from the main house . sandra you seem to find gun therapeutic . maybe I oughta try it . Kelly let the gun 's barrel drift over Sandra , then turn to walk away . she move toward the guest house . a used-brick cottage tuck among the gnarled branch and root of a huge banyan tree . Sandra follow . sandra ( cont 'd ) let I guess , some boy do not call and screw up the weekend . so you be take the day off . Kelly look toward the main house , in time to see ... frankie walk from the bedroom and dive into the pool . kelly which one of you " bodyguard " be that ? sandra whichever one I want . Kelly turn away , start for the guest house once more . int . guest house - day pan to reveal room -- the gun case , the animal trophy , the photo -- one of a stately old gentleman in a elaborate wicker chair , a cane at he side , a bowler on he knee . other of Kelly and a handsome middle - age man in safari gear , pose with they rifle above slain wildebeest and bison . Sandra and Kelly enter . Kelly put down the shotgun , turn , tear in she eye . sandra okay , what 's the matter ? kelly you notice my new jumper ? Kelly do a three - sixty , like a model on a runway . kelly ( cont 'd ) my friend buy I clothes , so I do not look like trash . sandra I would hardly say you look like trash . kelly no thanks to you . she sit on the bed . Sandra move to stand over she , angry now . sandra come off of it . ( a beat ) you run with all this little trust fund brat ... they think money grow on tree . it do not . believe I . and a lot of you little friend be gonna learn that one the hard way . ( beat ) I be try to spare you that . Kelly go to one shoulder on the bed , sobbing now . her mother continue to stand over she , suddenly more perplex than angry . sandra ( cont 'd ) Kelly . what be it ? kelly I miss dad . sandra jesus. ( a long beat ) well , I do too , sometimes ... kelly no you do not . sandra he do not have to kill himself , Kelly . he could have go out and get a job . Christ , he could have find another rich woman ... he never have a problem tucking my friend when we be marry . she pause as Kelly cry all the harder . sandra ( cont 'd ) I do not know why he do it . I really do not ... her voice trail away , as meanwhile Kelly have draw herself up into a fetal position on the bed . the sobbing have stop but she shoulder continue to shake . Sandra sit on the edge of the bed , reach over to rub Kelly 's back . sandra ( cont 'd ) can I get you anything ? Kelly shake she head , no . her mother look at she , clearly at a loss . at last she stand . she be head out of the room when Kelly say something , but the word be indistinct , as she fist be press against she mouth . sandra what , honey ? I can not hear you . there be a long beat as Kelly collect herself . she stare at the wall , she eye fill with tear , but when she speak she enunciate each word . kelly I say . I be rape . Sandra look as if she have be strike . sandra what ? kelly I be rape . ( a long beat ) by Sam lombardo . Sandra move over to the bed , sit once more . sandra he ... Sam lombardo ? kelly yes. God , Mom ... Kelly begin to cry . Sandra pull she upright , cradling she in she arm , eye on fire . ext . blue BAY police station - day a old Spanish - style building sit before a neat square of grass . sandra ( v.o. ) my daughter do not get rape in Blue Bay ! int . station house - interview room - day Sandra slam a fist on the conference table . Kelly be seat between she mother and she mother 's attorney , tom baxter . baxter sport a italian suit and a lethal Alexander haig look . seat across from this three be Ray , gloria and bryce hunter , the local d.a . silence follow Sandra 's outburst . baxter reach to squeeze Sandra 's shoulder . Kelly put she face in she hand . ray ( in a quiet voice ) you be say that Kelly be rape by Sam lombardo . sandra that 's right . Ray and gloria exchange look . gloria in particular look slightly stunne . gloria the guidance counselor at Blue Bay ? sandra ( sarcastically ) the guidance counselor at Blue Bay . gloria we understand you feeling , Ms. Van Ryan . but please , we would like some time with Kelly . we would like to take she statement alone . baxter nod , yes . Sandra look at Kelly . sandra be you okay for this ? Kelly nod . sandra ( cont 'd ) the man must be insane to think he can do this to I ... Tom baxter take she by the arm as Ray cross the room to open the door . bryce Hunter walk out with then . gloria take a seat closer to Kelly . when she speak , she be very calm and quiet . gloria how be you , Kelly ? would you like to take a break for a minute ? kelly ( shaking she head ) I just want to get it over with . my mom 's make I do this . I just want to forget it . gloria I know you do . she wait as Ray set up a camera on a tripod . gloria ( ccnt 'd ) we would like to videotape the statement if that 's all right with you . Kelly shrug . gloria ( cont 'd ) I know this be not pleasant , Kelly . but this be serious charge and we need to know everything that happen between you and Mr. lombardo . ( beat ) be you ready ? Kelly nod . close on video monitor - kelly statement kelly he start rub my shoulder . Said must be sore after wash car . I ... let he I mean he 's a nice guy . ( beat ) I do not know ... it be so fast . I close my eye . I remember he hand move to my breast . I mean just for a second it be nice ... I forget whore I be . I mean he 's so gorgeous ... pull back to reveal ... int . station house - day Ray , gloria and bryce Hunter stand at one end of the long conference table , watch the playback of Kelly 's tape . back to videotape kelly the next thing ... he hand be in my short ... you know , from behind . his finger ... he finger ... gloria ( o.s. ) take you time . kelly they be in I . both place ... you know . gloria ( o.s. ) I understand . kelly he say something like , " do you want it dirty 7 " or something . ( beat ) I try to turn away , but he push I to the floor . gloria ( o.s. ) be there penetration ? do he put himself inside you ? kelly yes . I say stop . I scream . I mean that 's how it sound in my head . he hurt I ... gloria ( o.s. ) ( as Kelly break into tear ) that 's okay , Kelly . you be do fine . ( beat ) but I have to ask you something here . when you say it hurt . be this the first time a man be inside you ? kelly no . I have do it a couple of time , I mean with guy I date . but this hurt ... like , he be build ... you know ... gloria ( o.s. ) he be large ? Kelly nod , start to break down again , then hold it off . gloria ( o.s. , cont 'd ) do you try to fight he ? kelly I ... he have my wrist pin behind I . I remember my hand be cold . ' gloria ( o.s. ) then what ? kelly he keep say , " let it happen , let it happen . " then he just stop . gloria ( o.s. ) you mean he withdraw ... kelly not at first . he be still inside but he be not move or anything ... he say we have this secret . and that now he would be able to help I ... because we be close ... something like that . I do not know . it 's hard to remember , exactly . gloria ( o.s. ) try , Kelly . kelly I know one thing he say . it be when ... when he take himself out and be stand up . ( beat ) he say , " do not worry , I do not come . " I can not forget that . he say , " no little girl can ever make I come . " the tape be pause -- freeze on Kelly 's face on screen . back to ray , gloria &amp ; hunter hunter " no little girl can ever make I come . " Jesus . too bad . we might have some physical evidence . Ray and gloria stare at the screen . gloria I do not know . it feel wrong . Ray and Hunter look at she . hunter why ? gloria I think she 's act . I think she set it up to be alone with he because she want he to come on to she . ( beat ) I think maybe she 's upset that he do not ... ray or maybe she think that be what she want and she get a little more than she bargain for ... hunter the line I get on this guy , be that he 's do half the woman in Blue Bay . gloria that do not make he a child rapist . ( beat ) there 's something else . this girl 's have some problem . wrecked a couple of she mom 's car . ran away ... hunter where 's this come from ? gloria I work juvenile in dade County for three year . we have a miss person on Kelly Van Ryan for two week ... maybe a year ago ... the family keep it out of the papers . ray that would make it about the time of she old man 's suicide . you do not think that could explain some erratic behavior ? gloria all I be say be , I think we should go slow here . Hunter put he hand together , think . he look from Ray to gloria , than back to Ray . hunter I want a full - scale investigation . gloria you know what that will mean for lombardo . hunter I do not care . you hear that girl 's statement . I think he 's dirty . get I a case . gloria and Ray watch as Hunter get up and leave the room . gloria well you be a big help . you know what 's go to happen if we go full - bore on this . Ray look at the screen . ray it 's we job , gloria . gloria Hunter 's make it we job because Sandra Van Ryan 's get a bug up he ass . you know that as well as I do . ( beat ) we be gonna trash this guy 's life and I keep ask myself if it 's really necessary . Ray think this over . he continue to study the screen . close on screen - kelly face ray ( 0.s. ) yeah , well , maybe you be wrong about he . maybe he 's get it come . begin montage - investigation ext . cul -de - sac - day Ray take note , talk with neighbor , kid , lawn mower man . ext . blue BAY school - driveway - day gloria talk with student -- Jimmy , Nicole , other . int . sam' office - day Sam sit at he desk , toy with a pencil . he watch student pass -- no smile , no wave , a occasional dark look . through the press of student Sam see Art at the door of he office . the two man look at one another . at which point ... gloria , follow by Ray , step into scene . the detective shake hand with Art . as Art turn to close the door , Sam fall within he line of vision . Art look away . the door swing shut . ext . blue BAY school dock - later the sky have begin to color . Art maddox stand on the grass at the end of the channel separate the slip , watch as ... a lone sailboat tack toward the school . angle on boat - SAM &amp ; jimmy Sam drop he sail , leave himself just enough momentum to cruise expertly into the little channel then into the slip . Art watch as Jimmy jump from the boat , tie it off . SAM that 's good , jimbo . I will see you on Monday . Jimmy hesitates , he want to say something . Sam wave he off . Jimmy give Art a hard look and head for the grass . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( to Art , nodd after Jimmy ) what 's leave of my sailing class . Art study the dock between he foot . SAM ( cont 'd ) talk to I artie . art Kelly Van Ryan ... SAM ... be accuse I of rape . Jimmy tell I . apparently I be the last to know ... art Sam ... I ... ( a long beat ) Sandra Van Ryan 's be on the horn with every member of the school board all day long . she 's push for suspension ... SAM this be insane . Art shake he head . art all I can tell you Sam , be hang in there . they clear you of this mess , you get reinstate , with back pay ... SAM that 's great . I will just tell my creditor I be not a rapist . no problem ... shit. ( beat ) I can not believe the board 's go to act without even hearing my side of it . art the Van Ryan family create Blue Bay . they build the school ... Sandra Van Ryan call up the board and say kiss my ass , they say , leave , right , or in the middle . ( beat ) you be gonna need some help on this one , Sam . you be gonna need a lawyer , and he would better be a good one . ext . strip mall - day typical of its kind -- a blockbuster video , a 7 - eleven , half a dozen small business , one of which , sandwich between a donut shop and the mongolian beef bowl , bear the sign : " ken bowden -- attorney at law . " int . waiting room - day Sam sit in a cramped wait room , leaf through a magazine . a attractive young secretary sit a few foot away , behind she desk . her phone ring . she pick it up , then turn to Sam , favor he with a flirtatious smile . secretary Mr. bowden will see you now . int . office - day Ken bowden , a slightly oily - look young man in a nice suit and a large , padded neck brace , rise to shake Sam 's hand . ken Sam , hey , it 's be a while . ( beat ) look for you at the ten year reunion . you miss out . Three day at the disneyworld Hotel ... partied ourselves silly . Sam nod . ken ( cont 'd ) couple of you old flame be there . you remember Jill , with the knocker . Ken hold he hand out in front of he chest . ken ( cont 'd ) blew up like the goodyear blimp . Sam force a smile . ken ( cont 'd ) but check this ... SAM ( interrupt ) ken. I be in some trouble . I need a attorney and you be the only one I know . so I figure I would start here . Ken stop , put on a serious face . ken well , I be glad you do . and I be sorry . ( fold he hand before he ) why do not you tell I about it . Sam look at he . he start to speak , then check himself . SAM what do you do to you neck ? Ken put a hand to he throat , as if aware of the brace for the first time . ken oh this ... chiropractor do a number on I . he take the brace off , toss it on he desk . ken ( cont 'd ) I do not really have to wear the thing all the time . ( beat ) a guy from the insurance be here . Ken smile . Sam look slightly ill . ken ( cont 'd ) go ahead , Sam . shoot . let 's see what we have get here . ext . a blue hay restaurant - night trendy nouveau . a valet park Sam 's Jeep . int . restaurlnt - same Sam walk across a tile entry . he look tired , but smile at the maitre d' . SAM georgie , hey . I be meeting Barbara . she here yet ? GEORGE look stiff , maybe a little nervous . Sam pick up on it . he scan the room ... angle on room dimly -lit , crowded , but we pick out Barbara , stun in a delicate white sun dress , tan arm rest upon a table . Sam start toward she . George reach out to touch he arm . GEORGE Mr. lombardo . Sam ignore he , thread he way among the people at a lavish bar , then stop short as he see who Barbara be with -- she father , Tom baxter . Tom baxter see Sam , get to he foot . baxter this be not appropriate lombardo . Sam step to one side , make eye contact with Barbara . Barbara have tear in she eye . she look at Sam , then shake she head , look away . SAM Barbara ... bazter you be finish in Blue Bay , lombardo . you have be scratch at the door long enough ... ( as Sam face he ) I ever see you around my daughter , you be go to be finish , period . the two man square off , but already we can see georgie , trail by a pair of beefy character in blue blazer make they way across the room . Sam see they too . he take a final look at Barbara . when she refuse to meet he eye , he push past baxter , through the crowd and out of the restaurant . ext . a everglade ROADHOUSE - night Red neon identify it as Jim 's recovery room . a handful of truck sit in a dirt parking lot , Sam 's Jeep among they . int . ROADHOUSE - night the air be thick with smoke . local shoot pool . the wall be decorate with dusty fishing net and inflate blowfish . a aging barmaid -- good-look -- once , run a rag around a pitcher , look down the bar , smile , find ... Sam , alone , await service . barmaid Sam , honey ... have not see you in a while . how 's life treatin ' you ? ( off Sam 's look ) that bad , huh ? well , you come to the right place . ext . ROADHOUSE - later Sam walk outside . he stand in the red glow of neon light , look toward the road ... on the opposite side of which ... ... sit a sorry little collection of whitewash stucco bungalow , identify by a green neon sign as the glade Motel . Beyond the motel be the everglade , a great expanse of darkness . Sam stare at the motel . at last he get in he Jeep . as he exit the lot , a second pair of headlight flash on . ext . everglade - night a desert two - lane road cut through the swamp . tree bearded with moss appear as ghostly shape in the light of Sam 's Jeep . int . / ext . SAM be jeep - moving - same San drive -- a tired face . Soft music on the radio . something appear in the road , catch for a moment in the headlight . Sam swerve , whirl he head around , see ... a gator slide of the shoulder and into the murky water . Sam let out some air , relax a bit , then catch sight of something else -- headlights find reflection in he rearview mirror , come fast . Sam watch as the light get closer . he look back to the road -- a approach curve ... Sam be into the curve when the light catch he . a black Range Rover move out to pass , then turn suddenly into Sam 's lane , cut he off . it happen quickly . Sam swerve to avoid hit the larger car , but the road afford little margin for error . the jeep slide across a narrow shoulder , then plummet down a steep embankment , crashing through cattail , roll over to slam back down on its tire in a swampy gulch . Sam slump back from the steering wheel . somewhere over he head he can see headlight shine into the tree . he hear a car door slam , the sound of someone scramble down the embankment . Sam try to get out of he seat harness . someone be approach , splash through the muck . suddenly a hand reach through the break driver 's window , help he . man' voice be you all right ? the hand get he loose . Sam stumble from the car . SAM yeah , I be okay . he look up to find -- frankie condo , loom over he . frankie that 's too bad . he grab Sam , pull he out of frame . what we be leave with be the SOUND of fist thudding into flesh -- then Sam , hit the hood of he Jeep , slumping down into the muck . frankie be breathe hard . we hear he slogging back up the embankment . we hear a door slam , the range rover drive away , leave only darkness , and the eerie sound of the swamp . ext . the strip mall - day Dazzling light . Sam 's smashed - up Jeep be park before Ken bowden 's office , next door to the mongolian beef bowl . int . beef BOWL - same Sam and Ken eye one another over a green plastic table -- Ken with he neck brace , Sam with a bruise face . ken I figure , you know , it would be darker in here . he move a hand to he face . SAM good think . ken you can tie whoever do it to Sandra Van Ryan ... SAM forget it . ken Lady have some deep pocket . that 's all I be say . SAM I know how deep she pocket be , Ken . I think I might be able to save my fuck house with a equity loan . guess who 's on the board of director at the bank ? he pause to look at Ken bowden . SAM ( cont 'd ) can not you take that stupid thing off ? ken not in here . chiropractor come in here for lunch sometimes . San sigh , slump back in he plastic seat . ken ( cont 'd ) you be not in bad shape , really . I know you think you be , but you be not . let I tell you why . ( beat ) Sandra Van Ryan . SAM what 's that suppose to mean ? ken for you to be get this kind of heat , for what they have on you ... it do not add up . Sandra Van Ryan 's get them run scared . ( beat ) and I will tell you something else , you rush , you get careless . Ken reach into he briefcase . he pull out some papers , toss they on the table . Sam pick one up , start to read . SAM nellie gail ranch ... ken sound nice ? it 's a fuck drug rehab farm . it 's where Kelly Van Ryan go when she morn fished she out of the swamp . ( beat ) meanwhile , you get educator of the year I mean there 's no way they can put this thing in front of a jury . ( beat ) shit , they have not even take you statement yet . reason ? they be still shoveling dirt and my guess be , they be come up empty . now tell I I be right . SAM there 's nothing for they to get . ken good . so what we be go to do be march right to Hunter 's doorstep . we be go to insist they take a statement . we be go to tell they to charge you ass or get off you back . ( beat ) they be walk a fine line here . defamation of character , malicious prosecution ... SAM I just want my life back ... ken Fair enough . let 's go make a statement . int . police interview room - day everyone 's look a little tired , with the possible exception of Ray . at this moment he sit back in he chair , stare at Sam . ray why do not you tell we one more time , how Kelly come to be with you , alone in you house . SAM ( with grow impatience ) Story 's the same , detective ... Ken pat he on the arm . when Sam speak again , it be in a calmer voice , calm but tired . SAM ( cont 'd ) I have to go look for this coupon . ray the one you buy at school . SAM ( nodd ) like I say , I have not really expect to use it . ( beat ) anyway , I be go through a drawer . I hear a car . I look out the window . I see Nicole drive away . I leave my room , and there 's Kelly . ray in cutoff , a wet T-shirt . SAM yes . ray and she want to talk . SAM yes . ray but you can not tell we what she want to talk about . SAM I could , but it 's confidential . look , the point be , we do not talk . I tell she this be not a appropriate time or place . ray and she begin to cry . and you put a arm around she . SAM yes . mainly to turn she toward the door . I tell she we would talk on Monday , in the office . gloria and when you turn she toward the door , where do you expect she to go , without a car ? SAM again . I think we cover this . I tell she I be go to call a cab . ray but she run away . SAM that 's right . gloria do you call anyone ? do you call she house to see if she get home ? do you call the mason ? SAM no. gloria be not you a little worried about she ...? SAM there 's a strip mall not half a mile from my house . there 's phone there . I cruise the place , but I do not see she . I figure she be probably there but that she be angry and do not want to be find . I do not know ... maybe I should have call . but it 's not like Kelly can not take care of herself . I figure we would just take it up on Monday , in the office . there be a moment of silence in the room . ray but you do admit to touch she , to put you arm around she . be not that against the rule ? SAM it be and I do not . ordinarily ... ( beat ) but , I mean ... there 's this kid stand in front of you cry ... ray with a thirty - five inch bustline in a wet T-shirt with no bra ... he be cut short as Sam shove he chair back from the table . SAM fuck you . this be bullshit . I be outta here . ray sit down , lombardo . Sam and Ray stare at one another . Ken put a hand on he client 's arm . ken all right , all right ... enough . Ken stand up . he walk to the two - way mirror set in one wall , rapping on the glass with he knuckle . ken ( cont 'd ) we come down here to make a statement . we have make it . ( beat ) if you be go to charge my client , do it now . int . opposite side mirror room - hunter stare at Ken 's face , about a foot away . Ken of course can not see he . Hunter give he the finger . int . interview room - ken stare into the mirror , wait . ken I do not think so . ( to Sam ) let 's go . Ken open the door . Sam turn back to Ray and gloria . SAM I have spend the last ten year of my life work with kid . I love what I do , and I think I be good at it . ( beat ) this kid trust I , and there be no way . no way in hell I would ever betray that trust . as Ken and Sam leave , Ray and gloria be join by bryce Hunter . hunter Nice speech . either of you buy ? Ray shrug . ray not that stuff about she run away , he try to find she . that 's bullshit . hunter what about witness ? ray we have get three . guy mow he yard , couple of kid play hoop . hunter and what do they say ? gloria same as he . they see she come . they see she go . they see he follow . ray still do not explain why he could not catch up with she . I mean how long do it take to put on a shirt ? at which point , a cop appear in the doorway . cop phone , bryce . it 's Sandra Van Ryan . hunter Christ almighty . that woman 's call I six time a day . he start away , then stop . hunter ( cont 'd ) I think you be onto something , Ray . stay with it . Hunter bang out of the room . gloria slump in a chair , tired , disgust . gloria we fail to mention the mower guy 's a drunk , that he be after more beer and never really see Kelly go into the house , so he can not say how long she be in there . same with the kid . they see she run down the street , but that 's it . ( beat ) with no physical evidence , what do we have ? her word against he . ray you be tell I you believe the guy ? gloria all I be say be , we let Sandra Van Ryan push we too hard , we be go to wind up look stupid . Ray be page by he beeper . he pull it off he belt , look at the number . ray I would better return this . Ray leave . gloria pull a cigarette from she purse and light up , rest she head back in the chair , blow smoke at the ceiling . int . interview room - later gloria be grind out the butt as Ray walk back in . there be something in the way he carry himself , some sense of urgency . ray ( off gloria 's look ) see any good gator wrestle lately ? ext . / int . detective ' car - moving - day Ray and gloria drive through the everglade , past marshland punctuate by thick stand of melaluca tree . gloria they say it be old man Van Ryan plant the melaluca to dry up the swamp . Ray nod . gloria ( cont 'd ) you can go up to one of that tree and peel the bark . you know what you get ? more bark . and more bark . there 's no core . Tree 's not good tar anything but suck up water . and now they can not get rid of they . they have try poison . nothing work . they do not die . ray yeah , well , Van Ryan get he . I do not imagine he give a shit now . gloria just look at he . Ray stare into the dusty light of a approach sunset . at last he slow , turn off the highway and onto a narrow dirt road . a sign poke out from the tall grass -- " smilin ' jack fish camp . " the Taurus bounce along the washboard road . gloria you be sure we be not lose ? they be drive now at the edge of a canal . ray you remember that little girl walk out of we talk at Blue Bay ? gloria the skinny brunette . ray this be where she life . she want to talk . ( beat ) beat the shit out of I why she would call I at all . I bust she once for possession . she wound up do about six month at Camp nine . gloria you mean Camp sixty - nine . Ray give she a look . gloria shrug . gloria ( cont 'd ) that 's what they call it when I be in juvenile . it 's a pretty dismal place . ray it 's a shithole . but she be dirty , what be I gonna do ? they pass a sagging chain - link fence , enter a quarter - mile run of shabby trailer and cheap shack . the squalor of the building be seat in contrast to the beauty of the glade where the water have go to the color of polished brass beneath a immense , darken sky . Ray park before a ramshackle building cover in vine and peel paint . a sign read : " night crawler $ 1 a bucket . " the jawbone of numerous gator hang beneath the eave . as they get out of the car , something catch gloria 's eye -- along the bank of the canal ... angle on bank where a tall man ( walter ) with long white hair and tattooe arm kneel inside a pen , slapping a huge gator on its snout . the reptile lift its upper body , hiss , open its jaw . walter take a stick from he hip pocket , pass it through the gator 's mouth . the jaw snap shut , incredibly fast , with a hollow snap sound . gloria jump instinctively , then watch , aghast , as walter slap the creature once more . this time move round to the front of the gator , stick halt he arm inside its mouth . voice ( 0.5 . ) he 's just showin ' off for you now . gloria start , then turn to find a woman ( ruby ) have walk up beside she . the woman be in she sixty . she 's dress in polyester . her hair be pile on top of she head -- too dark to be anything but a dye job . a cigarette bob from she lip . before gloria can respond , Ray step up behind than . ray even Ruby . ( beat ) I see you still get walter . I be sort of hope something have eat he by now . ruby ( a long beat ) can I help you with something ? Ray and the old lady look at each other . ray suzie call . you know where we can find she ? Ruby look toward the store . ruby you know the way . she watch as the detective cross the road , then call to they as they start up the step . ruby ( cont 'd ) you will not shoot she will you ? I do not believe she 's armed . gloria turn , surprised . Ray give the woman a long , cold stare , then open the door for gloria . int . camp store - same it 's dark inside . the main light source be a tiny , beat - up black - and - white tv . two elderly woman in color bouffant hairdos sit on a ratty old couch watch rerun of " family feud . " they look up as Ray and gloria enter then exit through a door in the back . int . suzie' room - same Black wall . cheap bookshelve , fill to overflow . a wire strung with dismember doll part run the length of the room . suzie be propped on a ratty futon , a open book on she stomach , she thin , white arm cross behind she head . suzie Jesus . it take you long enough . what if somebody be try to strangle I ? or fuck I in the ass , even ? ( beat ) I mean , you guy be sex crime . Ray manage a thin smile . ray meet my partner , gloria Perez . suzie I do . at Blue ball . gloria seem to I you leave early , before we could meet . but hi , suzie . gloria put out a hand . suzie look at it , put out a hand of she own . as the woman shake , gloria look at the book on suzie 's stomach , turn she head as if to read the title . suzie it 's celine . he 's okay . he have a pretty good line on what cheap fuck people be . ray so suzie , you call we , remember ? suzie take a cigarette from a pack at she side , light up , blow smoke at the ceiling . suzie do they arrest Mr. lombardo ? Ray and gloria exchange look . ray no. suzie will they ? ray it do not look like it . suzie then he will be back at Blue ball ? Ray shrug . gloria that bother you ? suzie ( a long beat ) yeah , maybe , a little . gloria why be that ? suzie let out she breath . she rest she head against the wall . gloria ( cont 'd ) you can talk to we , suzie . that 's why we be here ... int . police interview room - day suzie , gloria and Hunter sit at the conference table . Ray operate the video cam . gloria okay , suzie . we want you to tell we about the day Mr. lombardo give you and Jimmy a ride . suzie stare at the three cop around she , then at the camera . suzie you do not tell I you be gonna put I on the fuck news . gloria we need to tape the interview , suzie . no one will see it but we . ( beat ) now when be this , that Mr. lombardo give you the ride ? suzie stare at the camera . she 's lose the cockiness she have on she own turf . she look small , white and frail in the sterile room , surround by the detective . suzie about a year ago . gloria he drop Jimmy off first ? suzie yeah . gloria and when he arrive at you house , be anyone there ? suzie no . gloria so you be alone . suzie yes . gloria do he come in with you ? suzie I guess . hunter you guess ? do he or do not he ? suzie yeah ... okay ... he do hunter and then what ... he touch you ? do you maybe flirt a little ... suzie I wanna go home now . gloria glare at Hunter , shake she head . gloria suzie , look , I know you feel bad . I know it 's harder to talk here than in you room , but we need to get it on tape . ( beat ) just tell we what you tell we before . tell we the truth . suzie huddle in she skinny arm , study the detective . suzie I do not say a thing to he . he just put he arm around I . told I I be pretty ... I could be really pretty , he say . another moment -- she look at Ray , then at Hunter . hunter what do you do then ? suzie ( a long beat ) shit , what difference do it make ... nobody 's gonna believe I anyway ... hunter suzie ! do this man rape you ? suzie okay ! he do . he push I to the floor and he do it to I . now , can I go home ? she stand up . gloria at that point be you able to fight he off ? suzie no . he stop by himself . okay ? that 's all . let I go . gloria get to she foot as well ; she try to put a arm around suzie . the girl jump back as if she have be shocked . suzie ( cont 'd ) do not touch I . gloria 's hand fall to she side . suzie head for the door . the detective exchange look . at which point , suzie stop , turn to face the room . suzie ( cont 'd ) he do say something . gloria what be that ? suzie he say , " no little bitch can ever make I come . " the sliding bar door of a jail slam shut on Sam lombardo . he turn to ... two menace prisoner . prisoner so you be the new chicken licker . CUT to : court tv image the graphic -- " Prime time justice " -- then the anchor -- cynthia . cynthia ( tv ) today from Superior Court in Miami , Florida -- dade County versus Samuel J. lonbardo . pull back to reveal ... int . arta office , blue BAY high - day Art , student , faculty member huddle around the tv . cynthia ( tv , cont 'd ) the lonbardo rape case have galvanize the upscale town of Blue Bay ... ext . courthouse - day video crew surround a limo as Sandra and Kelly emerge . cynthia ( v.0. , cont 'd ) ... with its tabloid appeal -- Sandra Van Ryan -- jet - set real estate heiress ... Tom baxter and Barbara jostle up the step . cynthia ( v.0. , cont 'd ) the powerful Blue Bay elite ... suzie , in the company of Ruby and walter , push past the video crew . cynthia ( v.0. , cont 'd ) ... the girl from the wrong side of the track ... int . courtroom - day bryce Hunter confer with he team . Ken in he neck brace , enter with Sam and a bailiff . Sam wear a suit . re 's clean -shaven , recover from the car wreck and beat . still , there be a weariness about he we have not see before . he make eye contact with Sandra -- a cold stare . cynthia ( v.0. , cont 'd ) in the end , the prosecution 's case will come down to ... int . courtroom - day Hunter in front of the jury . hunter ... what happen to Kelly lanier Van Ryan and Susan Marie toller that will forever change the life of this two young woman ? what happen in that fifteen minute alone with Samuel lombardo ? close on SAM the dark , seductive eye . int . courthouse - witness waiting room - day suzie , nervous , pace the floor , stop , light a cigarette . the other witness sit in chair along the wail -- the lawn mower man , cul - de - sac kid , Barbara , Nicole , as ... in the courtroom Kelly Van Ryan sit in the witness box , dabbing she eye with a handkerchief while bryce Hunter stand before she . the room be silent , the spectator rivete on the scene . hunter do you need more time ? Kelly shake she head , no . hunter ( cont 'd ) I know this be hard , Kelly , but I have just one more question and even though its something we have be over , I want we all to be very clear about it . ( a long beat ) when you make the decision to stay at Mr. lombardo 's house , after he have offer you a ride . when you see that he intend to have sex with you , what be you exact word ? what do you say ? kelly I tell he , no . I say stop , Mr. lombardo , please ... I scream for he to stop ... hunter and do he ? Kelly look defiantly at the courtroom . kelly no . he rape I on the floor of he shitty house . CUT to : witness waiting room - same - suzie still pace , as Ray and gloria enter the room . suzie shoot they a nervous glance , drop she cigarette , bend to pick it up , burn she finger , drop it again . she curse beneath she breath , wrapping she finger about she shoulder . Ray and gloria watch she , exchange glance . gloria pick up suzie 's cigarette for she , put it out in a ashtray . gloria you have get nothing to be scared of , suzie , just take a deep breath . int . courtroom - later panning the spectator , we see Sandra , baxter , Ray , gloria . Hunter be on the witness stand . suzie be in the box . she look pale , even more nervous . suzie he push into I ... I could not stop he ... it hurt . hunter I be sorry ... you say it hurt ? why ? suzie because ... it be the biggest I have ever see . and I have see a lot on they way through Jack 's Fish Camp . chuckle in the courtroom . the judge glare , silencing it . hunter Ms. toller , do Samuel lombardo rape you in you family 's home on the 23rd of April last year ? suzie glance at Sam , hesitates . hunter ( cont 'd ) Ms. toller ? suzie I say he do . hunter Ms. toller . I be ask you now , under oath , do Samuel lonbardo rape you ? suzie look around , as if for help . the spectator stir . Ray rub he eye . gloria 's be close . suzie this be not my idea . hunter I be sorry ? suzie look at Sam once more . suzie look . I just do not want to get into any more trouble ... Tom baxter rise to he foot . the judge raise a hand , motion he to sit back down . judge ( to baxter ) the Court would like to hear what miss toller have to say . ( to suzie ) miss toller . suzie Mr. lombardo do not rape I . he do not rape Kelly either . he do not do anything . quick cut Hunter slump back against the prosecution table . Sandra 's hand cover she mouth . baxter mumble a curse . Sam hang he head in relief . Ken grin above he neck brace . courtroom lobby the press corps scramble for camera . blue BAY hig teacher , student , Art , Jimmy -- cramme around the tv . jimmy I do not believe it ... in the courtroom bryce Hunter and Tom baxter be both on they foot , try to make themselves hear above the din . hunter you honor ... I must object ... judge ( hammer for order ) I think I make it plain that the Court intend to near miss toller 's story . the judge turn a cold eye on suzie . suzie I be sorry . judge sorry ? just how far do you intend to let this go ? suzie I do not know . I just want to hurt Mr. lombardo . Sam look up , confuse . suzie ( cont 'd ) he be my friend at first . then I get bust ... he do not even stick up for I . I have to go away to that hellhole . it 's like , you be he favorite , then who care ? you wanna know something ? when Kelly say we should do this , I think cool , all this big shot screwing I over , like that cop , duquette . now they be gonna get screw . hunter you honor ... please ... judge any more interruption Mr. Hunter , and the Court will hold you in contempt . ( to suzie ) what you be tell I , Ms. toller , be that Kelly Van Ryan be responsible for conceive this entire charade ... suzie Kelly 's piss at Mr. lombardo , too . she 's in love with he . I mean she whole fantasy be he since she old man die . then she find out that Mr. lombardo be do she mom . I mean that be it ... gasp in the court as -- Kelly burst from the witness wait room , trail by a bailiff . kelly you stupid little bitch ... she grab the first thing she can get she hand on -- a glass of water from one of the table and hurl it toward the witness stand before the bailiff can pin she arm against she side . int . courthouse lobby - later a mob scene . video crew be herde to one side by bailiff as Sandra and baxter , with Kelly in tow , move toward a side door . Sam and Ken round a corner , follow by Ray and gloria who walk on either side of suzie . Kelly see they . she make a run at suzie . for a moment the girl shove and kick but Ray and gloria be between they in a hurry , pull then apart as baxter arrive to take charge of Kelly , pull she toward the door . Ruby and walter arrive now too . suzie run to they and they lead she through the crowd , walter push people aside with he long , tattooe arm . gloria heave a sigh . Ray push a hand through he hair , then turn to find Sam look at he . most of the press have run off to follow the girl -- look for more action . it be a quiet moment . the two man lock eye . SAM I have find that adolescent make the best liar . they be old enough to be good at it , but you want like hell to believe they , because they be still child . Ray just look at he -- a hard stare . ext . / int . ken be t- bird - day top down , speed on a highway , banana palm on one side , the blue Atlantic on the other . wind buffet Ken and Sam -- who have a daze look . ken ( hype ) come on , let loose ! SAM I be just think about where I be gonna stay . I lose the house . it 's like waking up from a goddamn nightmare . ken you will get over it . we have get a knockdown , airtight , motherfucker of a lawsuit against Sandra Van Ryan . SAM just like that ? ken just like that ? this people ruin you life , bro . Ken pause to thump the wheel with the butt of he hand . ken ( cont 'd ) I tell you they be go overboard and they do ... they will settle . believe I . they will be begging to settle ... at which point Ken spot something up ahead . his smile broaden . he swerve into the other lane , toot he horn , wave , as ... the t-bird draw even with a sleek black limo . SAM you do not think you be overdo it ? he pull off he neck brace , dangle it in front of Sam 's face , then toss it out the window . int . limo - moving - same Tom baxter watch as the t-bird rocket off into the distance , a white piece of foam rubber bounce across the road in its wake . a console tv be on -- news of the courthouse chaos . Sandra be next to baxter . Kelly be on the opposite bench seat . sandra I hope you be go to nail he scrotum to the nearest wall . baxter that might have be a possibility , if little miss not - so- bright here have not start throw thing . kelly fuck off . Sandra lunge to slap Kelly . baxter stop it in midair . baxter see what I mean ... sandra you be go to let they get away with this ... this shit ? on the word of one little white trash bitch ... baxter you like see you name in the papers ? Sandra glare at he . baxter ( cont 'd ) leave town , Sandy . go to you place in St. bart . let thing cool down . Sandra concentrate on the tv . baxter ( cont 'd ) they will try for twenty million . the cheaper the lawyer , the higher the demand . sandra you have get to be kid . haxter the man 's life have be destroy . there will always be doubter , no matter what happen in court . sandra I be not pay any idiot twenty million dollar . baxter I say that 's what they would ask for . Sandra stare from the window . at last she turn to Kelly . sandra I hope you be happy . Kelly seem to give this a moment 's think , then , smile . kelly ecstatic . ext . everglade - day Sam cruise slowly across the water in he junked - out air boat . he kill the engine , allow the craft to glide to a stop . he 's close to where he find the big gator -- the same shabby collection of whitewash building we now recognize as the glade Motel , shimmer in the distance . Sam lean back , enjoy the silence . he reach into a cooler , take out a beer , open it , take a drink , then pull something else from the cooler -- -- a bundle of white butcher 's paper . Sam open the paper , take out raw meat -- something disgusting to look at -- big red turkey neck , maybe , which he toss into the water . angle on water as the meat drift down -- then , a sudden boil , as -- quick as the strike of a snake -- the huge gator emerge , jaw wide , to snap up the morsel before slip beneath the surface once mare . dissolve to : int . law office - day Ken 's Secretary open the inner office door for baxter . Ken rise from a desk to greet he . ken Tom baxter . good to see you again . baxter let 's cut the crap . what do you client want ? ken besides a apology ? baxter unless you be plan on leave Blue Bay , there 's gonna be other case , other day ... you might want to keep that in mind . ken okay Tom . my client want you client to saddle up ... so we can ride she ass all the way to the bank . ext . blue BAY school - day a hot morning in June . shadows angle across the campus . student line up at the old wooden pagoda , pick up cap and gowns . a few turn , surprised to see ... SAM lombardo cross the parking lot , enter a building . int . arta office - art work at he desk . Sam 's terrarium be behind he , he " educator of the Year " waterford bowl , a storage box of file . Art look up at a knock on the door . Sam walk into the room . it be a slightly awkward moment . SAM lizard do not seem to miss I . the two man smile , break the tension . SAM ( cont 'd ) how you do , artie ? art I ... you know ... I ... Sam wave he off . SAM take care of my lizard , Art . Art stand up . the two man shake hand . outside guidance office Sam come out , then stop suddenly . Kelly wait for he . kirk and Nicole be with she . a long moment . SAM Kelly ... kelly Drop dead ... you know where my mom be try to get the money to pay you off ? she 's try to break my trust . how do you like that ? I can not touch it until she 's dead and she will not give I a dime and now she 's try to break it to pay you ... SAM look , Kelly ... I be sorry ... I know what you have be through ... I should have see something like this cone . Art appear in the door behind Sam . Kelly cone closer . kelly why do not you start fuck she again . you can spend it together . kirk try to take Kelly 's arm . she jerk away , swing at Sam . he duck , drop the waterford BOWL , which shatter upon the floor . kirk bear-hug Kelly . she throw a notebook at Sam . kelly ( cont 'd ) I hate you ! she start cry . kirk and Nicole drag she away as a crowd gather . Sam , shake , kneel over the break crystal . Art bend to help he pick up the piece . SAM you see . I could not stay , even if I want to . ext . strip mall - night Sam 's Jeep be park next to the t-bird and jaguar . int . ken' office - same baxter , Ken , Sandra , frankie stand watch , as Sam sign papers . at last Sam look up , face Sandra -- not a happy moment . Sandra give he a long , hard stare , then walk from the room . frankie prepare to follow she , then stop , look at Sam . frankie I will be see you . Sam just look at he . the big man leave . baxter close he briefcase . ken so long , Tom . come by sometime . we will have lunch at the beef bowl . baxter stop , give he a cold look , then a surprising smile . baxter I do not think you be gonna be eat at the beef bowl anymore , kid . he exit . Ken go apeshit -- whoops , dance around the desk , drop into he chair , hold up the document . Sam watch , smile , finally . SAM thanks Ken , you do okay . both man stand , they shake hand . Ken clap he on the arm . ken ( no clowning now ) look , I know there 's a part of you wish none of this have happen . but it do . now take the money and get out of here . find a happy place . dissolve to : ext . everglade - night moonlit fog -- the vast swamp . ext . glade motel - night it 's late . a neon palm tree flash across a empty lot as ... Sam 's Jeep pull in out of the night , park before its bungalow . Sam get out , lift he storage box of file from the rear . int . bungalow - night the neon 's green light slashes across the dark wall through old venetian blind . Sam enter , put the file box on the floor . arch a sore back . he reach for a bedside lamp , stop , listen , decide it 's nothing , reach again for the lamp , stop again , listen ... bzzzzz -- the high -pitch whine of a mosquito . then more -- a flurry of bzzzzzzzzs Sam frown , see ... a cloud of mosquito circle he . he check the front window -- close . he go around the bed . the slightly ajar bathroom door with full - length mirror come up on he right . ahead be a rear window -- wide open . Sam stop fast . thinks . let out a breath . SAM damn may . he step to the window . he look down -- muddy footprint . Sam freeze . he whirl around -- a sudden green face appear in the big mirror -- like a nightmare image -- light by the neon flash , then disappear . Sam jump back . SAM ahhhh ! the neon green face flash again in the mirror -- disappear . now the bathroom door slowly open all the way . Sam back up , hit the wall . Kelly Van Ryan step out of the bathroom , a long object hold at she side , wrap in a towel . SAM Jesus Christ , what be you do ? kelly so you get my mom 's money . Sam try to breathe , manage a nod . kelly ( cont 'd ) how much ? Kelly prod he with the conceal object . kelly ( cont 'd ) how much ? SAM about six and a half million dollar . Kelly raise the abject cover by the towel , aim it at Sam . kelly you turn to pay . a moment -- then she yank the towel away to reveal -- -- a two -foot-long novelty penis with giant ball . her hand grip the acrylic scrotum like the butt of a gun . kelly ( cont 'd ) King Dong ! that 's you , Sam ! she scream with joy , vault into he arm , wrap that perfect thigh around he . the dildo go fly . they fall on the bed . kelly ( cont 'd ) it work ! we screw the bitch ! she 's all over he now -- tongue kiss . kelly ccont 'd ) it work just like you say it would . he kiss she , finally get she to sit , straddle he . SAM God , you scared the shit out of I . you must be crazy come here . kelly of course I be crazy . ask my mom . she kiss he again , more passionately now . he get into it , tear she blouse open , put he tongue to she breast . a shadow move on the wall , loom above they . Sam see it , he eye widen . he try to sit up , as ... bang ! -- a explosion . Sam jump , knock Kelly to he side . a champagne cork hit the ceiling . suzie toller stand over the bed with a foam champagne bottle . suzie how much be about six and a half million divide by three ? SAM Jesus . two million one hundred thirty - three thousand three hundred thirty - three and change . Kelly scream in joy again . SAM ( cont 'd ) now calm down . both of you . the girl put on mock serious expression . SAM ( cont 'd ) from now on , if we be see together , it 's get to be accidental . I think that be understand ... kelly hey , come on ... we have get to have at least one victory party . Kelly grab the champagne , take a long gulp , pour some on she breast as she straddle Sam once more , invite he to lick they clean . SAM Kelly , for christ 's sake ... she have begin to move like a lap dancer , invite he to take she breast in he mouth , put a hand to he crotch ... SAM ( cont 'd ) the only way we be gonna blow this now , be if we do it ourselves ... kelly ( she hand in he crotch ) do it to ourselves ? SAM ( weaken ) we have to stick with the plan . kelly stick ? Sam give up , lay back as Kelly undoe he pants , then move to get he inside she . suzie watch . she take another drink , then toss the bottle , pull off she top , revealing she small , white breast , a couple of tattoo , a pierce nipple . she slip behind Kelly , fondle Kelly 's breast as Sam arch beneath they both -- all of they totally into it now , lose themselves in the sex ... fade to : int . detectivis ' room , blue BAY police station - night the room be dark and empty , with the exception of a single desk lamp , by which halo we find ... Ray duquette , in a aloha shirt , wait as he computer 's printer finish a job , as suddenly ... ... a new light rush into the room . Ray turn to find gloria stand in the doorway . he stop as he printer finish the job . he pull out the paper , look at it , smile . gloria walk to he desk . ray you see the news today ? gloria lombardo 's settlement ? Ray nod . gloria ( cont 'd ) yeah , well , I tell you they be gonna make we look stupid . Ray give she a long look . gloria wait a moment , shrug . ray hey , do not back away from it , you be right . we do look stupid . ( beat ) what you be wrong about , be who make we look that way . gloria just look at he , puzzle . ray ( cont 'd ) think back , before the suit be file , before the trial . lombardo have a affair with Sandra , right ? ( gloria nod ) so why not tell we about the affair ? I mean it could be a hell of a motive for Kelly to fabricate she charge in the first place . gloria maybe lombardo 's attorney be save the affair for the trial . ray I think of that . then I say , come on , you be lombardo . you reputation be get trash . you want to stop the bleed . you do not want to sit in jail for three month . unless ... gloria unless what ? ray unless you be set up Sandra Van Ryan for the big payday . it be quiet in the office , save for the soft buzz of Ray 's computer . ray ( cont 'd ) they chump we , gloria , right from the start . gloria why ? you ask I , lombardo have it pretty good already , nice job in a beautiful set , popular , a active social life . ( beat ) he 's gonna put this all on the line for some dicey play like what you be describe ... ray ( interrupt ) the job look okay to we . but look at it from he point of view . the man 's surround by wealth and privilege . but for he ... it 's just a reminder of what should have be he . gloria give this a moment 's think . ray ( cont 'd ) you old man graduate from Blue Bay School , you be not suppose to wind up there . board of director maybe , but not in the lousy guidance office . now . Point number two . ( he tap at the printout on he desk ) I have run a financial on lombardo . guy be eyeball - deep in debt before this all happen -- try to keep up with pricey trim like Barbara baxter . he pass the printout to gloria . she look at it , think . gloria so what about the girl ? suzie 's poor , but why would Kelly have to steal from she own mother ? surely she father ... ray ( interrupt ) her father do not leave she squat . the kid 's get money in trust from she grandfather , but she can not touch that till she mother die and Sandra seem to have the idea that Kelly ought to learn the value of a buck . gloria look over lombardo 's financial once more , toss it on the desk , then study Ray -- long beat . gloria this one 's get you work overtime , have not it ? ray I flat do not like the guy , glory . he 's dirty . and I will tell you something else . you want to know how old man lombardo lose he money ? ( beat ) he be fuck out of it by old man Van Ryan , on a little item know as the Salt Creek land deal . ( beat ) it be after the war . Van Ryan set up a corporation to develop swamp land , get investor like lombardo to put up money , then turn around and get the state to declare the area a ecological preserve , on the sly , of course , but everyone know it be he . the freeway go to the coast , right where Van Ryan want it . gloria eliminate the competition . ray you get it . the rich get richer . while the sap like lombardo go belly - up in the swamp . gloria look at he a long moment . gloria where would you come up with this stuff , anyway ? ray ( a long beat ; then beneath a smile ) I net a guy in a bar . ext . a bank , blue BAY - day Sam walk down the step , get into he Jeep , and drive away . across the street -- the white Taurus -- Ray and gloria watch . ext . yacht brokerage - day Sam come out , round a corner and be go . Ray duquette step into frame , turn into the brokerage . the door swing shut behind he . int . swimming pool , blue BAY school - day Girls in tank suit finish lap , towel off . as the girl begin to walk toward the locker , they encounter ... Ray duquette , thread he way among the girl , he eye on ... Kelly , alone on the deck , still drip -- a botticelli vision . ray ( o.s. ) Nice stroke . Kelly , startle , turn to find Ray walk toward she across the deck . she snatch a towel from one of the racing platform and begin to dry herself , wrapping the towel around she . kelly be there some reason why you be here ? ray curiosity , I guess . kelly about what ? how to improve you breast stroke ? Ray give she a cold smile . ray actually , I be curious about how you see thing work out , for you , Sam and suzie . this appear to give she pause , a moment of hesitation . kelly Excuse I ? ray you all gonna go down to the Caribbean together ? Kelly look around the pool area . a number of girl be watch from a corner of the deck , but no one be close enough to hear . ray ( cont 'd ) the thing about it be , threesome so rarely work out . kelly you be out of you mind . ray I have be a cop for a while , Kelly . ( beat ) it 's hard enough for one person to keep a secret , let alone three . and then there 's the love angle . I mean do you and Sam really want that little pill - head around , now that you have the money ? Kelly start to walk away . Ray cut she off . ray ( cont 'd ) be I right , do Sam sell you on the idea right up front , of whack suzie ? that 's murder , Kelly . kelly Police -- God -- get a life . she move around he and walk calmly away . ray ( loud enough to make himself hear ) you be good . but you do not think that little ditz suzie 's gonna hold together , do you ? Kelly continue to walk , she face give nothing away , as Ray 's word echo over the pool . ext . blue BAY school parking lot - long shot - later only a few car leave -- one of they suzie 's old vw bug , at the side of which Kelly and suzie engage in heat conversation . closer - suzie pace around Kelly . suzie you do not know duquette . I be the one he bust ... he 's a fucker , man ... he will fuck we both over ... Kelly try to take she by the arm . suzie jerk away . suzie ( cont 'd ) I be not go back to that prison . that 's what it be ... a fuck hell hole ... Kelly look around the lot . she take suzie by the arm once more , this time more firmly , pull suzie to she . kelly will you calm down . duquette 's gonna come to you just like he do to I . you be gonna have to be ready for he . suzie yeah , but he can not push you around like he can I . you have get family and they have get clout . with we it 's different ... with I ... kelly ( circle she with she arm ) yeah , I have get family and they have get clout and now you have I . right ? and Sam . believe I , suzie , this dickhead 's not go to send you anywhere . he 's gonna try and rattle you cage , and that 's it . stay strong and he can not do shit . suzie ( a long beat ) man , I wanna smoke a joint . pull back to reveal -- in the distance -- the white Ford Taurus at the side of the road lead to the school . the car be pull just far enough off the road to be mostly hide among pampas grass and oleander , but angle in such a way as to afford a view of the two girl now hugging in the lot . ext . smilin ' jack fish camp - night suzie wander along the canal , smoking a joint . at she back a few faint light flicker here and there in the window of trailer . she walk down to the little dock , sit on a rail , take another hit . voice ( 0.s. ) ' even , suzie . how be school today ? suzie freeze , hold back she exhale , look around ... a shadow stir in one of the skiff tie to the dock . a man stand , walk up the couple of wooden stair . the light from a trailer across the road glance off steel - rimmed glass as Ray duquette step onto the dock . suzie gag on the smoke in she lung , cough . she squeeze the light roach into she palm , then toss it into the canal . ray you ought to watch it with that shit , suzie . you get bust again , you go back in a two - tine loser . suzie you get something against cigarettes ? Ray just laugh at she . ray yeah , they be bad for you health . ( beat ) I be tryin ' to look out for you ... suzie that 's cop bullshit . ray well , you be half right . best thing you could do for yourself right now would be to talk to I . suzie about what ? ray every triangle I have ever see never last . somebody 's get to go . suzie be this suppose to mean something to I ? what triangle ? ray you , Kelly , Sam . suzie I do not have to listen to this . and you can not shove I around . I have friend now ... she catch herself , falter . Ray laugh once more . ray be that what you think ? you have friend ? be that what they tell you ? suzie I do not mean who you be think . I have other friend ... ray suzie , suzie ... this be I , Ray , you be talk to . we both know you do not have shit , never have have shit , never will have shit ... he take a sheet of paper from he coat . ray ( cont 'd ) here , suzie . I want you :o look this over . know what it be ? ( as suzie take it ) Sam deposit he check , transfer the fund to a offshore bank , a numbered account . not even the cop can find out whose name be on it . think one of they 's yours ? suzie look over the paper . ray ( cont 'd ) he also put a down on some island property , and a lease - to - buy on a forty - foot sailboat . you be into sailing , be not you , suzie ? suzie thrust the paper back at Ray . suzie get away from I . ray do not you see what this mean ? you really think Sam and Kelly be gonna give you a third of the money ? you , the pill -head with the rap sheet ? suzie shut up . Ray smile at she . he move up close . ray you know , I do not think I ever tell you I be sorry about you little friend ... what be he name ? suzie try to back away . she bump against the rail . Ray reach out , take she hand in both of he . ray ( cont 'd ) come on , suzie , help I out here . you know he name . suzie look scared , in a way she have not before . when she speak she voice be scarcely above a whisper . suzie davy . ray ( nodd , a scary smile ) that 's right . that be he name . the smile fade , as if he 's think about something , still hold she hand , rub it with he finger . ray ( cont 'd ) sometimes I wonder if you be really as dumb as you pretend to be . he look into suzie 's eye , slowly open she hand to reveal the burn mark on she palm . ray ( cont 'd ) but you know what ? I would be keep a clear mind right now if I be you . ( beat ) I would hate to see you come to a bad end . like davy do . he hold she hand a moment longer , then drop it . he go back down he step to the little skiff . a outboard motor start in the night . int . suzie' room - night suzie cone in fast , grab the phone , punch out a number . SAM ( v.0 . ) ( answer machine ) this be Sam . I be not in right now ... ext . / int . ray' pickup - night park behind some cottonwood in a small launch area where the highway cross both the canal and the road to the fish camp . the skiff have be shove into the bed . Ray sit at the wheel . he remove he glass , wipe he face with a handkerchief , then start at the uneven 50 und of a tired engine , look up to see ... headlight suzie 's vw bounce along the dirt road , turn onto the highway . ray' truck - ray watch , then start he truck and pull out onto the highway , follow the tiny red light of suzie 's bug . sxt . van ryan estate - MAIN gate - night suzie 's vw idle . she lean out the window , talk to the intercom , the gate open . the vw enter . the gate close . Ray 's pickup drive past . he drive to a big lot where one of the mansion have be tear down . he drive up onto the dirt , keep go , right down to the water 's edge where he pull he little skiff out of the back once more . he walk back to the truck , pull off he sport coat , hang a hi-8 video camera over he shoulder and wade out into the calm water of the bay , push the skiff , then climb in . ext . van ryan estate , rear of MAIN house - night suzie follow Kelly past the pool , which be all lit~up , and on toward the jacuzzi . the whole deck be tile in black - and -white . Kelly 's in a bikini -- the killer body . suzie , the contrast -- pale , skinny , boyish , in a T-shirt and cutoff jeans . they argue -- we cannot hear . ext . the BAY - same Ray have arrive near the dock . he have kill he engine , maneuver here with a single oar . he tie the skiff off behind the Jonathan , then climb to the dock , move around the guest house and come close to the pool . he take a position behind the cabanas , ready he camera . ext . pool area - same Kelly and suzie continue they argument in front of the jacuzzi . kelly I can not believe you call Sam . what 's the matter with you ? suzie I be scared , that 's what . I be scared there 's no one to trust . kelly you can trust I . a cordless phone ring on the patio chair . Kelly and suzie be startle by it . Kelly answer . int . sam' bungalow - night the bedside lamp be on . Sam be on the phone . SAM Kelly . be suzie there ? kelly ( v.o. ) yes . SAM shit . I be afraid of that . she leave this garble message on my machine . ( beat ) can you calm she down ? kelly ( v.0 . ) why can not you come ... SAM no! Christ . listen , Kelly , I be count on you . you calm she down . I mean do whatever you have to , whatever it take ... kelly ( v.o. ) you know what it take . SAM then do it . I need you on this Kelly . do it tonight . we will figure something out ... okay ? ext . jacuzzi - night Kelly glance across the steamy water at suzie . kelly yeah , right . can you at least talk to she , on the phone ? not . sam' bungalow - same Sam lie on he bed , wait for suzie 's voice on the line . suzie ( v.o. ) Sam ... SAM put Kelly on too . ext . jacuzzi - same the girl stand cheek - to- cheek , the phone between they . kelly I be here . int . sam' bungalow - same SAM okay . I want you to hear this too . we have get to be cool . all of we . people think I be rich , for Christ 's sake . I be do what rich guy do . ( beat ) I be spend my money . it 's more suspicious if I sit around do nothing . now do not let this cop fuck with you mind . ext . cabanas - night Ray tape the scene . the girl still hold the phone . suzie but I .. SAM ( v.0 . ) shut up . do not fall apart . the only people who can blow this be we . remember ? kelly right . suzie say nothing . Kelly nudge she . suzie yeah , right . SAM ( v.0 . ) good . just keep tell yourselves that , the only people who can fuck this up be we . the line go dead . Kelly hang up . suzie stare into the jacuzzi . suzie you be gonna fuck I over , be not you ? kelly oh , for Christ 's sake . suzie you be . kelly be you retarded , or just brain dead from whiffin ' fume out there in the swamp ... suzie 's face go hard . suzie that 's what I be to you , be not it ? swamp trash . it 's what I be to everybody , just like my mom ... Kelly try to put a arm around she . suzie slap she -- a mistake -- Kelly 's bigger , faster . she slap the side of suzie 's head , then grab she leg , dump she on the tile deck . on ray focus the camera . suzie try to kick Kelly . something change in Kelly , a scary , calm rage . kelly stupid bitch . she very methodically grab suzie 's hair , drag she into the jacuzzi , hold she under the hot water . suzie thrashes , break free , gag , arch out of the water , the wet T-shirt cling to she small breast . Kelly be on she again , slap she , put she hand to suzie 's throat -- violently sexual in she wet bikini . Kelly slam suzie back onto the black - and - white tile , get on top of she , knee between suzie 's leg , she hand on she throat . suzie 's skinny shape writhes underneath Kelly on the gleam tile . she gasp for air . Kelly finally let go , but remain on she knee between suzie 's leg , breathe hard . a moment . Kelly touch suzie 's face . kelly why do you make I hurt you ? it 's like you want it or something . suzie sob , take Kelly 's hand . kelly ( cont 'd ) God , you be scared , be not you ? suzie run she lip over Kelly 's finger , then push she T-shirt up , push Kelly 's hand onto she breast . kelly ( cont 'd ) and this be go to make you feel better , make you trust I ... suzie nod , tear she T-shirt , get both of Kelly 's hand onto she breast , then push at Kelly 's wrist , get she to pull at she nipple , hard ... Kelly oblige ... suzie cry out in pain . Kelly 's hand move down to pull off suzie 's bottom ... on ray still at it with the video , he face impassive , watch . as Kelly pull suzie back into the jacuzzi , as the girl ' hand slide round the curve of each other 's hip , pull themselves to each other , as the layer of steam rise to envelope they ... CUT to : videotape Kelly and suzie make love in the jacuzzi . pull back to reveal -- int . police room - day gloria , Ray , Hunter watch the tape . Hunter 's see enough . he slam the stop / tape . hunter be you crazy , Ray ? ray you hear Kelly say " Sam . " that be lombardo on the phone . and you see the girl ... hunter Ray . the conversation on this tape be totally unintelligible . ( beat ) what we have here , be you on the Van Ryan property , without a proper warrant , shoot a porn flick ... ray I do not believe I be hearing this . a month ago you be pull this two apart at the courthouse . ( beat ) they be act . they be all act , from the beginning . and we buy it , hook , line and sinker ... and now they be home free with six million of Sandra Van Ryan 's money . gloria which she might have save , if she have not set out to destroy the man 's life . ray ( turn now on gloria ) what ? you would not go after some guy you think rape you daughter ? ( beat ) Cone on . she buy the same story we do ... Ray stop as Hunter bring the palm of he hand down on the table a loud slap . hunter listen , both of you . you be not on a case . there be no fuck case . ( beat ) I have have it up to here with Sandra Van Ryan . Ray , you keep muck around like this and you be go to have she suing we for invasion of privacy . get out of this people 's life . ( beat ) be I get through on this ? Ray walk to the door , jerk it open -- int . corridor - day Sam , angry , sit in the corridor with a uniform officer . Hunter see Sam , roll he eye . hunter oh , Ray ... no ... ray you think this be just about money , about we look foolish ? question he . you be gonna find a stone cold manipulative psychopath . and that girl be go to wind up dead ... Sam lunge at Ray . the officer and Hunter restrain he . gloria look on , take aback by Ray 's accusation , Sam 's response . hunter Mr. lombardo , please . I be sorry about this . SAM give this idiot something to do . let he look into the Kennedy assassination . Ray flare , grab Sam , shove he against the wall , before they can be separate once again . SAM ( ccnt 'd ) ( to Hunter ) next time this guy drag I down here , I will sue you . you be goddamn lucky I do not sue you the first time ! Sam storm from the room , follow by Hunter . Ray stare after they , finally he turn , look at gloria , collect himself . ray guess I kind of lose it there . gloria you could say that . ray be you ever in a situation where you could see a thing come and you do not do what you could to stop it ? gloria study Ray , clearly concerned . gloria we all have ... ray I mean something bad , gloria , something bad you see cone , and you do not do anything , and then it happen . ( off gloria 's silence ) I do that once . I do not want to do it again . ext . mall entrance - late afternoon Sam exxt a building , a large package of wrap goods beneath he arm . he look toward the parking lot where -- Barbara baxter stand beside the red mercede . she tip a valet then start toward the mall . she see San . they eye meet . a moment of hesitation , as neither be quite sure what to say . SAM you look pretty . barbara thanks . Sam smile . she point to the stuff beneath he arm . barbara ( cont 'd ) quite a shopping spree ... she 's kid , then seem to consider how Sam might take it . barbara ( cont 'd ) I do not mean ... Sam laugh it off . SAM hey , I have get it , I may as well spend it , right ? I have always want to live where I could dive for my dinner . barbara and where might that be ? SAM I be think , Antigua , maybe . barbara I love Antigua . ( beat ) maybe I will come visit you . SAM I would like that . a moment , she touch he face . Sam raise a hand to cover hers , as ... ... in b.g. , a black range rover -- just the roof visible above the top of the other car , cruise the lot . int . range rover - kelly van ryan seat at the wheel , park , stare toward the mall entrance . angle on entrance - kelly Pov Sam and Barbara stand in the orange light , hand - in-hand . Barbara lean forward , kiss Sam on the lip . close on kelly lose in think , when she be startle by a sudden cacophony of engine noise . she turn to find ... suzie 's bug , spluttering and belching smoke , park next to she . suzie open the door of the Rover , jump in . she 's wear a black ball cap , armed with a huge straw bag . as she settles in the seat , she let out a long breath . Kelly make a face , fan the air . kelly Jesus . what be you drink ? suzie laugh , pull a bottle of mad Dog 20 / 20 from the bag . kelly ( cont 'd ) ( look at the bottle ) anybody ever tell you that stuff will rot you brain ? suzie what brain ? suzie take a big drink . Kelly shake she head , look back toward the entrance . angle on entrance - kelly Pov empty . Sam and Barbara be go . Kelly continue to stare . suzie what be you look at ? kelly ( start the car ) nothing . ext . the beach - night the Atlantic roll before a long stretch of empty sand as the last red light drain from the sky . the Range Rover come down onto the sand , park . int . / ext . range rover - same Kelly turn off the engine . suzie toke on a joint , swill the md 20/ 20 . she gaze upon the sea , eye at half - mast . suzie I think we be goin ' to a movie . kelly I think we just need to get waste . suzie shrug , get out . Kelly get out with she . suzie stagger . Kelly circle she with a arm , look nervously around , begin lead she down the beach . suzie I wanna live at the beach someday . kelly shit . she stop walk . suzie take a few more step then turn to look at she . kelly ( cont 'd ) I leave the key . I will get them . suzie plop down on the sand , drink from the bottle . she watch Kelly fade into the darkness , mumble something beneath she breath , then lie on she back . suzie' Pov - the night sky the SOUND of crashing wave . she roll to one side , look down the beach murky blackness . she try to focus , sit up . suzie Kelly ? she stand -- wobbly -- peer down the beach . a shape emerge in the blackness , move toward she . suzie ( cont 'd ) Kelly ? the shape get closer and closer , until ... Sam lombardo step up to loom over suzie . she take a step back . Sam put a hand on she shoulder . he carry something in he other hand -- hard to see on the dark beach . SAM suzie , it 's okay . it 's I . suzie steady herself . a face appear behind Sam -- Kelly . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be worried about you , suzie . I decide we should all get together , one more time , before we split up . suzie be you mad at I ? SAM no , no . look , I probably should have tell you a little more , about the part I intend to play . ( beat ) we will go through it all again tonight . Sam take the bottle from suzie , look at it . SAM ( cont 'd ) this be a celebration suzie , not a suicide pact . he lift the object in he other hand -- a champagne battle . SAM ( cont 'd ) we will chill out first , have a drink , watch the star . suzie nod . SAM ( cont 'd ) Kelly , there 's a beach blanket in the Jeep . could you get it for we ? Kelly nod , start back , look once over she shoulder as ... Sam lead suzie toward a huge rock formation . SAM ( cont 'd ) let I tell you about this boat I pick out for we ... they move out of sight . Kelly continue to walk , back along the sand toward the car . insert - a scream a sicken hollow thwack -- a arc of blood and two tooth fall silently on dark stone . Kelly begin to run , stumbling through the sand to Sam 's Jeep , where she pull a big roll of clear plastic from behind the seat . she stuff it under she arm , then run back along the beach . as she run , she can hear they -- more thwacks , moan -- it seem like forever Sam appaar before she on the sand . the champagne bottle swing loosely at the end of one arm . it look shiny now , drip with suzie 's blood . Kelly go to he . she look at the bottle , then throw herself against he -- a hard kiss . SAM I be sorry , Kelly . I be sorry it have to happen like this . she be lose it ... kelly ( breathless ) there be no way . that cop would have get she to tell he ... everything . she be weak and dumb ... she kiss he again , she hand move over he body . Sam take a step back , look into Kelly 's face -- the parte lip , sultry eye -- as if see she for the first time -- a long beat -- at which point he turn , heaving the champagne bottle as far as he can into the black wave . ext . range rover on the saud - later rear hatch open -- overhead light on . Sam and Kelly drag suzie 's body -- wrap in the plastic -- to the rear hatch . as they heft she inside , the light catch -- suzie' face a mask of blood . Kelly turn away in disgust . she go to the passenger side door , get in . Sam get in behind the wheel . for a moment the two of they just sit there , in the darkness , with the SOUND of the sea , and they own breathing . Sam look at Kelly . she be focus on the dark Atlantic . SAM be you okay ? Kelly turn to he -- a anxious face . kelly ( a long beat ) my mom would kill I if she know I take the Rover . ext . everglade - night Kelly wait by the Rover , swatting mosquito . slosh sound -- a shape approach in the dark -- Sam in wader , muddy , tired , carry a shovel . ext . galleria parking lot - night almost empty of car . the Range Rover cruise past suzie 's vw , circle , come back . Sam jump out , pull on latex glove , get into the vw and back it out . ext . bus terminal ( miami ) - day almost dawn . a long parking lot front the terminal . suzie 's vw arrive , park , Sam get out . he go to the wait Range Rover , get in and drive away . ext . front gate - van ryan estate - day a thin stream of muddy water flow beneath the gate , down the drive , toward the street . a hand touch the water . pull back to reveal the hand as that of Ray duquette . ext . van ryan driveway - same Ray kneel , finger wriggle in the water , then straighten , look toward the house where ... on the other side of the gate , Kelly , in a tube - top and tight short , wash mud from the Range Rover . she look up , see ... Ray , drying he hand on a handkerchief , walk up the drive , arrive at the wrought- iron gate . ray be four - wheelin' ? Kelly freeze -- not so cool this time . kelly get off my property . ray I be not on you property ! he grab the wrought-iron gate -- rattles it -- harder and harder . Kelly back away , frighten . ext . smilin ' jack fish camp - day gloria and Ray stand in front of the ramshackle wooden building , talk to Ruby . walter sit nearby , sharpen a knife . ray you say she do not come back last night . ruby she 's be sayin ' she be go to go to l.a . but I do not know . I mean all she clothes be still here . a ' she 's missin ' she graduation . ( a long beat ) she should graduate . she 's a smart girl ... Ray nod . he make a note in he pad . ray May have be she just party too much ... but we will look into it . we find something , you will be the first to know . Ray turn and walk to the car . gloria follow . int . car - same Ray sit for a moment behind the wheel . ray it 's start , gloria . this be how it begin ... gloria Ray . we do not know anything yet . she could be anywhere ... Ray silence she with a look . ray I be gonna take you back to the office . will you put out a call on suzie 's car for I ? gloria you have someplace to be ? Ray start the car , do not answer . gloria ( cont 'd ) if you want company ... ray just check out the car . gloria nod . she look toward the camp store where the old lady can still be see stand on the porch , beneath the jawbone . ext . blue BAY school - day cap and gowns -- kid and parent on the lawn -- take photo . Kelly pose with Sandra . Tom baxter aim the camera . baxter smile . Kelly and Sandra force miserable smile . click . baxter ( cont 'd ) that 's one for the scrapbook . baxter move away , greet Nicole and she parent . Kelly put some room between she and Sandra . kelly you do not have to fly back -- from -- wherever , for I ... sandra I be here to congratulate my friend and they child . I be leave again tonight . kelly do not bother . I be take a trip . sandra where , the mall ? kelly a friend of mine buy a boat . Sandra shake she head , walk off . Kelly turn away , freeze , as she catch sight of -- Ray talk with Jimmy . ext . the beach - day Ray and Jimmy walk along the sand , move in the direction of the big rock . Jimmy wear sagger short , a surfer T-shirt . Ray wear a suit . he carry the coat over he shoulder . jimmy it 's that rock , up there . ray you and suzie use to come out here together ? jimmy yeah , sometimes . lot of the kid hang out here . ( beat ) you really think something bad happen to suzie ? ray ( ignore the question ) lombardo ever come out here ? Jimmy look at he , surprised , see that Ray be serious . still , the idea generate a laugh . ray ( cont 'd ) I say something funny ? jimmy no. but I mean ... just the idea that Mr. lombardo would ... ray Way I hear it , he be pretty tight with the kid , one of the guy ... jimmy yeah , but ... he break off as Ray kneel over a big flat rock . Ray brushes away some sand , drape the sport coat over he arm , take tweezers and latex glove from the pocket . Jimmy move closer , curious , see what Ray see . close on glove hand as tweezers pick up two tooth from a crevice in the stone . Ray straighten , hold the tooth in the palm of he hand . Jimmy stare at the tooth . Ray take a couple of bill from he pocket , hand they to Jimmy . ray I be go to be stay here , Jimmy . you can catch a bus up there at the lot , okay ? Jimmy look a little sick , but he take the money . he start toward the lot . Ray watch for a moment . then call out to he . ray people be not always what they appear to be , kid . remember it . Jimmy look at he , try to make sense of what Ray be say , clearly disturb by the implication . but he ask no more question . he turn , trudging alone back through the sand . dissolve to : ext . ocean cove - later the teeth go into a plastic bag . pull back to reveal Black - and -white , county car -- police tape across the site . Ray , gloria and Hunter watch as dave merritt , a forensic expert bag the tooth . he pass the bag to Ray , then bend to the rock where he begin to take a blood sample . ray lonbardo and Kelly kill she here . Hunter and gloria exchange a look . gloria two kid could have get into a fight , lose a couple of tooth . ray that be suzie toller 's tooth . gloria where 's the body ? ray the swamp , most likely ... lombardo 's a swamp rat , know the body will never be find there . but he 's make a mistake . he hold up the evidence bag contain the tooth . gloria her grandmother say she would be threaten to run away . and I find the car at the Miami bus terminal . ray you do not think Sam could have put it there ? hunter Dust it for print . my guess be , if anybody murder suzie it be probably that little sociopath Kelly Van Ryan . Ray shake he head ; he turn to Dave , still work . ray how soon can we get something ? dave we can get blood type right away . Dental record will take longer . you want DNA , that can take week . Ray nod , look out to sea . ray ( cont 'd ) poor dumb suzie , she never have a chance . gloria we do not know that , Ray ... Ray turn to she -- a intense look . ray Kelly 's next , gloria . hunter ( ice cold ) get off this Ray , now . ( beat ) if there be any evidence here , it 's for homicide . ( turn to Dave ) you get a id , you call I . Dave nod . Hunter stalk off toward he car . Ray turn to gloria . ray will you do I one favor ? gloria Ray , you hear he ... ray what if I be right , gloria ? what if I be right and Hunter 's wrong ? ( beat ) what do you do if you see a bad thing come ? gloria look toward the highway , try to decide . ray ( cont 'd ) stick with I on this gloria . I need you ... gloria and if the tooth be not suzie 's ? you will give this up ? ray if I be wrong about that tooth -- it 's a promise . ext . glade motel - sunset Sam 's Jeep -- a " for sale " sign in the window -- sit in the lot . across the road -- gloria sit in the white Taurus . ext . van ryan estate , MAIN gate - sunset Ray sit in he truck , pick up he cellular , punch in a number . dave ( v.o. ) ( speaker ) merritt , forensics . ray the tooth doin ' any talkin' ? dave ( v.0 . ) Ray . stop call . I tell you the dental record will take time ... ray what about the blood ? dave ( v.0 . ) ( a beat ) could be hers . type match . could be a lot of other people 's too ... ray ( cut he off ) second you get something on that tooth , I want it Ray hang up without wait for a reply . he turn to the Van Ryan house , a orange light slant across its facade . ext . glade motel - night gloria wait in she car . she look toward the motel . Sam 's Jeep be park before one of the bungalow . there be a light on in the room . we can see inside . gloria sigh , pick up a pair of binocular and train they on the room . angle on room - gloria' Pov suitcase and box be stack everywhere . Sam , bare - chest , in khaki slack , move about the room . close on gloria watch Sam , as ... in the room the phone have begin to ring . Sam look at it until it stop , then pick it up and dial a number . Kelly answer . kelly ( v.o. ) hello ? SAM hello . kelly ( v.o. ) God , I have be call you . intercut - kelly / SAM phone conversation Kelly be in the guest house , pace in front of the gun case . kelly I be really serious . that cop , he keep watch I . SAM duquette . forget he ... kelly I can not help it . he give I the creep ... I mean why be suzie so scared of he ? she 's not that way . I think he do something ... SAM yeah , he get she bust for possession ... kelly I do not know ... I think it be something else ... suzie say the bust be bullshit ... SAM and you believe she ? kelly ( a long beat -- a sigh ) I do not know . ( beat ) I want to see you ... SAM Kelly ... relax . take one of you mom 's valium or something . in another week you get on the plane . it 's over . we be rich . kelly but what if they find out ... God , they would put you in the gas chamber ... Sam be about to respond , then look out the window , see ... across the STREET , the white Taurus . SAM so if they be tapping you phone , we be dead . stay in the guest house . skip the graduation party . you will never see duquette . okay ? I love you . kelly ( beat ) okay . I love you too . int . taurus - same - gloria see the light go out in Sam 's room , lower she binocular , sit for a moment , then begin to write something on a pad . she 's still at it when something knock at a fender . she look up , startle , to find ... Sam in the street , still shirtless , he arm and shoulder back - light by the neon light of the glade Motel . SAM be not that against the law , peek into window ? gloria ( a long beat ) suzie toller be miss . Sam let out he breath , shake he head . SAM how long ? gloria she do not cone home last night . we find she car at the bus terminal , but nothing to suggest she buy a ticket . SAM maybe she use another name . gloria Ray think she be murder . Sam shake he head once more . SAM I do not know what to say ... gloria you could tell I where you be last night . Sam stare at she . SAM goddannit ... I do not have to ... he stop himself , calm down . SAM come here . I want you to see something . gloria hesitates , look up at Sam , then put down the phone and open she door . int . glade motel - same Sam and gloria walk among the box and suitcase . gloria look like goodbye . Sam nod . he go to one of he cardboard filing box , pull out a file , hand it to gloria . as she take it , he go to the closet , take a shirt from a hanger . SAM Kelly 's file . read it . you be go to find a angry , sexually confuse girl who 's make threat on she mother 's life and a female lover she would never identify . gloria suzie ? Sam shrug . SAM you be tell I Ray think suzie be kill . I do not have to ask you who he think do it , do I ? ( beat ) all I be say be , read that , you will have a new perspective on thing . gloria sit on the bed , the file in she hand . she watch as Sam pull on the shirt . gloria why do not you tell we about this before the trial ? Sam hold she eye . SAM then -- I still have ethical standard to protect . they mean a lot to I . now , I do not care . and no amount of money can buy that back . Sam be interrupt by the honking of a horn . he look outside . angle on lot - sam' Pov a taxi wait in the glow of the green neon . Sam look down on gloria , seat on he bed , she skirt short enough to reveal shapely leg . for a moment the two hold one another 's eye . SAM ( cont 'd ) my ride . if you be not plan on arrest I , that be . int . ray' truck - night - later the phone ring . Ray pick it up . ray Ray . what 's happen ? intercut - ray / gloria phone conversation she 's still in Sam 's room , the file spread across the bed . gloria I be tired , Ray . I be go home . ray where 's lombardo ? gloria he 's leave the country . and I do not give a shit . ray the blood type on the rock match suzie 's . gloria it 's homicide 's job now , Ray , let them do it . I will tell you something else , there 's more to this story than you know , Ray ... if suzie be dead , I think Hunter may be on the right track ... Ray click off he phone . gloria ( cont 'd ) Ray ? ( nothing but dial tone ) shit. Ray . ext . van ryan estate , front gate - night Ray get out of he car , press the intercom . sandra ( v.o. ) ( intercom ) who be it ? ray ( into intercom ) detective duquette , Ms. Van Ryan . let I in . now . ext . pool &amp ; jacuzzi - night Ray cross the deck , Sandra at he heel . ray where be she ? sandra where she life . in the guest house . now will you tell I what this be about ? ray I be place you daughter under arrest . sandra you can not ... ray ( turn , cut she off ) suzie toller be dead . you do not want Kelly to be next , then take my advice . stay out of my way . int . guest house - same a cap and gown lay strewn on the sofa . Kelly wear jeans and a bra . she look up to see Ray move across the tile . her eye go wide , then move to the gun case . ext . guest house - same Sandra stand near the jacuzzi , not exactly sure what to do , watch as ... angle on guest house - sandra's Pov Ray knock at the french door . it swing open . he step inside . a long moment , then voi ? es , the SOUND of thing be knock about , breaking glass . Sandra start toward the house then stop at the SOUND of a single gunshot . a second gunshot follow , then a third . the guest house door open . Ray stumble out , he shoulder bloody , a .357 in he hand . fade to : videotape - ray' statement we see he from the waist up -- a white T-shirt , he shoulder bandage , he arm in a sling . there be red scratch mark on he face . his eye look blankly into the camera . ray I fuck up . I lose control of the situation , the one thing they train you for ... God , what do I do ? hunter ( 0.s. ) just tell we what happen . ray I tell Kelly Van Ryan she be under arrest for conspiracy and murder . I do she rights . intercut -- ext . caribbean beach resort - long shot - day perfect crescent of sand . a man in white short recline in a beach chair , beneath a gaily - color umbrella , sip a drink . videotape - ray ray Kelly go crazy , start scream . I grab she , put she on the floor . ext . beach resort - closer shot - day Sam , in white short , look good , watch a beautiful island girl in a thong bikini frolic in the surf . she seem to sense Sam watch , turn toward the beach . her eye meet Sam 's . she break into a beautiful smile . videotape - ray hunter ( o.s. ) she bit you ? ray bit , scratch . but I have she pin . she calm down . I be go to cuff she ... she say she think she be go to be sick . she ask to use the bathroom . ext . beach resort - day Sam and the island girl sit at a outdoor table . the girl wear a short , terry cloth robe , Sam the white short and a flower shirt . they sip drink . they eye meet . they finger touch . videotape - ray ray I tell she I be come with she . she nodd , like she understand . we stand up together . hunter ( o.s. ) you do not cuff she ? ray she look shaky , but lucid . I think , I would just go with she , stand at the door ... ( shaking he head ) I think I look away . a split second . then , bingo . just like that . she put a knee into my groin . ( beat ) there be this coffee table between we and the wall . she get one foot on that thing and launch herself at the gun case . thing have a glass door . I could hear it break . ( beat ) I do not go down , but she slowed I up , just enough . before I could get to she , she would turn on I with this small caliber handgun . I yell at she to put it down . she get off a shot . I take it in the shoulder . I ... I have no choice . I return fire . two round , I think . in the chest . int . police room - same a moment of silence , save for the buz of the machine . a number of plainclothes police , Hunter and gloria among they , watch the tape . ray I go there to protect she ... he hang he head , then look up , he eye focus . ray ( cont 'd ) the tooth , be they ... hunter ( 0.s. ) suzie toller 's . and that 's the only thing save you sorry ass . ext . boat harbor ( caribbean island ) - day brilliant sun on turquoise water . a few boat anchore in a lagoon . a quiet place . head out -- a forty - foot sloop , Sam at the helm . int . hearing room - day gloria , baxter , a tearful Sandra , sit in seat , watch as -- Ray stand before a panel , a suit , a chief in uniform , Hunter . Ray wear a suit , he hair neatly trim . his arm be no longer in a sling , but one of he hand be still bandage . chief detective duquette ; we investigation conclude that this be a good shoot . but that 's irrelevant . you be not assign to this case -- whatever you imagine this case to be . and now two young woman be dead . you be terminate with forfeiture of pension and benefit . Ray look at the floor . Hunter cough . his hand rest on a file -- we see the video cassette inside -- label " toller / van ryan -- confidential . " hunter suzie toller 's tooth and blood be find near the area know as stoner rock . suzie 's blood be find in the Van Ryan Range Rover . this , in conjunction with evidence obtain by detective duquette and Perez have lead this office to the conclusion that Susan Marie toller be murder by Kelly lanier Van Ryan ... Sandra choke back a sob . she get to she foot , to be lead from the room by Tom baxter . gloria Perez watch , a sad look in she eye , then turn to look at Ray . his back be to she -- the broad shoulder , expensive suit . his hand be clasped behind he back . dissolve to : ext . blue BAY cemetery - kelly funeral - day gloria stand among a considerable number of mourner . she be just back from Sandra and Tom baxter , who , in turn , be just back from the open grave . as gloria watch , Sandra look off to the side , where something catch she eye . gloria see she start , then follow she gaze . angle on cemetery - gloria' Pov on a rise some fifty yard from the Van Ryan plot , two people stand near a old oak -- Ruby and walter . when gloria look back at Sandra , it seem to she as if the woman have slump against Tom baxter , who now stare at the two people on the rise as if , by do so with sufficient intensity , he might make they disappear . gloria turn to the grave site , she eye linger on the open grave , then move to the huge marker which dominate the Van Ryan family plot and , in fact , the entire scene . angle cn marker the angel Gabriel , trumpet in hand , carve in relief upon a huge obelisk of black marble . beneath the angel be a carve scroll and upon it the word : " I am the resurrection and the life , " and below that : " william tecumseh van ryan . may he rest in peace . " dissolve to : ext . a beach - night Sam lombardo walk along a moonlit lagoon , head toward a lone bungalow . the bungalow be simple , picturesque -- whitewash wall , a thatched roof . a patio open onto the beach . ext . patio - same as Sam step in off the sand , he see something and stop short . wet spot lead toward the bungalow . Sam listen . everything be quiet . int . bungalow - same Sam enter in a room light only by the blue light of a large aquarium . he listen once more , hear it -- running water . he move down a short hallway , observe the light which spill from beneath a bedroom door . he push it open , go inside . int . bedroom - same he cross the room . the bathroom door be ajar , the room leak steam . int . bathroom - same Sam step inside , look at the shower stall -- a indistinct shape move there in the steam . San watch , then jerk open the shower door . the steam clear -- revealing a tall , athletic body , and now the face -- Ray duquette , grin at Sam out of the swirl steam . ray buy you a drink ? San take a step back . SAM Jesus . I be not expect you ' till tomorrow . Ray turn off the water , step out of the stall , wrapping himself in a towel . there 's a fresh , raise scar across one shoulder and Ray wince a little as he tuck the towel about he waist . he look at himself in the mirror , touch the scar . ray Nice girlfriend you have there . Sam just look at he . SAM yeah , well , you fix that . ( beat ) what the hell happen , anyway ? ray the bitch shot I , be what happen . Sam shake he head , walk back into the bedroom . Ray follow . ray ( ccnt 'd ) hey , what do you want I to do , die ? SAM well , shit , you be the cop , they do not teach you to disarm people , shoot they in the leg or something ? you be not suppose to kill she for Christ 's sake . now Ray just look at Sam , he eye narrowing . ray do you become squeamish about this thing before or after you bludgeon little suzie toller to death with a wine bottle ? ( off Sam 's silence ) Jesus , man . it could not have work out better . they be convinced Kelly whacked suzie . I can not talk them out of it . ( beat ) we should be celebrate . this thing work out just like you say , only better . SAM Kelly be suppose to be frame , not kill . ( beat ) what I be tell you be , I do not like surprise . Ray walk to a dresser where a bottle of champagne sit in a bucket of ice . he open the bottle , fill two glass . he hand one of the glass to Sam . ray every cloud have a silver lining , partner . here 's to no loose end . he raise he glass in a toast . Sam look at it , then raise he glass as well . Ray smile . Sam do not . SAM here 's to no more surprise . Ray shrug . the two men' eye meet . they touch glass and drink . ext . SMALL boat harbor ( island ) - day Sam and Ray work on the deck of Sam 's sloop , stow gear , load supplies . the boat 's mast shine in the sunlight before a brilliant sky . palm sway . the man work in silence . ext . smilin ' jack fish camp - day gloria drive up in the white Taurus . she park before the ramshackle old building and the gator pen . walter be in the pen . Ruby stand just outside of it . she look toward the road as gloria get out , then back to the pen . gloria come down the bank to stand beside Ruby . she 's just in time to see the huge old reptile raise itself , hiss , on its front leg , jaw sprung wide . the woman watch as walter stick he arm into the gator 's mouth . ruby gator can not see what 's in front of it for shit . they see out the side . ( beat ) that one do not even know walter 's arm 's in he mouth . gloria what if something distract it and it snap anyway ? ruby then I guess walter can kiss that arm of he goodbye . ( loud enough for walter to hear ) he do not use it for no good deed anyway . walter look at the lady , pick up the stick and sweep it between the gape jaw , which snap in its wake . ruby ( cont 'd ) you come all the way out here to watch walter ? gloria I be wonder if I could ask you a few question . ruby about suzie ? gloria actually , I be wonder if I might ask you about Ray duquette . ruby ( a long beat ) he use to come around here . he have a thing go with one of the girl over at the glade . Ruby nod toward the motel , a bitter smile on she face . ruby ( cont 'd ) get sort of hang up on she , from what hear . gloria she still work there ? ruby no . not after that night . ( a long beat ) I do not know what happen . maybe he catch she with some john ... all I know be , the next morning the girl be go and there be a dead boy ... indian kid name davy . use to live down the road there in a wreck car . him and suzie be at the glade that night . ( beat ) it be right after that , Ray get suzie bust and send she away . that 's what there be to say about Ray duquette . gloria be there ever any kind of investigation ... Ruby cut she off with a short laugh . ruby duquette always claim the kid be dust , come after he with a knife . but it be Jack 's Fish Camp ... this could be the moon for all most people care . ( a long beat ) be not suppose to be like that though . this place be suppose to be something once . there be go to be road and house . there be go to be a town . they be go to call it Salt Creek . ext . ocean - day from the surface of the sea -- the emerald island in the distance . the bow of the sloop come into frame . on board -- Sam stand in the cockpit , at the helm . Ray lounge on the deck . the boat sail easily before the wind . SAM Ray ... you see that winch by you head ? take a couple of turn on it for I , she 's luffing . Ray crane he neck to look at the winch . ray you mean this thing ? SAM yes , we call it a winch . ( point at piece of the rigging ) and this be shroud , and this be stay . ray I think this be suppose to be a vacation . why do not you buy a nice big power boat ? SAM come on , man . I will make a sailor out of you yet . ray yeah , or get I drown . Ray kneel . he begin to tighten the winch . Sam watch he for a moment , then reach around behind he back to unhook the short line which hold the boom . the mainsail catch wind , swinging the boom in a wide arc , directly at Ray . Ray look up , see it come just in time to catch it on he arm . the blow be enough to send he sprawling through the lifeline , where he just manage to grab one of the nylon cord . Sam duck as the boon continue to swing erratically above the deck , watch as Ray haul himself on board . the boat no longer drive by the wind , bob up and down on a small ground swell . the two man face each other . SAM Jesus , man ... you okay ? ray that how you plan it ? you take cut suzie , get I to hang it on Kelly , then dump I in the ocean ... SAM come off it , man ... it be a accident . Ray nod , then reach down , pull off the winch handle and start with it toward Sam . Sam look around . he jerk open a storage compartment . a diver 's weight belt tumble out . Sam grab it , swing it over he head in circle , let the weight pick up momentum , prepare to throw . Ray crouch , still brandish the winch handle . the boom sweep the deck . Sam throw the belt . Ray grab a shroud , dance out of the way , then steady himself , a mean grin spread across he face . there 's no tine for Sam to look for anything else . Ray move quickly across the deck -- a menace sight -- tall , well - muscle , the handle gleam in he hand . Sam pull himself out of the cockpit . Ray jump in . but that 's as far as he get . whoosh -- a spear pierce Ray 's thigh . he scream , go down , the handle skitter across the deck . Ray follow it with he eye , reach out , then freezing as he see something else . he draw in he hand as if bitten . ray you ... you be ... he scuttle backward , pull himself onto the deck , clutching at he leg which squirt blood as if a artery have be severe . but he eye never leave the hatchway lead belowdeck . ray ( cont 'd ) you be dead ... for godsake ... the boat heel over . the spear in Ray 's thigh bang against the edge of the cockpit . he grimace in pain as ... suzie toller step up from belowdeck . she 's wear a bikini and show a nice tan . she 's carry Sam 's new spear gun , a fresh spear at the ready . suzie rumor of my demise have be greatly exaggerated . ( to Sam ) Nice move . good thing I be here to save you incompetent ass . Sam secure the boom . Ray stare at suzie , he face twisted with some combination of pain , rage and fear . ray you ... I should have kill you myself . should never have leave it up to he ... suzie shoulda , coulda , woulda ... ( to Sam ) get he in the water . San start for Ray . ray Sam , for Christ 's sake ... Sam 's foot slide in the bloody smear . he stop . Ray cling to a safety line . SAM I can not . whoosh -- a second spear penetrate Ray 's shoulder . he lose he grip . the boat heel over , dump Ray into the water . suzie put down she spear gun . she go to a storage locker , take out a bait bucket . she step up on the deck . Ray be float not far from the boat , the water go red around he . he call out ... ray Sam , for godsake . suzie hey , Ray . guess whose name be on the numbered bank account besides yours and Sam 's ? she raise the bucket , heave bloody chum into the water . suzie ( cont 'd ) I like this joint survivorship account . something unfortunate happen to one of the signatory , the other do not have to worry . be you worry , Ray ? she heave more chum -- a big red slurp across Ray 's face . Ray gasp , go under , thrashing around in the red slick . suzie ( cont 'd ) Men , use them abuse them lose them . insert - shark from underwater , in a frenzy , rip a human body into a bloody cloud . ext . sailboat - later suzie cone up from below with a champagne bottle and glass , already fill . suzie feeling better ? Sam gaze out to sea . SAM that be about as grim as it get . suzie the guy be history when he kill Kelly . you know that . SAM but then you know what he be like all along ... maybe he kill Kelly be a thing you have count on ... suzie but then it be better this way , do not you think ? no loose end . Sam just look at she . suzie ( cont 'd ) what ? SAM that be the same thing Ray say . suzie smile -- show the big gap where she two front tooth use to be . suzie poor Ray . ( a beat ) come on Sam , we do it . we put the screw to the Van ryan . we win . she hand a glass to Sam , take the other . he put it to he lip , suddenly hesitates , think , sniff the glass . a moment . suzie shake she head . suzie ( cont 'd ) talk about paranoid . now be you gonna teach I to sail this big old boat or not ? Sam downs he drink . SAM okay . grab that winch there . suzie give he a pouty look . SAM ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? suzie fuck the winch . I wanna drive . Sam sigh . SAM okay . come here and take the helm . I will get the winch . suzie give he she best , gap - toothe smile , then come forward to take the gleam chrome wheel , as Sam scramble up on deck , kneel where Ray have kneele before he to set the jib . suzie watch -- a long beat , then , slowly reach behind she , unhook the line which hold the boom ... angle on boom sweeping the deck -- come right at we , blotting out the sky . ext . smiling jack be - suzie' room - day gloria sit on suzie 's bed , book spread out around she . Ruby stand beside she . ruby you ask if suzie know about the Salt Creek land deal ? girl read every book she could find on it , the Van ryan too . Ruby take a photo album from among the book , open it , toss a photograph on the bed . it be one we have see before . angle on photo a stately old gentleman in a three - piece suit . White hair , a white handlebar mustache . a derby on he knee , a walk stick at he side . he stare out at the world from a high - back wicker chair , flanke by pot palm and two small terrier . across the bottom of the picture be the name -- " william tecumseh van ryan . " and beside that , in another hand -- " dear old dad . " ruby be not enough Van Ryan have to destroy the people who invest here . he get to be old , he and he rich croney would come down here , hunt and whore , act like asshole . one trip he show up with this young girl he would pick up somewhere , get she pregnant then dumped she in the swamp . ( indicate the photo ) that come with she . gloria and the child ... ruby she have it , before she drank herself to death . be not exactly a love child ... gloria suzie. ( beat ) then you be not she grandmother ... ruby raise she like she be , but no , walter 's my only child . ( beat ) he be a good boy , till the army take he . gloria look once more at the old photograph . gloria so suzie and Sandra Van Ryan be half - sister . ruby and the other girl , Kelly . suzie 's niece . gloria stand , a little weary . Ruby walk she from the room . gloria thank you for talk to I , Ruby . I be sorry about suzie , she ... they have get to the main room and gloria stop short , notice for the first time that the beat - up old black - and - white tv have be replace by a high - tech , giant - screen television . ruby you okay ? gloria I be fine . Nice tv . the old lady nod , walk she outside . ext . smilin ' jack fish camp - day the dusty road , the little dock , the gator pen . ruby there 's a old say from the everglade -- virtue may be miss but sin can not hide . ( a long beat ) folk pay in the end . gloria nod . she be distract by a movement in the gator pen . close on pen for a moment there be nothing more than a few ripple across the surface of the pond which lie inside the pen , then , slowly , the gator' eye -- cold , reptilian , unblink , rise up to gaze across the oily water . hard CUT to : black . credit ... for about ten second , enough to fool the audience , then ... intercut - like outtake ... ... piece of scene we couldn't see , or scene we didn't see at all , in reverse chronological order . int . guest house - night Kelly be frantically try to unlock the gun case as Ray come through the french door . she can not get it do . he 's there in a instant . she scream , back away , then watch as Ray stop , wrap a hanky around he hand and break the glass . he take out a small caliber handgun , check the clip , aim the gun at he own shoulder and fire . black -- more credit -- then ext . everglade - day a Jeep and a truck park in the mud . Sam and Ray meet under heavy , moss -drape cypress . Sam hand Ray a plastic bag -- the tooth . SAM you know the place I be talk about -- the big rock ? black -- more credit -- then ext . beach - night SAM &amp ; suzie behind the big rock . he 's get vise - grip plier jamme in she mouth . suzie moan , for real . he loosen he grip . suzie you have get the pressure too tight . you will crush the fuck evidence . Sam take a breath , prepare to try again . suzie pop a couple of pill with gulp of wine . Sam go to it once more . black -- more credit -- then int . sam' house - day Kelly and Sam on the floor , naked . he 's on she from the rear . it 's get wild . he suddenly stop , roll to the floor . SAM we gotta stop . I be gonna come . Kelly laugh , straddle he . kelly that never seem to worry you at the glade . SAM that 's not you line . kelly say you love I . SAM ( a beat ) I love you . now give I the line . kelly ( a whiny voice ) no little girl can ever make I come . black -- more credit -- then ext . the glade motel - night suzie 's vw be park across the street , in the shadow of tall tree . she and Sam sit inside , watch as ... Ray duquette exit a bungalow , a sport coat over he arm . he head for Jim 's recovery room . in another moment , a young hooker in a leather miniskirt walk out of the same bungalow . suzie seem to like some of the same place you do . funny you never meet . SAM yeah , real funny . you be wrong about this , I could get bust on the spot . suzie trust I , the guy 's dirty . he will like it . especially the part about off I . ( beat ) now get out of here . go make yourself a new friend . int . jim' recovery room - night Ray be at the bar . Sam sit down next to he . a moment of silence , the twang of a country juke BOX -- then ... SAM buy you a drink ? black -- more credit -- then znt . sam' office - blue BAY school suzie toller frame in the doorway . she walk in . suzie you like bein ' a caddy for rich kid ' problem ? Sam just look at she . suzie ( cont 'd ) I have see you out there in you old air boat , think about what might have be , old man Van Ryan have not fuck you out of it . ( beat ) what if I tell you I have a way we could get a big piece of it back ? SAM we ? suzie well , I would need the famous lombardo charm , not that you would have to do anything you have not do already . she take a envelope from she notebook , toss it in front of Sam . picture slide onto he desk -- Sam and Kelly -- in various pose of coke - out debauchery at the glade Motel . SAM ( white - face ) how ... suzie walter . he 's be aimin ' that brownie through knothole for year . I see this , I know he would finally strike gold . ( beat ) I can not decide which come out better , that little straw Kelly 's get up she nose , or that vibrator you have get up she ass . what do you think , Mr. lombardo ? SAM ( a long beat ) I think there 's some thing you do , you do not want to see yourself do they . black -- more credit -- then int . jim' recovery room - day Sam lounge in a booth . he look hot , bored . he stir a drink . Kelly walk in out of the light . she be look a little strung out , a big straw bag sling over one shoulder , but oh , so sexy in skimpy cutoff and cowboy boot -- long leg flash as she near Sam 's booth . Sam look up , as ... kelly I be run away . SAM ( a beat ) you think that 's wise ? kelly ( sit next to he ) um-huh . and guess what else ? ( reach into she bag ) I have toy . she take out a snail bag of white powder , tap out a line on the table top . Sam look at it . he look at Kelly . he 's have a few drink . SAM ( a long beat ) well , Z guess one taste would not hurt . end credit . the seal come up . it 's over . they head for the lobby -- but -- ext . smilin ' jack fish camp - late afternoon gloria stand beneath the jawbone , look toward the channel as the shadow lengthen across the dirt road . angle on channel walter hang a " for sale " sign on a small , shabby sloop . gloria cross the road . gloria selling you boat ? walter shoot she a look . walter this be suzie 's boat . guess she will not be needin ' it . gloria I would not have guess suzie be a sailor . walter finish with the sign . walter Old lady have she test once . they say she iq be way up there , round two hundred or some such shit . ( beat ) that girl could do just about anything , she put she mind to it . gloria have nothing to say . she stare at the little sloop bob in the muddy water of the swamp . ext . the caribbean - wide angle - sea level - day a head bob among the groundswells . close - SAM lombardo suck wind through a smashed face , struggle to stay afloat , as ... ... in the distance , the sloop race toward a far horizon . angle on sloop - helicopter shot suzie , at the helm , look good , face to the wind . end ( really )