W I L D a T h E a R T a love story write by David Lynch base on the book by Barry gifford and now the story of sailor and lula ..... 1 . ext . CITY STREET - day a man ride a scream massive japanese motorcycle - wound out to maximum R.P.M. up the street . CUT to : 2 . sign by roadside the sign read '' kide playing - speed bump .. CUT to : 3 . ext . CITY STREET - day with a whine from hell , the front tire of the motorcycle hit a speed bump . the motorcycle become airborne and on the way up slice itself in half as it scrape along the full length of a datsun kingcab . in the air , the rider and motorcycle twist violently as they fly by . the motorcycle bounce off a black '' 66 chevrolet and make a sound like the end of the world . the rider hit the same chevy a moment later . like a break ragdoll shot from a canon , the man punch through the back window blow glass for a block . he stop somewhere under the front seat and a bubble of blood form out he nose . the motorcycle continue on slide and spin with a ear-pierce howl for one entire city block . CUT to : 4 . ext . neighborhood street - vacant lot - day two rabid dog fight ferociously in a vacant lot - rip each otherus flesh . a old couple , both with walker , inch painfully along nearby . old woman oh my God ! ... why they doin’ that ? old man who the hell know . what you have in you mouth ? the old woman begin to turn away , cover she mouth with she hand . old man spit it out !!! ... pull you tooth out ... doctor say . what you tryind to do ? spit it out !!! the Old man grab the Old woman by the neck and squeeze . out come a tangle and sticky ball of hard fruit candy . CUT to : 5 . wasp nest a thousand wasp hover threateningly in the air around the nest . a SMALL group of hardened criminal nine - year old sport hideous grin , bat the nest violently to and for with stick . one kid busy himself shoot a large can of Black flag garden spray into a crack in the nest . another stomp half - dead wasp up and down the sidewalk . all the kid be make animal noise of one sort or the other . CUT to : 6 . int . fortune house - day the telephone ring . marietta pace fortune , a rich Southern woman around fifty , carry she martini and Rossi sweet vermouth drink across the livingroom and answer the phone . marietta hello ... who be this ?... CUT to : 7 . int . pee dee county work farm - day a guard stand by as sailor ripley , twenty - three year old - lose somewhere between the cool long - go generation and a use - car salesman - speak on a prisoner phone in a green cement cubicle with one bench . sailor ( into phone ) ... sailor ripley ... can I talk to lula ? CUT to : 6a . int . fortune house - day marietta there 's no way in hell you can speak to she and ... CUT to : 7a . int . pee dee county work farm - day sailor ( feel a smile come on ) what ?... CUT to : 6b . int . fortune house - day marietta ... yes you hear I ... do n’t ever call back here again . marietta hang up the phone as lula pace fortune , marietta’s twenty - year old daughter , come quickly down the stair . lula mama ??? marietta you know who it be and you know you aren’t , and I mean be not gonna see he ever ... end of story . lula ( quietly ) like hell . marietta , she hand still on the telephone , grip the receiver so hard she knuckle turn white . CUT to : 8 . int . fortune house - lula room upstair - day lula enter she room and crank up she stereo . speed metal music jump up to around one hundred twenty decibel . CUT to : 9 . int . pee dee county work farm - day the guard escort sailor away from the telephone and back to he cell . the iron bar of the door slide across sailorus face and close with a bang . CUT to : 10 . ext . the music bar - night a beat - up , red '' 64 Ford falcon station wagon fill with insane teenager on speed and pcp race out of control down the street past the club - lean out the car in every direction . they scream out to the desolate- look passerby . teenager eat shit motherfuckers !!!!!! the camera crane up to the neon club sign and get lose among the hot pink neon , the frantic moth and the intense electric buzz . CUT to : 11 . int . the music bar - night lula and she friend , beany thorn , sit at a table drink rum coca -colas while watch and listen to a white blue band call the bleach boy . the group segues smoothly from elmore jamesus '' Dust my broom” into Robert johnsonus '' I and the devil” and beany let out a snort . beany I can dig this music ... but not that singer . lula why ?... he 's right in the groove . beany he 's so ugly . guy with beard and beer gut ain’t quite my type . lula ( giggle ) seein how you’re about as thick as a use string of unwax dental floss , do n’t know how you can criticize . beany yeah , well , if he say that all that flab turn into dick at midnight , he 's a liar . lula and beany laugh and swallow some of they drink . beany so , sailorus gettinu out soon , and you’re gonna see he ? lula nod and crush a ice cube with she back tooth and chew it . lula meetin’ he at the gate . that phone call this afternoon be the signal . my derange mamak hide the key to my car . but of course , I know exactly where they be . beany I do n’t hate I so much , I ’d feel better wishin’ you luck . lula can n’t all husband be perfect , and you elmo prob’ly wouldn’ta ever get that second one pregnant , you have n’t kick he ass out . beany so you’re gonna be needin’ the “blue- bird” pretty soon ? lula Real soon ... I ’ll be makin’ the swap tomorrow , and thanks again , beany . the bleach boy kick into some kind of Professor longhair swamp mambo . CUT to : 12 . ext . BAY ST . CLEMENT - day plume of smoke from fire rise in the distance . dissolve to : 13 . int . fortune house - day a empty livingroom . the smoke from the city fire appear during the course of the dissolve to be in the livingroom - then it disappear . a empty hallway . a empty stairway . 13a . int . fortune house - marietta’s bedroom - day foot ( lulaus ) be across carpet . a closet door open . a hand ( lulaus ) reach into the pocket of a coat in she motherus closet . the hand come out clutching car key . 13b . int . fortune house - stairway - day lula race down the stair and through a door into the garage . CUT to : 14 . ext . fortune house - day the electronic garage door open and lula drive she '' 80 Black camaro out and away . the garage door close automatically . CUT to : 15 . ext . CITY street - day lula drive fast up a neighborhood street . she turn a corner and disappear . CUT to : 16 . int . beany thorn’s garage - day lula throw she car key under the front seat and go around to beany’s '' 67 dark blue thunderbird convertible - fish around under the t- bird front seat for the key - find they - jump in and take off . dissolve to : 17 . ext . fortune house - day marietta leave she cadillac Seville in she driveway and enter the house . we can hear she call out for lula in the distance . the call change - it become angry . the garage door open and marietta come storming out . she leap in she caddy and peel out . CUT to : 18 . int . '' southern time '' bar - day marietta enter the bar on the run . she call out to the bartender ... marietta where 's johnnie ? he’s not in he office . bartender have n’t see ’im yet today , marietta . marietta ( slightly hysterical ) well I gotta find he - right this minute ! CUT to : 19 . ext . pee dee county work farm - day sailor be wait out front as lula pull up in she t- Bird - throw out a cloud of dust . they’re both smile . lula hey baby ... sailor peanut ... they kiss tenderly and then sailor walk around the car to get in while lula open up a suitcase and get out he snakeskin jacket . sailor hey , my snakeskin jacket ... thanks , baby ... do I ever tell you that this here jacket for I be a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom ? lula '' Bout fifty thousand time . I get we a room at the cape fear , and guess what ?... I hear powermade at '' the Hurricane . '' sailor ( smile ) stab it and steer . lula tromp it and throw out a even larger cloud of dust . CUT to : 20 . int . cape fear HOTEL - day sailor and lula lay on the bed in the cape fear Hotel listen to the fan creak . lula do you ever think somethin’ like about the wick witch of the east comin’ flyind in ?... do you ever think somethin’ and then later think you’ve say it out loud to someone ? sailor I really do miss you mind while I be out at pee Dee , honey . the rest of you , too , of course . but the way you head work be godus own private mystery . what be it you be thinkin’ ? lula well , I be thinkin’ about smokin’ actually ... my mama smoke marlboros now , use to be she smoke kool ? I steal ’em from she beginnin in about sixth grade . when I get old enough to buy my own , I buy that . now I ’ve just about settle on more , as you probably notice ? they’re longer . sailor I guess I start smokin’ when I be about six ... my mama be already dead from lung cancer ... lula what brand’d she smoke ? sailor camel , same as I ... guess both my mama and my daddy die of smoke or alcohol related illness . lula gee , sailor . I ’m sorry , honey . I never would have guess it . sailor it 's okay . I hardly use to see they anyway . I do n’t have much parental guide . the public defender keep say that at my parole hearin’ . he be a good ol’ boy , stand by I ... even bring I some carton of cigarettes from time to time . lula i’d stand by you , sailor ... through anything . sailor Hell , peanut , you stick with I after I plant Bob Ray lemon . a man can n’t ask for more than that . lula pull sailor over to she and kiss he soft on the mouth . lula you move I , sailor , you really do . you mark I the deep . sailor pull down the sheet , expose lulaus breast . sailor you’re perfect for I , too . lula you remind I of my daddy , you know ? mama tell I he like skinny woman whose breast be just a bit too big for they body . he have a long nose , too , like theirs . do I ever tell you how he die ? sailor in a fire , as I recall . lula start he could n’t remember thing ? get real violent ? mama keep tellin’ I it be on account of lead poisoning from cleanin’ the old paint off we house without usin’ a mask ... but I do n’t know . seem like he brain just fall apart in piece . CUT to : 21 . int . fortune house - kitchen - night clyde fortune tear a door off the kitchen cabinet and strew the cabinet content all across the counter and floor . he put he fist through the kitchen window . he leap on the counter and bat the kitchen ceiling light - smash it . he kick over the refrigerator . clyde fuckin '' bitch !!!! CUT to : 22 . int . cape fear HOTEL - day lulaus eye look off , remember . lula finally in the middle of the one night , with I and mama asleep upstairs ... he pour kerosene over himself and light a match . CUT to : 23 . int . fortune house - livingroom - night clyde fortune , completely engulf in fire , race across and back the livingroom until he collapse in a fifty modern armchair . the drape behind he burst in flame . lula ( voice - over ) near burn down the house . we get out just in time . the whole livingroom go up in flame . CUT to : 24 . int . cape fear HOTEL - day cu the red hot ash of lulaus cigarette as she inhale deeply . as she exhales a cloud of smoke she turn to sailor . lula it be a year before I meet you . sailor take the cigarette out of lulaus hand and put it into the ashtray by she bed . he pull she to he and kiss she throat . sailor you have such a pretty , long neck , like a swan . lula grandmama Pace have a long , smooth white neck . it be like on a statue it be so white ? sailor drift he thumb over lulaus leave nipple then cup she breast in he hand . they kiss . CUT to : 25 . int . fortune house - day marietta pour johnnie farragut another shot of scotch . marietta I know this would happen . soon as that piece of filth get out of pee Dee , I know there’d be trouble . he 's just get some kind of influence over she I can n’t decipher . there 's somethin’ wild in lula I do n’t know where it come from . you gotta find ’em , johnnie . johnnie he serve he time for what he do . another thing ... if lula go with he of she own volition - willingly , that be - there ain’t much can be do about it . marietta do n’t talk down to I , johnnie farragut . I know what volition mean , and that 's why I want sailor ripley off the planet ! he 's pure slime and it 's leakin' all over my baby . maybe you could push he into makin’ some kinda move and then kill he dead . you’d only be defendin’ yourself , and with he record , nobody’d fuss . johnnie pour himself another tumblerful of Walker Black label . johnnie i’ll locate lula , marietta , and if sheus with the ripley boy , I ’ll give he a talkin’ to and try to convince she to come back with I . that 's about all I can do . he take a long swallow from the tumbler . marietta begin to cry . she blubber for a few second , and then stop as abruptly as she’d start . her grey eye glaze over . marietta i’ll hire a hit man if you do n’t want to help I stop this thing . i’ll call marcello Santos . johnnie now , marietta , I be goin to help you . and do n’t be gettinu carry away . you do n’t want to be bringin’ Santos and he people into it . marietta you’re just jealous of Santos cause heus sweet on I . johnnie darlin’ , you ain’t seein’ Santos again , be ya ? marietta oh , johnnie farragut ... do n’t you trust you very own marietta ? johnnie sorry , sweetheart . bein’ in love with you like I be bring out that ugly jealous side . marietta well stop worryin’ about I and start worryin’ about how you’re gonna get that lula back here and away from that murderer . johnnie sailor ain’t a murderer . you get to get off that kick . and fark I can tell , sailor be entire clean prior to that involvine lula . even there he be protectin’ she . you oughta be thankin’ he for that . that Bob Ray lemon they say be comin’ after the both of ’em . why be I tellin’ you this , you be around that night . you ought to know just exactly what happen . sailor just get a little too forceful be all ... you remember that night ... cu of marietta’ eye as she think back . CUT to : 26 . int . BAY ST . CLEMENT HOTEL - ballroom - night we see marietta stand in a carpete hallway above the ballroom . dance band music can be hear in the distance . sailor appear come up the hallway - slightly drunk - he carefully set he drink on the carpet outside the menus room . marietta’s Pov of sailor enter the menus room . cu of marietta’s glaze eye and smile face . marietta’s Pov of walk toward menus room . CUT to : 27 . int . fortune house - day marietta maybe I be there , but I do n’t see anythin’ . all I know' that trash kill a man with he bare hand . hand which be now prob’ly all over my baby ! johnnie marietta , settle down now darlin’ ... I want what 's best for she , too - like I say , I ’ll do what I can to bring she home . CUT to : 28 . int . cape fear HOTEL - day lula be stand in the bathroom of they room at the Hotel fool with she hair in front of the mirror . sailor can see she through the doorway from where he lay on the bed . lula sailor , you be somethin’ else , honey ... when I be fifteen , mama tell I that pretty soon i’d be startin’ to think about sex , and I should talk to she before I do anything about it . sailor but honey , I think you tell I you uncle pooch rape you when you be thirteen . lula that 's true . uncle pooch be n’t really a uncle . he be a business partner of my daddy ? and my mama never know nothin’ about I and he - that 's for damn sure . his real name be somethin’ kind of european , like pucinski . but everyone just call he pooch . he come around the house sometimes when daddy be away . I always figure he be sweet on mama , so when he cornere I one afternoon , I be surprised more’n a little . sailor how’d it happen , peanut ? he just pull out the old toad and let it croak ? lula brushes away she bang and frown . she take a cigarette from the pack on the sink and light it , then let it dangle from she lip while she tease she hair . lula you’re terrible crude sometimes , sailor , you know ? sailor I can n’t hardly understand you when you talk with one of they more in you mouth . lula take a long , slow drag on she more and set it down on the edge of the sink . lula I say you can be too crude sometimes ? I do n’t think I care for it . sailor sorry , sugar . go on and tell I how old pooch do the deed . lula well , mama be at the busy bee havin’ she hair dyed ? and I be alone in the house . CUT to : 29 . int . fortune house - kitchen - day we see what she talk about . lula ( voice - over ) uncle pooch come in the side door through the porch , you know ? where I be makin’ a jelly and banana sandwich ? I remember I have my hair in curler cause I be goin that night with Vicki and cherry Ann , the desoto sister . uncle pooch must have know nobody but I be home , cause he come right in and put both he hand on my butt and sorta shove I up against the counter . CUT to : 30 . int . cape fear HOTEL - day sailor do n’t he say somethin’ ? lula shake she head . she pick up she cigarette , take a puff and throw it into the toilet . ecu of cigarette in toilet . lula not really . least not so I recall now . lula flush the toilet and watch the more come apart as it swirl down the hole . ecu of cigarette come apart as it swirl . sailor so how he finally nail you ? right there in the kitchen ? lula no , he pick I up . CUT to : 31 . int . fortune house - kitchen / maid room - day we see what she talk about . lula ( voice -over ) he be short but powerful . with hairy arm ? anyway , he carry I into the maidus dayroom which nobody use . we do it there on a old bed . CUT to : 32 . int . cape fear HOTEL - day sailor '' we’ do it ? whattaya mean ? do n’t he force you ? lula well , sure . but he be super- gentle , you know ? I mean , he rape I and all , but I guess there’s all different kind of rape . I do n’t exactly want he to do it but I suppose once it start , it do n’t seem all that terrible . it be over pretty quick , and after uncle pooch just stand there and pull up he trousers and leave I there . I stay in bed till I hear he drive off . then I just go back into the kitchen and finish makin’ my sandwich . sailor and you never tell nobody about it ? lula just you . uncle pooch never act strange or different after . and he never do anything else to I . I always get a nice present from he at Christmas , like a coat or jewelry ? ( pause ) CUT to : 33 . two lane highway - day one hundred twenty decibel - head on collision of a '' 54 Ford pick - up and a '' 64 chevy Station wagon . no survivor . ball of flame and grind metal . CUT to : 34 . int . cape fear HOTEL - day lula uncle pooch die in a car crash three year later while he be holidayin in myrtle Beach . they still get way too much traffic there for my taste ... and another thing , baby ... that government of ours should be keepin’ we separate from outer space ... sailor here she go again ... lula sailor , that ozone layer be disappearin’ . seem to I the government could do somethin’ about it . one of this morning the sun’ll come up and burn a hole clean through the planet like a X - Ray . lula strike a match and light another cigarette . sailor ( laugh ) that ain’t never will happen , honey . least not in we lifetime . somewhere in the hotel a woman laugh . it be a kind of wild , crazy laugh , and for the few second it last , lulaus face go pale . sailor you okay , honey ? lula that womand laugh creep I out . I hear somethin’ like that ... somewhere before ... sound’d like the wick witch ... sailor just sound like a old gal havin’ a good time to I ... you ready to dance ? lula I ’m always ready to dance . but I need I a kiss first , honey . just one ? lula and sailor kiss . in the middle of the kiss , the womand creepy / crazy laugh be hear again in the distance and lulaus eye snap open with a kind of fear . CUT to : 35 . ext . fortune house - backyard - late afternoon / evening marietta be escort marcello santos and two stiff drink to a table in she backyard . santos I know you'd want it again ... marietta that 's not why I call . santos oh yeah - sure ... okay . marietta Santos ... it be n’t . santos have it you way ... but you want it . marietta lulaus go off with sailor . santos what do you want I to do about it ? marietta I want you to take care of sailor , so he will n’t ever be able to bother my baby again . santos take care of he ? marietta yes . santos what do take care of he mean ?... do you want I to give he food or some clothing ? marietta what 's with you ?... you know what take care of he mean . I do n’t call Santos except for one big reason . santos Big be the key word , and I ’m tell you I want it bad . marietta I want you to get rid of sailor . santos get rid of he ? marietta yes ... get rid of he . santos how would I do that ? send he on a trip - like maybe to Hawaii ? marietta Santos , why in hell do you insist on playin’ this stupid game ? santos just tell I what you want . marietta I do n’t need to explain anymore’n I have ... you know damn well . santos you need to explain it . marietta all right ... I want you ... to ... kill ... sailor ... as simple as that . santos simple ? kill he ?... how ? marietta that 's you business ... I do n’t care how . santos like a accident where maybe lula might also get hurt ? marietta no ... for godus sake , Santos ! santos well , like kill he with the atomic bomb ? marietta Santos ... santos explain it ... I tell you . marietta shoot he . santos shoot he ? like with a gun ? marietta yes . santos where ?... in the leg ? marietta no . santos where ? marietta in the head . santos shoot sailor in the head with a gun ... now I ’m beginning to get it ... you want I to shoot sailor in the head with a gun . marietta yes . santos but where in the head ?... not the chin , I hope . marietta no ... in the brain ... what little I ’m sure he have . santos you want I to shoot sailor in the brain with a gun . marietta yes . santos through the forehead ? marietta yes . santos wrong ! it 's much better to blow a hole in the back of the head ... right toward the bridge of the nose ... lot and lot of irreparable damage . marietta see ! I know you have it all under control . santos why do n’t you send johnnie farragut ? marietta maybe I do ... try New Orleans first ... lula can n’t ever stop talkin’ ’bout that town . santos on one condition ... he pause and smile strangely . santos you give I you permission to kill johnnie farragut . marietta ( whisper ) Santos ... no ... please , Santos ... santos you’re not tellin’ I that you’re sweet on he ? marietta no ... but ... santos one day heus gonna find out what we’re up to with Mr. reindeer , and he could cause we a lot of trouble . they stare at each other for a moment . santos I ’m gonna take you silence as a “yes” ... marietta Santos ... I can’t ... santos shhhh ... it 's all right ... also , I either take you or that pretty daughter of yours to bed . marietta you fucker , do n’t you ever touch lula - you fucker , I ’ll kill you . santos ( laugh ) put you shoulder back . marietta what ? santos put you shoulder back , I say . marietta put she shoulder back and Santos come and stand in front of she . santos you get nice tit . marietta someone’s gonna see we . santos ( smile as he start to feel she breast ) that 's just another part of the price to pay . marietta Santos ... you kill that sailor , otherwise heus gonna turn my baby against I . Santos lift one hand up to marietta’s chin and raise she face up towards he . santos look at I ... there 's no turn back on this ... I ’m gonna kill sailor ... that 's for sure . CUT to : 36 . int . '' the hurricane '' - a speed metal club - night we see the sign which have all the letter tip way over to the right - as if in a hurricane . two lean palm tree border the sign . one hundred decibel of speed metal . we see the name '' powermad” on the bass drum . the band segues into '' slaughter house and it 's a hot one . sailor grab lula and they start dance like two jack - up spastic in a electrical storm . a few punk actually stop dance to watch sailor and lula . they think they’d see everything . cu of lula and sailor - they’re in love and dance hot . a idiot punk move close to lula and rub up against she as he dance by . sailor turn to the lead guitar player and signal he to stop the music immediately . suddenly everything be deathly quiet . sailor give the man a fully extend '' reno point ... sailor be you go to provide I with a opportunity to prove my love to my girl ? or be you gonna save youself some trouble and step up like a gentleman and apologize to she ? idiot punk do n’t fuck with I , man . you look like a clown in that stupid jacket . sailor this be a snakeskin jacket , and for I it 's a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom . idiot punk ... asshole . sailor ( as he move toward the idiot punk ) come here . lula sailor , honey ... the idiot punk try to hit sailor , but sailor slap he so hard he knee almost bend backwards . the idiot punk go down - fight back tear and hold he cheek . sailor ( help he up ) I ’m sorry to do this to ya here in front of a crowd , but I want ya to stand up and make a nice apology to my girl . idiot punk ( to lula ) I ’m sorry . lula Hell , you just rubbed up against the wrong girl be all . sailor that 's good ... now go get yourself a beer . ( turn to the band ) you fella have alotta the same power elvis have ... y’all know this one ?... sailor start to sing a elvis presley song , '' Love me. '' as the band join in with a perfect back - up - sailor sing to lula . the speed Metal crowd be mesmerize . dissolve to : 37 . int . cape fear HOTEL - night cu of pink - the whole screen be fill with pink nylon . pan down , we see lulaus breast , which stand up and say “hello . '' lula put on she favorite pink shortie nightgown . lula why do n’t ya sing '' Love I tender” ? ... you tell I that be you favorite love song . sailor turn around from he sprawle on the bed position watch the date game show . sailor '' Cause I ’m only gonna sing that song to my wife . lula make a face . she lie down on the bed next to sailor . lula what you want to watch this trash for ? ai n’t one of that people have a real think in they brain . sailor that so ? ( keep he gaze on the tv ) you want to tell I what , if any , real thought you have lately ? lula what you have to get personal about so quick ? all I mean be you could possibly read a book . sailor grunt . lula what 's that honey ? sailor we do n’t have no tv up at pee Dee , baby , you know ? lula slide she head up and kiss sailor on the cheek . lula I ’m sorry , sweetie . I forget some moment where all you be the last two year . sailor twenty - three month , eighteen day be all . do n’t need to make more’n it be . ( refer to date game show ) this coupley goin on a date to Hawaii . the girl choose he over the other two guy . lula do n’t the reject guy get anythin’ ? sailor gift certificate to kentucky fry Chicken . lula that do n’t seem fair . sailor Hell , why should the datin’ game be different from real life ? at least they boy be gonna get somethin’ to eat . later - in the dark sailor and lula be in bed . lula lay in sailorus arm . lula sailor ? sailor yeah ? lula would n’t it be fabulous if we somehow stay in love for the rest of we life ? sailor ( laugh ) you think of the weirdest damn thing to say sometimes , peanut . ai n’t we be doin’ a pretty fair job this far ? lula oh , you know exactly what I mean , honey ? it ’d make the future so simple and nice . sailor at pee Dee , all you think about be the future , you know ? gettin’ out ? and what you’ll do and what you’ll think about when you’re on the outside again . lula I just think about thing as they come up . I never be much of a planner . sailor it ain’t altogether terrible just to let thing go along sometimes . lula , I do a few thing in my life I ain’t too proud of , but I ’ll tell ya from now on I ain’t gonna do nothin’ for no good reason . all I know for sure be there 's more’n a few bad idea runnin’ around loose out there . ecu of match gird along the strike pad and burst into flame . lula light she cigarette . lula you know there 's somethin’ I ain’t never tell you about , sailor , and this here’s a story with the lesson that there 's a right time and a wrong time for thing to happen ... when I be almost sixteen I get pregnant . sailor look she in the eye . sailor musta be a lesson tellin’ ya it be the wrong time ... what do you do , you mama find out ? lula ( nod ) she get I a abortion ... CUT to : 38 . int . abortion clinic - miami - day ecu of die fetus with one hundred twenty decibel lulaus scream over . the fetus twitches in its little pod of blood . ecu of pulsing vein in lulaus neck - loud violent heartbeat SOUND - like a double - pedale kick bass drum . ecu of lulaus forehead cover in sweat run down to she eye - open wide and wild . ecu of fetus into medical trash can . ecu of bloody abortion instrument . the doctor lean across the abortion table . lula ( voice-over ) ... from some old doctor with the hairiest nostril and ear I ever see . ecu of doctork nose and ear ... hair ! lula ( voice -over ) afterwards ... momma say ... we see marietta stand next to the doctor . lula ( voice-over ) ... I hope you appreciate my spendin’ six hundred dollar , not countin’ what it cost we to get here and back ... this manus the best damn abortionist in the South . CUT to : 39 . int . cape fear motel - night sailor you tell the boy who knock you up ? lula it be my cousin , dell , do it ? his folk use to visit with we summer . sailor what happen to he ? lula oh , nothin’ . I never let on to mama about dell bein’ the one . I just flat refuse to tell she who the daddy be ? I do n’t tell dell , neither . he be back home in chattanooga by then , anyhow , and I do n’t see the point . somethin’ terrible happen to he , though . six month ago . sailor what 's that , peanut ? lula dell disappear . dell be learnin’ a hard lesson . what I learn from observine dell be I think people who be frighten want to disappear . he’d startin’ behavine weird ? like comin’ up to people every fifteen minute and askin’ how they be doin’ ? CUT to : 40 . ext . CITY STREET - chattanooga - day DELL , wear a soile double - knit suit stop a lady in the street , and smile about the fact that earlier that morning heus place a cockroach on he anus , he speak to the woman . DELL how’re ya doin’ ? CUT to : 41 . int . cape fear HOTEL - night lula and just seemin’ real spacey and actin’ funny . sailor actin’ funny how ? lula well , like mama tell I , aunt rootie , dell mama ? she find cockroach in dell underwear . CUT to : 42 . int . aunt rootied house cu of aunt rootie - unfold a pair of dirty jockey short and several cockroach fall out . CUT to : 43 . int . cape fear HOTEL - night lula one time , aunt rootie catch dell puttin’ one big cockroach on he anus ? sailor Hell , peanut ... lula one time - real late - like about two thirty a.m .? she find dell up in the black of night all dress and makin’ sandwich in the kitchen . CUT to : 44 . aunt rootied house - kitchen - night in the dark kitchen , aunt rootie find dell make sandwich - slice they on the diagonal . aunt rootie what’re ya doin’ ? DELL makin’ my lunch !!! lula ( voice - over ) dell tell she he be makin’ he lunch and goin to work . he 's a welder ? and she make he go back to bed . we see aunt rootie cross the kitchen - take the knife away from dell and lead he out of the kitchen . CUT to : 45 . int . cape fear HOTEL - night lula then he’d carry on about the weather ? talk about how rainfall control by alien livin’ on earth . also how man wearin’ black leather glove ... CUT to : 46 . int . aunt rootied house - dell room - night dell , cry uncontrollably , be in the center of the room squatting like a indian in he jockey short . he have a long ruler stretch out in front of he which heus use to press down on the top of a lone black glove on the floor . lula ( voice-over ) ... be followin’ he around . sailor prob’ly the rain boy from Outer Space . CUT to : 47 . int . cape fear HOTEL - night lula it ain’t so funny now , though . December before Christmas ? dell disappear again and aunt rootie hire a private eye to find he . he be missin’ for almost a month before he wander back in the house on mornin’ dress in some filthy Santa Claus suit . 48a . ext . aunt rootied house - day dell walk to house . CUT to : 48 . int . aunt rootied house - day dell enter the front door in a Santa Claus suit so filthy you can hardly see the red through the black . he walk right past aunt rootie and go back into the kitchen . there he immediately do a spread - eagle on the floor and violently scratch he leave ankle . lula ( voice - over ) the private eye cost aunt rootie over a thousand dollar ? then a little while later dell run off a third time to some place he say would “give he peace of mind . '' nobody 's see he since . CUT to : 49 . int . cape fear HOTEL - night sailor sound like ol’ dell more’n just a little confuse , peanut ... too bad he could n’t visit that ol’ wizard of Oz and get some good advice . lula too bad we all can’t , baby ... one thing about dell ? sailor what 's that ? lula when he be about seventeen , he startin’ losin’ he hair . sailor so ? lula he 's twenty - four now ? a year older than you ? and must be ’bout bald . sailor there 's worse thing that can happen to a man , honey . lula yeah , I suppose . but you know somethin’ baby , hair do make a difference . lula turn to study sailor . lula I sure be glad they do n’t give you no prison haircut ... ( sexual whisper ) give I somethin’ to grab hold of while we’re makin’ love ? they kiss passionately . dissolve to : 50 . int . cape fear HOTEL - night sailor get up from the bed and begin put on he clothes . lula be painting she toenail red . sailor letus go dancin’ , peanut . I ’m ready . lula we gotta be careful , honey , my mamak gonna have johnnie farragut on we like a duck on a June bug , and heus one clever detective ? you know how clever ? he once tell I that he could find a honest man in Washington . my toenail gotta dry first anyways , sailor . sailor one thing puzzle my mind , sugar ... you’re twenty year old - be n’t you ever curious why you mama have this fixation on keepin’ we apart ? puttin’ a detective on we . i’ll tell ya lula ... well ... it 's more’n I killin’ Bob Ray lemon ... lula maybe my mama care for I just a little too much ... sailor yeah , maybe ... sailorus eye seem to be think back ... CUT to : 51 . int . BAY ST . CLEMENT HOTEL - hallway above ballroom - night we see a empty carpete hallway and can hear a ballroom dance band play in the distance . sailor obviously slightly drunk , come down the hall . he carefully , almost lose he balance , place he drink outside the menus room and enter . marietta stand down at the other end of the hall - also drunk - smile and stare at the menus room door through she glaze eye . sailor enter the menus room . CUT to : 52 . int . menus room - BAY ST . CLEMENT HOTEL - night sailor step up to a urinal and start do he business . marietta suddenly appear - drunk and laugh . she grab he and pull he into a stall - close and lock the door behind they . marietta hey , sailor boy , you wanna fuck lulaus mama ?... sailor no . marietta well , she want to fuck you . she start try to french kiss sailor when a old man come in to urinate and sailor and marietta freeze - in a kiss . sailor be go crazy in one way ( wishing this be n’t happen . ) marietta be go crazy in another . the man finish and as he leave ... old man ( cover he eye from see they ) lousy fuckin’ homosexual ... sailor ( instantly pull away from marietta ) what be you , sick ?... I ’m with lula . marietta no ... I just want to kiss you good - bye ... you know too much ’bout little lulaus mom ... sailor whattya mean ? marietta well , johnnie tell I you use to drive for clyde and Santos ... sailor so ? marietta so maybe one night you get a little too close to the fire ... and you’re gonna get burn , baby ... and besides that , you’re shit ... d’you think i’d let my little girl go with shit like you ?... why , you belong right here in one of this toilet . sailor you’re gonna have to kill I to keep I away from lula . marietta oh , do n’t worry ’bout that ... CUT to : int . cape fear HOTEL - night sailor it 's a prob’lm I do n’t think’s gonna go away too soon though ... peanut , I ’m thinkin’ of breakin’ parole and takin’ you out to sunny California . lula sailor ! sailor you up for that ? lula i’d get to the far end of the world for you , baby ... you know I would . sailor that toenail dry yet ? we get some dancin’ to do . we drift down lulaus long white leg to she blood red toenail . CUT to : 54 . int . '' the hurricane bar '' - night cu of lulaus dance foot in black spike - heel sandal expose blurred blood red toenail . lula and sailor be at it again - dance as if plugge in to the main power plant . dissolve to : 55 . int . bar - back of '' the hurricane '' - night drenched in sweat , sailor and lula sit at a corner table chug-a-lugging '' Rolling rock” during the bandy break . lula notice a girl in the corner eye-balling sailor . she split she attention between the girl and sailor . lula ... that 's a awful long way to go , just to get some pussy . sailor yeah , I have my first taste on that trip to juarez . at that age you still get a lot of energy . lula you still get plenty energy for I , baby . lula have have enough of the girl stare at sailor . lula take a picture , bitch ... it ’ll last longer . girl oh yeah ? lula I ’ll slap that eye right outta you head . the girl get up in a huff and leave . lula sorry , baby ... when’s the first time you do it with a girl who be n’t hookind ? sailor maybe two , three month after juarez . I be visitin’ my cousin , junior train , in Savannah , and we be at some kidq house whose parent be out of town . a girl come up to I that be real tall , taller than I . CUT to : 56 . int . junior trainds friend house - kitchen - savannah we see what he talk about . sailor ( voice - over ) she look right at I and run she tongue over she lip and put she hand on my arm - tell I she name be irma . CUT to : 57 . int . bar - back of '' the hurricane '' - night lula what’d you say to she ? sailor told she my name . then she say somethin’ like , '' it 's so noisy down here . why do n’t we go upstairs so we can hear ourselves ? '' she turn around and lead the way . I know I have a important lesson to learn that day . CUT to : 58 . int . junior trainds friend house - stairway - night we see what he talk about . sailor ( voice - over ) when she get almost to the top step I stick my hand between she leg from behind . CUT to : 59 . int . bar - back of '' the hurricane '' - night lula oh , baby . what a bad boy you be ! sailor ( laugh ) that 's just what she say . I have a boner with a capital '' o .” I go to kiss she but she break off laughin’ and run down the hallway . I find she lyin’ on a bed in a room fill with assault weapon and penthouse magazine . she be a wild chick . she be wearin’ bright orange pants with kind of Spanish lookin’ lacy black stripe down the side . you know , they kind that do n’t go all the way down you leg ? lula you mean like pedal pusher ? sailor I guess . CUT to : 60 . int . junior trainds friend house - bedroom night we see what he talk about . sailor ( voice - over ) she just roll over onto she stomach and stick she ass up in the air . I sly my hand between she leg and she close she thigh on it . CUT to : 61 . int . bar - back of '' the hurricane '' - night lula you’re excitin I , honey . what’d she do ? sailor her face be half - push into the pillow , and she look back over she shoulder at I and say , '' I will n’t suck you . do n’t ask I to suck you .’ lula poor baby . she do n’t know what she miss . what color hair she have ? sailor sorta brown , blonde , I guess . but dig this , sweetie . then she turn over , peel off they orange pants , and spread she leg real wide and say to I ... CUT to : 62 . int . junior trainds friend house - bedroom - night irma ( she smile face ) take a bite of peach . CUT to : 63 . int . bar - back of '' the hurricane '' - night lula ( howl ) Jesus , honey ! you more’n sorta get what you come for ... you better rum I back to the hotel , baby ... you get I hotter’n Georgia asphalt . sailor say no more ... but go easy on I , sweetheart ... tomorrow we get alotta drivind to do . ( he take out a cigarette and laugh ) hotter’n Georgia asphalt ? ecu of match strike and burst into flame . white out : CUT to : 64 . int . thunderbird convertible - day sailor be at the wheel of the dark blue '' 67 thunderbird convertible . they be fly down a two - lane Southern highway . lula I ’ll drop mama a postcard from somewhere . I mean , I do n’t want she to worry no more’n necessary . sailor what do you mean by necessary ? she 's prob’ly already call the cop , my parole officer , she p.i. boyfriend johnnie farragut . lula I suppose so . she know I be bound to see you soon as you be sprung , but I do n’t figure she count on we takin’ off together like this ... I guess this mean you’re breakin’ parole , then ? sailor you guess ? my parole be break two hundred mile back when we burnt portagee County . lula what’ll it be like in California , sailor , do you think ? I hear it do n’t rain much there . sailor you get about six more big state to go before we find out . lula we get through two state already . lula light up a cigarette . sailor that do n’t smell like a more . lula it ain’t . it 's part of the lesson of life . I pick I up a pack of vantage before we leave the cape ? sailor they sure do stink . lula yeah , I guess , but - and here’s the lesson part - they ain’t suppose to be so bad for you . sailor you ain’t gonna begin worryin’ about what 's bad for you at this hour , be you , sugar ? I mean , here you be crossin’ state line with a a - number one certified murderer . lula manslaughterer , honey , not murderer . do n’t exaggerate . sailor okay , manslaughterer who' break he parole and get in mind nothin’ but immoral purpose fark you’re concerned . lula thank the Lord . well , you ain’t let I down yet , sailor . that 's more’n I can say for the rest of the world ? sailor laugh and shoot the t- Bird up to seventy . sailor you please I , too , peanut . CUT to : 65 . int . johnnie farragut’s '' 69 maroon buick - day johnnie farragut drive down a Southern highway on he mission . dissolve to : 66 . int . thunderbird - day sailor life be a bitch and then you marry one . lula what kinda trash talk be that ? sailor ( laugh ) what it say on the bumper sticker up front . on that pickup . lula that 's disgustin’ . that kinda sentiment should n’t be allow out in public . be this Biloxi yet ? sailor almost . I figure we should find we a place to stay and then go eat . lula get anyplace special in mind ? sailor we oughta stay somewhere outta the way . not in no holiday or ramadas or Motel six . if johnnie farragut’s on we trail he’ll check that first . 66a . ext . thunderbird / ext . the host of the old south HOTEL - day they pass the Biloxi City limit sign . lula how about that one ? the host of the Old South Hotel . sailor look more like the ghost of the Old South , but we’ll try she . CUT to : 67 . int . the host of the old south HOTEL - evening the room be large but cheap . lula strip off the dishwater grey bedspread and toss it over by the bureau . sailor look out the break window . lula I h-a-t-e hotel bedspread . they do n’t hardly never get wash , and I do n’t like the idea of lyin’ on other peopleus dirt . sailor come look at this . lula ( go to the window ) what 's that , honey ? sailor ( think about death ) there ain’t no water in the swimmin’ pool . just a dead tree fall in , prob’ly from bein’ strike by lightnine . lula ( think about granddad ) it 's huge . this musta be a grand old place at one time . sailor letus get feed , sweetheart . the light 's fadin’ fast . CUT to : 68 . ext . roadside payphone - night marcello Santos be make a phone call . santos hello there , Mr. reindeer ... marcello Santos speak . CUT to : 69 . int . mr. reindeerus posh new orlean residence - night a old man , mr . reindeer , wear a tuxedo be sit on the toilet - he pants down - talk on the bathroom phone . he laugh a long deep smokerk laugh . mr. reindeer ( laugh ) Mr. marcello Santos ... hey there ... that be great shit you send in last month ... CUT to : 68a . ext . roadside payphone - night santos I gotta problem ... in fact , I gotta coupl’a problem ... CUT to : 69a . int . mr. reindeerus posh new orlean residence - night mr. reindeer ( laugh again ) gotta coupl’a problem , huh ?... for each problem drop a silver dollar through my mail slot ... with all particular ... we’ll work out “il contout later ... CUT to : 70 . int . johnnie farragut’s maroon '' 69 buick - night johnnie farragut steer the buick down the dark highway past a sign which read , '' new orlean - 26 mile .. CUT to : 71 . ext . beach - night sailor and lula be walk along the beach . lula take off she shoe . lula ( sing -song spell ) m-i-ss-i-ss-i-pp-i... you can almost hear that jazz blowin’ up from the big N.O. sailor lula ... I learn somethin’ interestin’ today on a science show I hear on the radio ... how leech be comin’ back into style . lula say what ? honestly , sugar , you can talk more shit sometimes ? she take out a cigarette the length and width of a dixon ticonderoga no. 2 pencil and light it . sailor get you a pack of more again , huh ? lula yeah , it 's a real problem for I , sailor , you know ? when I go in that drugstore by the restaurant in Biloxi ? I see ’em by the register and the girl throw ’em in . I ’m not big on resistin’ . so what about a leech ? sailor Heard on the radio how doctor be usin’ leech again , just in old time . you know , when even barber use ’em ? lula ( shudder ) I get one on I at Lake lanier . lifeguard pour salt on it and it drop off . felt awful . he be a cute boy , though , so it be almost worth it . sailor laugh . sailor yeah , well listen to this ... Radio say back in the 1920 a I - talian doctor figure out that if , say , a fella get he nose cut off or bit off in , say , a barfight or somethin’ , they’d sew one of he forearm to he nose for a few week ... then put leech on it . CUT to : 71a . cu of man with forearm sew to nose . CUT to : 72 . ext . beach - night lula sailor ? you expect I to believe a manud be goin around with a arm sew to he nose ? sailor ( nodd ) how they use to do it . course they get more sophisticated way now . Radio say the chinese , I think it be , figure a better idea be by insertin’ a balloon in the forehead and lettin’ it hand down on the nose . lula shriek . lula sailor ripley ! you stop ! you’re makin’ this shit up and I ain’t gonna sit for it ! sailor honest , lula . I prob’ly ain’t precisely get all the fact straight , but it 's about what they say . lula honey , we’re goin to bed now and it 's time to change the subject . sheus so cute sailor just have to kiss she . dissolve to : 73 . int . thunderbird - southern highway - day sailor and lula pass a sign that read '' new orlean - 26 mile '' . sailor pull off the road into a Gulf gas station mini-mart and stop the car next to a self - serve pump . a sign on the top of it say '' please pay inside before fueling .” sailor we’re about dry bone , sweetheart . we do n’t wanna have to push this “bird” into New Orleans . lula we sure do n’t , honey ... ( shouting to sailor as he go into the store ) get I a mound ? 74 . int . mini - mart - day a tall old black man about seventy year old , wear a tear green tulane tee-shirt and a dirty orange Saints baseball cap , be filing item on the counter by the cash register . in the pile be four ready - make , plastic - wrap sandwich , two tuna salad and two cotto salami ; six twinkies ; a package of chip ahoy chocolate chip cookie ; four slice colas ; two barqus root beer ; and a large package of fry pork rind , extra salted . black man ( to sailor and another guy also wait to pay for gas ) sorry , gentleman . I ’m ’most finish on my shoppin’ here . erv this be it ? black man y’all take american Express ? erv yessir . black man then lemme throw in a couple more thing . sailor and the man in line behind he watch as the black man gather up several more package of twinkies along with a few cupcake and half a dozen can of pretty Kitty cat food , three liver and three chicken dinner portion , and toss they on he pile . black man ( to sailor , smile - show no visible upper tooth ) pussycat gotta eat , too . he hand a american Express card to the clerk , erv , who run it through the verifier . the card check out okay and the old guy prepare a charge slip , have the man sign it , and bag the purchase . black man ( to erv ) i’d just soon have a paper bag rather than a plastic one , if it 's same to you . erv ( shove the plastic bag he fill towards the black man ) we do n’t have no paper bag . a telephone begin to ring and everyone look around . the Black man reach in he jacket pocket and pull out a portable phone and punch “send .” black man ( into phone ) hello ... yeah , mama , I ’m on my way ... ( to sailor and other guy as he pick up he bag and head out ) thanks for waitin’ , gentleman . everyone be silent as they watch the old Black man hobble out . sailor ( to erv ) all I want ten buck regular . oh yeah , and a mound bar . erv take one off the candy and gum rack next to the register and lay it on the counter . sailor give he a twenty dollar bill . sailor I ain’t get my american Express card with I , so I gotta use cash . hope that 's okay . sailor smile , but the clerk keep a poker face and just give he he change . the guy in line behind sailor shake he head and grin . 75 . ext . mini mart / thunderbird - day sailor go back to the car . lula that take long enough . you forget my mound ? sailor toss she the candy bar . sailor I really do think the country do change just a little while I be away , peanut . lula sink she small white tooth into the chocolate - cover coconut . lula ( as she chew ) you get to keep a eye on it . that 's sure . sailor start pump gas . CUT to : 76 . int . mr. reindeerus posh new orlean residence - day cu of mail slot . two silver dollar come through it and one fall head up and the other tail on the rug below . CUT to : 77 . int . mr. reindeerus posh new orlean residence - day Mr. reindeer be just finish dial a number on the telephone . mr. reindeer a coupl’a silver dollar come my way today ... I ’m send one of they to you with a paper on the beneficiary ... as usual , you be completely free to fulfill the obligation in any manner you so desire . he hang up the phone and start dial another number . dissolve to : 78 . int . the round room restaurant - new orlean - day at a table near the window , johnnie take a man-size pull off he Dixie beer in between bite of a oyster sandwich . a large , chocolate - color man in he early thirty , reginald san pedro sula , and a smaller white man , drop shadow approach with they trays of food . reggie do you mind if we share this table ? ... the other , they be occupy . johnnie look around - see that there be quite a few empty table - he look the man over quickly . johnnie ( cautiously ) alright ... by all mean . make yourselves at home . drop shadow ( as he sit down ) muchas gracias . reggie my name be reginald San pedro sula . but please do call I Reggie . this be my friend , who we call Drop shadow . he be always with I . johnnie wipe off he right hand on he napkin and shake . johnnie johnnie farragut . please to meet ya . Reggie and Drop shadow begin eat ferociously , finish half of they meal before say anything more . reggie you be from New Orleans , senor farragut ? johnnie johnnie , please . nope. Charlotte , North Carolina . here on business . Reggie smile broadly , revealing numerous tall , gold tooth . drop shadow Mr. San pedro sula be from honduras . reggie do you know honduras , johnny ? johnnie only that it 's suppose to be a pretty poor sight since the hurricane come through last year . reggie yes , that 's so . but there be not much to destroy . drop shadow no big building like in New Orleans . johnnie whattaya do there ? reggie ( laugh ) oh , many thing ... drop shadow Mr. San pedro sula’s get a appliance shop . reggie but I be also with the government . johnnie take a bite of he oyster sandwich . johnnie in what capacity ? reggie in many capacity . drop shadow Mr. San pedro sula be with the secret service . Reggie reach into he back pocket and take out he wallet . he hand a card to johnnie . johnnie ( read aloud ) General osvaldo tamarindo y ramirez . telefono 666 . reggie he be my sponsor . the General be the head of the secret police of honduras . drop shadow Mr. San pedro sula be one of he operative . johnnie hand the card back to Reggie and Reggie give he a small piece of paper , fold once . johnnie unfold it . the printing be in Spanish . reggie that be my permiso . drop shadow Mr. San pedro sula’s permit to kill . reggie only if necessary , of course , and only in my own country . ( laugh ) johnnie of course . johnnie refold the piece of paper and hand it over to Reggie . drop shadow Mr. San pedro sula’s authorize to carry a .45 . reggie United States Marine issue , before they make the unfortunate switch to the less dependable nine millimeter . I have it here , in my briefcase . Reggie hold up he stainless steel briefcase and then replace it on the floor beneath he chair . johnnie why be you in New Orleans ? if you do n’t mind my askin’ . reggie certainly not . we be here only briefly , in fact , until this evening , when we fly to Austin , Texas to visit a friend of mine who be a agent for the CIA . drop shadow he want to take Mr. San pedro sula and I bass fishing . reggie we be in the same business and also we be fisherman . johnnie swallow the last of he beer and stand up to leave . johnnie ( extend he hand ) it 's be a real pleasure . I wish you both buena suerte wherever you go . Reggie and Drop shadow stand up . they shake johnnies hand . reggie the same to you . if you be in honduras , come to the Bay Islands and visit we . the honduran be great friend of the american people . but I have a joke for you before I go . if a liberal , a socialist , and a communist all jump off the roof of the Empire State Building at the same time , which one of they would hit the ground first ? johnnie I could n’t say , which one ? Reggie turn to Drop shadow and let he have the punch line . drop shadow ( grin ) who care ? CUT to : 79 . int . HOTEL brazil - new orlean - evening sailor and lula be just finish make love in they room . as lula climax , she leave hand open and spread wide . the lay quietly for a moment . lula I love it when you eye get wild , honey . they light up all blue almost and little white parachute pop out of ’em . oh , sailor you’re so aware of what go on with I ? I mean , you pay attention . and I swear , you get the sweetest cock . sometimes it 's like it 's talkin’ to I when you’re inside ? like it 's get a voice all it 's own . you get right on I . sailor you really be dangerously cute , honey . I gotta admit it . lula light a cigarette . sailor letus head out into the crazy world of New Orleans ... I gotta get somethin’ to eat . CUT to : 80 . int . ronnieq nothin '' fancy cafe - new orlean - late evening sailor and lula sit at the counter drink double - size cup of community coffee . a man on the stool next to sailor light up a rum - soak crook . GEORGE my nameus George kovich . Bet you’ve hear of I . sailor do n’t know that I have ... should I know about you for anythin’ in particular ? GEORGE be in all the papers three year ago . I ’m seventy -six , be only seventy - three then . have a business in buffalo , New York , call rat with wing . kill pigeon for anyone who want ’em kill . lula why be you killin’ pigeon , Mr. kovich ? be you in the extermination business ? GEORGE no , ma’am . I be a housepainter , in the union forty - one year . I ’m retire now , livin’ with my sister , ida . ida move down here twenty - five year ago , marry a oil man name smoltz , Ed smoltz . he 's dead now , so it 's just I and ida . I sell my house and move down after the city of buffalo put I out of business . Hell , rww be doin’ they a service , and they charge I with endangerin’ the public . lula what 's wrong with pigeon , Mr. kovich ? GEORGE they’re useless pest . I ’ve shot hundred of ’em ... CUT to : 81 . ext . CITY STREET - rooftop in GEORGE kovich’s neighborhood - day George be shoot pigeon as fast as he can . GEORGE ( voice -over ) ... my neighbor hire I to get rid of the pigeon that gather on they roof and porch ... CUT to : 82 . int . ronnieq nothin '' fancy cafe - new orlean - late evening GEORGE ... neighbor ask I how come the spot bastard do n’t light on my house or my brother early anymore , and I tell ’em the truth . I shot ’em ... early go now ... CUT to : 83 . int . earl kovich’s house - day Earl pitch forward out of he easy chair and hit the carpet hard - scream in pain . GEORGE ( voice -over ) ... heart attack six month ago - have that cholesterol thick as shit ... his widow , mild , she still life in the house next to mine . CUT to : 84 . int . ronnieq nothin '' fancy cafe - new orlean - late evening GEORGE sheus stone deaf but the racket the pigeon make drive Earl crazy . he could hear ’em even with the tv on . he own a bar thirty year , the boilermaker , on Wyoming Street . early roof be a favorite spot for pigeon . they light there day and night . I want to toss a grenade up there . sailor if you neighbor do n’t mind , how you get put out of business ? GEORGE woman drivind down the street spot I with on a roof with my rifle . she call the police and they come over and arrest I . think I be a sniper ! boy at the vfw love that one . cop do n’t understand about the pigeon , the damage they do to personal property . I use to complain to the city but they never lift a finger . I be gonna put out poison , but I be afraid somebody 's cat would eat it . Hell , I have six cat myself . so I use the .22 because it do n’t make much noise and the ammo be cheap . sailor what happen on the charge ? GEORGE guilty on a reduce charge . hundre dollar fine and order to desist . pigeon carry disease and muss up the place . you see it . plain filth . kovich stand up and put some money on the counter . GEORGE it 's a serious situation . not like the Turks and the armenian , maybe , or the Arabs and the Jews , but I want people to remember I and what I ’ve do and pick up where I leave off . somebody have to make a move . it be nice meetin’ you folk . George kovich nod and leave . sailor what lesson do get outta that story , lula ? lula it 's just another case , sailor . sailor what 's that , peanut ? lula one person think heus doin’ somethin’ good and ever’body else get upset about it . sailor look up at lula . sailor ai n’t it the way ... CUT to : 85 . int . HOTEL brazil - new orlean - night it 's very quiet in the hotel room and the clock say four a.m. lula and sailor be lie in bed arm in arm . sailor be fast asleep - snore . lula be wide awake . lula sailor ?... sailor , honey ? sailor snap awake with a snort . sailor huh ? lula ever imagine what it’d be like to get eat alive by a wild beast ?... sometimes I think it would be the biggest thrill ? sailor my God , ( look around ) it better be , darlin’ , cause it’d be the last ... what time be it ? lula shhhhh ... it 's four o’clock ... that womand laugh the other day have somethin’ to do with this feelin’ ? ... like bein’ rip apart by a gorilla , maybe ... grab sudden and pull apart real quick by a real powerful one . lulaus leave hand open and spread wide . sailor lula , sometimes I gotta admit , you come up with some weird thought ... lula anythin’ interestin’ in the world come out of somebody 's weird thought , sailor . you tell I sailor , who could come up with shit like we’re seein’ this day ? sailor you get I , peanut . lula ( smile - turn to he ) you certain ? sailor I ain’t never meet anyone come close to you , sugar . lula recall the time we be sittin’ one night behind the confederate soldier ? leanin’ against it . and you take you hand and put it on you heart and you say , '' you feel it beatinute in there , lula ?... get use to it , cause it belong to you now . '' d’you recall that ? sailor I do . lula I be hopind you would . I know that night by heart . sometimes , honey ? I think it 's the best night of my life . CUT to : 86 . behind the confederate soldier tight two - shot lula and sailor with they arm around each other - cheek to cheek - talk softly . a strange presence begin to build and a piece of sad nostalgic music play . CUT to : 87 . int . HOTEL brazil - new orlean - night lula ( lose in the memory ) I really do think it 's the best night of my life . sailor we do n’t do nothin’ special I can remember . just talk , be all . lula talkind good . Long as you get the other ? I ’m a big believer in talkin’ , case you ain’t notice . sailor too bad they do n’t give a award for talkin’ ... you’d win first prize . especially with that tit . lula you think so , baby ? do my talkin’ bother you , honey ? sailor no , I like gettinu up around four a.m. and talkin’ bout wild animal ... though you wake I up this time in the middle of a dream . I kinda wish I do n’t remember it . up at pee Dee , I could n’t remember any of my dream . lula what be this one ? sailor it be n’t no fun , lula . the wind be blowin’ super-hard and I be n’t dress warm . only instead of freezin’ , I be sweatin’ strong . CUT to : 87 . cu of eye . Black sweat be roll down the forehead and over the eye . sailor ( voice - over ) the water be rollin’ off I . and I be dirty , too , like I have n’t have no bath in a long time , so the sweat be black almost . CUT to : 88 . int . HOTEL brazil - new orlean - night lula Boy , sweetie , this be weird , okay . sailor I know . I keep walkin’ , I head for you house , only it be n’t you house , really . you let I in only you be n’t real pleased to see I . you keep askin’ , '' why’d you come to see I now ? why now ? '' like it’d be a long time since we’d see each ohter . lula oh , baby , what a idea . i’d always be happy to see you , no matter what . sailor I know , peanut . but it be n’t all like you be so unhappy I be there , just you be upset . my bein’ there be upsettin’ to you . you have some kid there , little kid , and I guess you'd get marry and you husband be comin’ home any minute . CUT to : 87a . cu of eye . Black sweat be roll down the forehead and over the eye . sailor ( voice - over ) I tell you , lula . I be shakin wet . all this black sweat be pourin’ off I , and I know I be scarin’ you , so I take off . CUT to : 89 . int . HOTEL brazil - new orlean - night lula put she arm around he . lula sometimes dream just do n’t mean nothin’ ... stuff come into you mind and you do n’t have no control over , you know ? anyway , dream ain’t no odder than real life . sometimes not by half . sailor well , I be n’t upset about it , darlin’ . just give I a odd feelin’ there a minute , be all . lula lift she head and kiss sailor under he leave ear . she roll over on top of sailor . lula take a bite of lula . CUT to : 90 . int . snug harbor bar - new orlean - night johnnie farragut sit down on a stool at the bar . chet , the bartender , approach . chet hey !!!... johnnie farragut . how be you , my man . johnnie Real good , Chet ... it 's be awhile . chet everything relative . where 's that marietta Pace fortune ? you two do n’t split up , I hope . johnnie no ... she 's fine . back home . chet what’ll it be ? the regular ? Black label ? johnnie set one up . Chet bring he a double . chet so who you out sleuthin’ for now ?... can I help ya ? johnnie actually , I ’m lookin’ for marietta’s daughter , lula . her and ’er beau take off the other day . marietta’s real upset about it . chet Hell , that ring a bell . someone tell I somebody lookin’ like she be at the nothin’ Fancy yesterday . johnnie sound right ... I ’ll check it out . chet ( check for a gold ring on johnnies hand ) you hitched yet ? johnnie no sir ... chet it 's none of my business , but when be you and marietta gonna tie the knot ? I always wonder why you never do . johnnie not for lack of love , I can tell ya that . chet that 's what I mean ... always look like you be just knock out in love ... be real nice to see . johnnie i’ll tell ya though , it 's comin’ up to the time when marietta and I might just set up house together and settle down ... I think that timeus comin’ up right soon . but like you say , everything realtive . fade out : CUT to : 91 . ext . HOTEL brazil - new orlean - day lula wait just by the lobby door of the hotel . in the back of the lobby in the shadow be a ancient , old black man who stare at she . sailor pull the t- Bird up in front of the hotel and lula hurry out to he and toss they suitcase in the backseat . lula letus get outta here ... I suddenly get a funny feelin’ about this place . feelin’ all that voodoo ... sailor ( wink at she ) gotta hex from a voodoo ? lula ( smile ) who do ? sailor you do . they laugh and take off around the corner and up past the Cafe du monde . lula oh my God ... it 's johnnie ... duck down !... get goin ! sailor ( look around frantically ) where ? lula never mind where ... get outta here ... I mean it , sailor . sailor I ’m goin . sailor pull the car up fast and hang a right turn . CUT to : 92 . int . cafe du monde - day johnnie smile as he watch sailor and lula turn the corner . johnnie ( to himself ) ai n’t love wonderful ?... waitress what 's that ? johnnie I say , ain’t love wonderful ? johnnie raise he cup of coffee to sailor and lula - who have long since disappear . johnnie good luck to you kid . CUT to : 93 . ext . CITY STREET - new orlean - day sailor and lula drive . lula you think he see we ? sailor who know , baby ? lula he be sittin’ there havin’ a beignet at the Cafe du monde . do you think he see we ? sailor lula , darlin’ ... make no difference anyway ... we’re outta here . we watch the car disappear up the street . slowly the camera pan and Reggie and Drop shadow come walk happily along the sidewalk - whistling . CUT to : 94 . int . thunderbird lula and sailor be motor along . sailor sweetheart , keep you panty up . we’re in Jimmy swaggart country . sailor and lula both laugh . up ahead , sailor spot a hitchhiker . he slow to pick he up . lula sure you wanna do this ? might be a way they could track we . sailor he’s just a regular guy’t need help , honey . look at he . the hitchhiker be a man about thirty with a pack on he back , and he be carry a large , cover cardboard box . he be filthy , with a uneven smile that expose he jag yellow tooth . lula open the door for he , and after he load he stuff , sailor take off down the highway . roach thanks a lot . I be standin’ out there off and on for two hour , ha-ha ! since noon about , ha-ha ! cop catch ya hitchin’ on a interstate around here they throw ya on a county road crew for a week , less you can pay the ticket , ha-ha ! which I ain’t get , ha-ha ! sailor my nameus sailor , and this here’s lula . what 's yours ? roach marvin deloach . but ever’body call I roach , ha-ha ! roach deloach , ha-ha ! lula you always make that strange little funny laugh when you talk ? roach ai n’t laughin’ , ha-ha ! sailor what you get in the box ? roach my dog , ha-ha ! roach slide the top off and tilt the box slightly toward the front . Inside be six small husky pup that be not more than two week old . roach I ’m head to Alaska , ha-ha ! this dog be gonna be my sled team , ha-ha ! lula ( to sailor ) this guy crazy . sailor where you from , roach ? roach if you mean where I be bear , it be belzoni , missi’ppi , ha-ha ! but I be bring up in baton rouge . lula why you goin to Alaska ? and where’d you get they puppy ? they look sick . roach stare down into the box at the baby husky and stroke each of they twice with a religiously unwash hand . the dog whimper and lick he dirty finger . roach I see this movie on tv , ha-ha ! the call of the Wild . I be n’t never see snow , ha-ha ! I get this dog at the pound . nobody want ’em , ha-ha ! ever’body here get theirself pit bull or some kinda hound . I ’m gonna feed this boy good so they’ll be big and powerful and they can pull I real fast through the snow , ha-ha ! roach pull a piece of raw cow' liver out of one of he pocket of he field jacket and begin rip little bit off it and feed they to the dog . lula ( screech as she see this ) sailor ! stop ! stop the car now ! sailor pull off the road onto the shoulder of the highway and stop . lula open she door and jump out . lula I ’m sorry , but I can n’t take this . roach , or whatever you name be , you come out of there with they dog this instant ! roach stick the liver back in he pocket and pull he pack and the box of tiny canine after he . once he and he belonging be deposit on the roadside , lula hop back in the car and slam the door . lula I ’m truly sorry ? I ’m truly sorry , roach . but ain’t gonna make it to Alaska ? least not any part of the way with we . you’d best find a party to take care of that dog proper , before they all die ? and , if you do n’t mind my say so ? you could most certainly use some serious lookin’ after yourself , startin’ with a bath ! lula take a pair of sunglass off the dashboard and put they on . lula drive . sailor take off . sailor you do n’t feel you be a little hard on the guy , honey ? lula I know you’re thinkin’ that I get more’n some of my mama in I ? well , I could n’t help it . sailor , I really couldn’t . I ’m sorry for that guy , but when he pull that drippine hunk of awful- smellin’ meat out of he pocket ? I near barf . and they poor disease puppy ! sailor ( laugh ) just part of life on the road , peanut . lula do I a favor , sailor ? do n’t pick up no more hitcher , okay ? CUT to : 95 . int . inez' fais - dodo bar - new orlean - night / 95a . int . fortune house - marietta’s bedroom - night johnnie be seat in a telephone booth at the back of the bar . johnnie no , marietta , I have n’t find ’em . marietta this be the kinda mistake can take a hindu’s lifetime to unfix ... you better get a move on , johnnie , before that boy get she holdin’ down a Memphis streetcorner and shootin’ dope up she arm . we see Reggie and Drop shadow enter the bar . reggieds unsmile eye drift across the room until they see johnnie in the booth . he stare coldly and wait . Drop shadow adjust he sock . johnnie really , marietta , you get more scenario swimmin’ around in you brain than Carter get pill . try to take it easy . go over to myrtle Beach for a few day . marietta I ’m stayin’ right here by the phone until you find lula , then I ’m comin’ to get she . you call soonus you get somethin’ , even if it 's three in the a.m . johnnie I will , marietta . Goodbye now . johnnie hang up the phone and exit the booth . as he cross the bar ... reggie ( shouting ) hola ! senor farragut ! we meet again . johnnie go over to Reggie and Drop shadow and shake hand . johnnie I think you two be in Austin , Texas . or take - we , as they say in this part . drop shadow we be . now Mr. San pedro sula and I be on we way back to utila , in the morning . reggie would you like to enjoy a martini with we ? johnnie why not ? how be the fishin’ ? reggie I think they be too serious , this american fisherman . in honduras , we be not so concerned with the method . Reggie order martinis for the three of they . johnnie so , it 's back to the island . drop shadow yes . Mr. San pedro sula speak yesterday to he son , Archibald Leach San pedro sula , who be name after cary grant , and he tell they there be a shoot . reggie teddy Roosevelt , one of the local shrimp boat captain be in jail now . this people be friend of mine , so I must return and find out what happen . johnnie this island of yours sound like a kind of unpredictable place . reggie ( laugh ) it have its moment of uncertainty . drop shadow but how be you find New Orleans , senor farragut ? johnnie call I johnnie ... N.O. have always be a good town to sit around in . reggie I can tell you be a intelligent man , johnnie . one difference between you country and mine be that in the island , it do not pay to reveal oneus intelligence ... other may use what they perceive against we ... Reggie raise he glass to johnnies . reggie hasta siempre . johnnie hasta siempre . reggie do you know how it come about that copper wire be invent in Scotland ? johnnie how's that ? drop shadow two scotsman be fight over a penny . johnnie finish off he martini . johnnie I gotta admit , you guy be ( slide off the stool ) two in four dozen . reggie the real joke be we never go fishing , but we’re still fishing . johnnie squint he eye think about this one . Reggie and Drop shadow smile and stand to leave . CUT to : 96 . int . thunderbird - street of nunez - night lula and sailor cruise the dark street . lula I would n’t mind a little night life . how about you ? sailor hard to tell what 's shakin in a place like this , honey . you do n’t want to be walkin’ in the wrong door . lula maybe there 's a place we could hear some music . I feel like dancin’ . we could ask someone . 97 . ext . red devil gas station - night sailor spot a Red Devil gas station that still have its light on and pull the car over . sailor someone up here might know somethin’ . two skinny , pimply - face guy , buck and billy , wear dirty coverall walk over to they . buck Gas ? sailor get enough , thanks . we’re lookin’ for a place have some music , where we can maybe do some dancin’ - get somethin’ to eat , too . anything like that around here ? billy cornbread . they get western . buck no food , though , ucept bar nibble . lula slide over in the front seat and lean across to sailor . lula how about speed metal ? the kid look worried and take a step back . lula any kinda rock’n’roll , honey . billy there 's a boogie joint just about a mile straight out lafitte here . but that 's a black place mostly . buck mostly black though in that boogie place . sailor what 's the name of it ? buck Club Zanzibar . sailor you say it 's straight ahead a mile ? buck about . where lafitte cross over galvez highway . State Road 86 . sailor thanks . sailor and lula drive off . Buck and billy go back inside the Red Devil station . guess who be over the corner clean nut and bolt with a toothbrush and gasoline ... it 's DELL ! CUT to : 98 . ext . club zanzibar - night the Club Zanzibar sit in the darkness on the leave hand side of the road . a string of multi-color light be hang over the front . sailor park the thunderbird across from the club and cut the engine . sailor you ready for this ? lula we’ll find out in a hurry . CUT to : 99 . int . club zanzibar - night when they walk in , the band be play a slow blue and three or four couple be sway on the dance floor . there be a dozen table and a long bar in the room which be do up in a strange dark azquatic motif . eight of the table be occupy and six or seven men stand at the bar . everyone in the place be black except for one white woman who be sit alone at a table smoking a cigarette and drink Pearl straight from the bottle . the atmosphere be not friendly , but lula take sailor by the arm . lula come on . they step up to the bar and order two Lone Star beer . the bartender , a tall , heavyset man slowly form he hand into '' the bird . '' he hold he hand that way while he speak ... bartender zanzibar this be a friendly place , son . you folk just relax and have a nice time . lula ( bound and determine not to be intimidate ) you get yourself a deal . bartender ( to sailor ) that 's a real jacket ... by that , I mean a real stupid jacket . sailor this be a snakeskin jacket , and for I it represent a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom . bartender fuckin’ honky cracker mumbo jumbo . the bartender move on down the bar . lula and sailor take a small table near the door . lula I ’ll be damned if I ’m leavin’ . that band be too good ? sailor uh huh . lula you notice that woman when we come in ? the white woman sittin’ by herself ? sailor yeah . lula well , she ain’t talk to nobody and ain’t nobody speak to she that I could tell . what you make of that ? sailor honey , we bein’ stranger here and all , this be the kinda place we do n’t want to make nothin’ of nothin’ . lula you think sheus pretty ? sailor look at the woman . she light a new cigarette off a butt , then squash the butt in the ashtray . she be thirty year old , maybe more . shoulder - length , bleach blonde hair , black at the root . clear skin , green eye . Long , straight nose with a small bump on it . she be wear a low - cut lavender dress that would have emphasize she breast have she not be so flat-chest . slender . sailor I tend to like ’em with a little more meat on the bone . face ain’t bad , though . lula get quiet and suck on she beer bottle . sailor what 's wrong , sweetheart ? somethin’ botherine you ? lula mama . I be thinkin’ about she . she 's prob’ly worried to death by now . sailor more’n likely . lula I want to call she and tell she I ’m okay . that we’re okay . sailor I ain’t so sure it 's a great idea , but that 's up to you . just do n’t tell she where we be . lula ( to bartender ) pardon I ? y’all get a phone here I can use ? bartender zanzibar can n’t you read ? lula ( see the sign - then to sailor ) back in a bit . she kiss he on the nose and walk back through a dark little door to the payphone . CUT to : 100 . int . fortune house - bedroom - night / 101 . int . club zanzibar - payphone - night marietta answer the telephone on the second ring . operator I have a collect call from lula fortune . will you accept ? marietta of course ! lula ? where be you ? you all right ? lula I ’m fine , mama . I just want to tell you not to worry . marietta why , how could I not worry ? not knowind what 's happenine to you or where you be ? be you with that boy ? lula if you mean sailor , mama , yes I be . marietta be you comin’ back here soon , lula ? I need you here . lula need I for what , mama ? I ’m perfectly fine , and safe , too . marietta you in a dance hall or somethin’ ? I can hear music behind you . lula just a place . marietta really , lula , this ain’t right ! lula right ?! mama , be it right for you to sic johnnie farragut on we ? how could you do that ? marietta do you run into johnnie in New Orleans ? lula , be you in New Orleans ? lula no , mama , I ’m in Mexico , and we’re about to get on a airplane to Argentina ! marietta Argentina ! lula , you’re outta you mind . now you just tell I where you be and I ’ll come for you . I will n’t say nothin’ to the police about sailor , I promise . he can do what he want , I do n’t care . lula mama , I ’m hangin’ up this phone now . marietta no , baby , do n’t ! can I send you somethin’ ? you runnin’ low on money ? i’ll wire you some money if you tell I where you be . lula I ain’t that dumb , mama . sailor and I be on a crime spree ? knockin’ off convenience store all across the south ? ai n’t you read about it ? marietta be cry . marietta lula ? I love you , baby . I just want you to be all right . lula I be all right , mama . that 's why I call , to let you know . I gotta go . marietta call I again soon ? i’ll be waitin’ by the phone . lula do n’t be crazy , mama . take care of yourself . lula hang up . marietta hang up and begin pace the livingroom floor . CUT to : 102 . int . club zanzibar - night sailor and the bleach blonde in the lavender dress be together on the dance floor . lula see they , go over to the bar , pick up a beer bottle and throw it at sailor . the bottle bounce hard off he back and clang to the floor , bounce but not break . sailor turn around fast and look at lula . everybody else in the place be still . 103 . ext . club zanzibar - night lula run out . sailor follow . sailor find she sit on the ground , lean against the passenger side of the thunderbird . lulaus eye be red and wet but she be n’t cry . sailor kneel down next to she . sailor I be just wastin’ time , peanut , till you come back . lula it 's I who' wastin’ time , sailor , bein’ with you . sailor honey , I ’m sorry . it be n’t nothin’ . come on and get up and we’ll take off . lula leave I be for a minute ? mama get all insane and then I see you practice you individuality and personal freedom with some oil - town tramp . how you figure I ’m gonna feel ? sailor told you not to call you mama . sailor stand and lean against the hood of the car until lula get up and climb inside . he wrap he snakeskin jacket around she and start the car . lula kiss sailor on the cheek , put she head down sideways on he lap and go to sleep . sailor drive . CUT to : 104 . int . fortune house - marietta’s bedroom - night marietta pace , but then go back to the phone . she dial a number and get a answer machine . marietta Santos ... if you get this message , call I right away . it 's marietta ... I do n’t know , Santos ... maybe this be all not ... call I . she hang up . she dial another number . it answer . marietta johnnie ! at last ! I think you be never gonna come back to you room . CUT to : 105 . int . fortune house - marietta’s bedroom - night ? 106 . int . johnnieq HOTEL room - maison violette - new orlean johnnie I get some news , marietta . lula and sailor be here . they check out of the Hotel Brazil on frechman Street yesterday . marietta listen , johnnie , lula just call I . she know you be in N.O. , so they leave the city . johnnie do she tell you where she be callin’ from ? marietta no , but my guess be they’re head west , so prob’ly Texas . they money must be runnin’ low . I do n’t think sailor have much to begin with , if any , and lula take the six hundred she have save in the Cherokee thrift . johnnie how’d she sound ? be she doin’ okay ? marietta could she be doin’ okay , johnnie ? she 's tryind to prove somethin’ to I , that 's all . lula ain’t doin’ no more’n showind off , defyin’ I ... ( stifles a sob ) johnnie , I ’ve do somethin’ bad ... johnnie what ? marietta I will n’t tell you over the phone . I ’m comin’ to N.O. and I ’ll tell you then . johnnie marietta , I be just gonna leave and see if I could pick up they trail . marietta no , you wait right there for I ... i’ll be on the piedmont flight tomorrow at seven . meet I at the airport . johnnie I ’ll meet you , marietta , if that 's what you want , but I ’m against it . marietta Seven tomorrow evenin’ . se can eat at galatoire’s . fix it . marietta hang up . CUT to : 107 . ext . shell station - houston - day sailor and lula be in a Shell station just outside of Houston . sailor be fill the thunderbird with regular . a old man sit near the pump listen to the radio play a sad big band tune . lula start to slowly snap she finger to the beat and the old man give she a beautiful smile . lula ( smile and snap she finger ) how much we get leave , honey ? sailor under a hundred . lula you want to stick around here , sailor ? see if we can get some work ? sailor not in Houston . we’d be better off in some place more out of the way . lula you want I to drive for a stretch ? give you a chance to rest . sailor that’d be good , lula . sailor kiss she and climb into the back seat and lay down . lula slide behind the wheel and light up a more . she wink goodbye to the old man and wheel the car out towards the big beyond . CUT to : 108 . int . TEXAS highway - day the reception get bad on the big band tune and lula start turn the dial . up come a nationwide call - in talk show and she leave it there . artie mayer , the radio host talk to he caller . artie ( with a gruff Brooklyn accent ) come in , Montgomery , Alabama . caller # 1 ( elderly sounding woman ) artie ? that you , artie ? artie yes , ma’am . what 's on you almost - perfect mind this evening ? caller # 1 how ya feelin’ , artie ? I hear you be n’t doin’ too well recent . artie I ’m fine , thank you . I have a cardiac infarction but I ’m on a new diet and exercise regularly . I ’ve never feel better . caller # 1 well , that 's so good to hear , artie . you know some of we depend on you down this way . you’re so entertainin and you get so many interestin’ guest . artie thank you . it 's listener such as yourself who make I want to get up out of that hospital bed and back into the studio as fast as I could . lula ( attack the dial ) Jesus ! how could anyone listen to this crap ? lula take a puff of she more and toss it out the window and start turn the radio dial - find a news station . reporter ( news station ) ... live in exchange for sexual favor . Police say they have identify and question at least four girl , all asian twelve to fifteen year old , who have be live in the North Houston warehouse with a vietnamese pimp since February . the girl be be treat as victim , say police sergeant amo milburn . '' this be really just child , '' he say , ‘but they ’ve be expose to a lot already . lula ( light another cigarette ) I ’ll bet . reporter in international news , India plan to release crocodile in the gange , the holy hindu river in which million of people bathe annually , to scavenge for corpse , authority say . CUT to : 108a . murky water with dead body floating a crocodile suddenly break the surface of the water with a rotted human corpse clutch in its mighty jaw . reporter ( voice - over ) the reptile be suppose to be of a docile species , say a senior government official , but it seem the breeder bungle and rear attack crocodile . CUT to : 109 . int . thunderbird - highway to san ANTONIO - day lula damn ! reporter the indian official who supply this information do so only on condition of anonymity . the uttar pradesh state authority last October release five hundred turtles ... CUT to : 108b . murky water with dead body floating a giant turtle break the surface of the water clutching a rotted human corpse in its mighty jaw . reporter ( voice-over ) in the gange near Varanasi to try and reduce human pollution and now plan to put in the crocodile to devour floatin’ corpse dumped by hindus too poor to pay for cremation . CUT to : 110 . int . thunderbird - highway to san ANTONIO - day lula holy shit !! it’s the night of the livin '' fuckin '' dead !!!! sailor jump awake in fright as lula yank the car off the road and bring it to a screeching halt in the middle of the desert . sailor what 's that , peanut ? lula I can n’t take no more of this radio ... ( switch it off ) I ain’t never hear so much concentrate weirdness in my life , sailor ripley , you find I some dancin’ music right this minute ... I mean it !! sailor start spin the dial . lula ( still craze ) the world 's gettinu worse , I think , sailor . and it do n’t sound like there 's much we can do about it , neither . sailor this be n’t news , sweetheart . I hate to tell ya . suddenly sailor find a station - the station - and he and lula look at each other in disbelief ... sailor powermad !!! sailor turn it up full blast and he and lula dance hard until they disappear in the dust . CUT to : 111 . int . maison violette - lobby - new orlean - night marietta and johnnie be stand at the registration desk - talk to the HOTEL manager . manager here 's you key . Mr. farragut’s already take care of everything . I hope you’ll be comfortable , Mrs. fortune . you’re in room 351 right down the hall from Mr. farragut . the desk clerk step in from a room behind the registration desk . desk clerk I have a phone call for you , Mrs. fortune ... at the phone by the fireplace . please wait for it to ring . marietta look at johnnie . she go to the phone and pick it up when it ring . marietta yes ?... CUT to : 112 . int . HOTEL room - new orlean - night marcello Santos sit on the edge of he bed hold the telephone . santos I get you message ... but you go right to johnnie , do n’t you ?... I can n’t trust you , bitch - not for one minute ... naughty girl ... sailor and lula be head west , and guess what ? there 's no turn back . I ’m in a kill mood . marietta no ... santos my very best to johnnie ... bless he soul . he hang up the phone . CUT to : 113 . int . maison violette - lobby - new orlean - night johnnie enter as marietta hang up the phone - cover she fear . johnnie who be that ?... who know' you here ? marietta I ’ll be damned if that be n’t a wrong number ? CUT to : 114 . int . mr. reindeerus private dine room - new orlean - night upstair in a private dining room , Mr. reindeer be dining with twelve guest in formal evening attire . behind he , a jazz trio and a striptease artist be hard at work . Mr. reindeer smile and lean over very close to a beautiful woman sit to he leave . mr. reindeer Little miss muffet sit on a tuffet , eat she curd and whey ... along come a spider and sit down beside she , and extend he hand out to play . with this , he reach under the table between she leg . she turn red and Mr. reindeer laugh and light a cigarette . mr. reindeer oh dear ... another miss dull cunt . Reggie and Drop shadow enter through a door on the other side of the room . Reggie catch Mr. reindeerus eye and smile . Reggie reach in he pocket and take out a silver dollar - flip it in the air - catch it - and put it back in he pocket . Mr. reindeer smile and wave he over to the table . he whisper something in reggieds ear - then give he a envelope . mr. reindeer when I give you the silver dollar I forget to give you the content of this envelope . they be to be return . show it just before the deed ... Reggie pocket the envelope - join Drop shadow - and as they be leave the dining room , they join a woman , juana , who look half - Oriental , half - cajun . she wear a strange , short , yellowish - bleach blonde wig . CUT to : 115 . int . galatoire’s restaurant - night they go downstairs together . at the bottom of the stair , Reggie and Drop shadow catch sight of johnnie who be sit in the back of the restaurant have dinner with marietta . when johnnie see the two of they he wave , but at the same time get a chill up he spine . marietta what be it , johnnie ? johnnie just some guy I meet here ... I keep seein’ ’em ... ( look back at marietta ) now tell I ... marietta continue to stare at Reggie , Drop shadow , and juana before turn back to johnnie . she also feel the fear . marietta johnnie , I can n’t tell you , honey . be there anyway we can get on the road tonight ? we ’ve get to find they kid . johnnie somethin’ be upsettin’ you bad last night , and you want to tell I and I figure you want to tell I sous I could help ... marietta I do , honey , but that be last night ... letus just find that two kid before it 's too late . johnnie honey , I have to ask you this ... be Santos involved in any of this ? marietta Hell no , baby ... I wouldn’ta do that without tellin’ you . johnnie that bastard pucinski ... marietta who ?... uncle pooch ?... johnnie yeah ... the one that introduce Santos to you and clyde . marietta johnnie ... that 's the past ... we gotta get on to we future , sugar ! johnnie ( smile ) all I have to do be grab my suitcase , and I ’m ready . you’re lucky cause I happen to love night drivind . marietta letus head for Texas and see if we can pick up the trail . johnnie do I tell ya it 's great to see ya again ? marietta this ’bout the fifth time ? CUT to : 116 . int . maison violette - stairway and hallway - new orlean - night johnnie and marietta climb together to the second floor and johnnie take marietta to she room . marietta ( as she enter she room ) I ’ll pack my thing and meet you downstairs . johnnie and to think what coulda happen in that king-size bed tonight ... marietta ( pinching he cheek ) you will n’t of miss much . johnnie see ya downstairs . CUT to : 116a . maison violette - johnnieq room - night johnnie smile and head up to he room . he open the door and step inside . wham !! johnnie be knock in the head with a heavy metal pipe and he go down hard . a large dark figure grab on to he and pull he to a open window and lower he into the back of a pick -up . the dark figure follow out the window . dissolve to : 117 . int . maison violette - lobby - new orlean - night marietta be sit in the lobby try to hold herself together - half - sobbing . the manager approach and sit next to she . manager I ’m afraid he car be go , Mrs. fortune . marietta I do n’t understand this ... I do n’t understand this one bit . he be suppose to meet I right she in this lobby . somethin’ bad have happen - I jus know it . manager perhaps we should call a local law enforcement officer . marietta hell no !!! that 's the last thing we need ... a buncha cop runnin’ around . the front desk clerk step from behind he desk and hurry into the lobby . desk clerk I ’m sorry ... but I have overlook this . I ’m truly sorry , ma’am . he hand marietta a note inside a envelope which she open and read immediately . we see the note . note go fishing with a friend - maybe buffalo hunt . johnnie . marietta oh God ! what do that mean ? manager I ’m sure I would n’t know , ma’am ... and buffalo hunt too ... hmmmmm ? marietta and jus when my baby out on some Texas road with a killer . the front door of the hotel open and in walk Santos . he seem to know exactly where marietta be and step to the door of the sit room off the lobby . he stand in the doorway and smile at marietta . marietta ( horrify whisper ) Santos ... where 's j-j-johnnie ? santos shhhhhh ... ( to the manager and desk clerk ) thank you , gentleman ... i’ll look after she now ... the manager and desk clerk bow to marietta and Santos and go back through the lobby . Santos walk over to marietta . marietta stand . marietta Santos ... what 's happenine here ? santos hey ... stop the nervous cry-baby routine ... you’re my girl now ... Santos be gonna wipe away that tear and make you happy ... come on , letus get outta here . marietta where we goin ? santos get word the kid be move through Texas ... I think a end be be arrange there ... come on , lemme see a smile . marietta please Santos ... where 's johnnie ? CUT to : 118 . ext . SMALL hut - deserted bayou - night Light come from one small dirty window . CUT to : 119 . int . SMALL hut - deserted bayou - night johnnie be tie to a small wooden straight - back chair . his mouth be gag and tape shut . his hair be cake with dry blood and one fresh tickle curl down he forehead to he eye which be just now beginning to open and focus . juana be finish tie he leave ankle to the chair leg . johnnie moan and juana bring she big , smile face up in front of he . juana johnnie , you take a good look at I , baby , cause you gonna haf’ta watch close to know when we do it to ya ... y’all count when I touch the bottle - ho !!... ( she slap johnnie hard across the face ) there I slap that mutha fucka face - pay attention fucka - otherwise we haf’ta work it all night ... too much fun for we - you see what I mean ? now watch I how I touch a bottle and you count how many time . juana step two pace across the hut where two dirty old soda bottle sit - one in one corner perch on a dry tree trunk - the other in the opposite corner perch on a old fence post . juana touch the leave bottle ( # 1 ) once , and cross and touch the right bottle ( # 2 ) once and come back and touch johnnies face . juana you see , johnnie . I toucha number one bottle once , I toucha number two bottle once , and I touch you face . this be a game we love to play . I get hot already ... now you meet second Mr. killer ... do he fish or do n’t he ? Reggie and Drop shadow step out of the darkness behind johnnie and come around to face he . reggie hey , johnnie ... Reggie - you remember Reggie , do n’t ya ? look what I catch . ( to juana ) I ’m gettinu hot too , mama . Reggie and juana kiss hot in front of johnnie . juana put she face down in front of johnnies again . juana now johnnie ... we want to feel the feelin’ ... feel the feelin’ ... we be gettinu up close to you , mutha fucka , then we go out away ... no’ mally we touch two bottle - both bottle b’fore comin’ back and touchin’ you ... this mean you okay of awhile ... if we go out away , and we touch only one bottle b’fore comin’ back and touchin’ you - you gonna hear a click from a gun b’hind you and then it 's gonna be bout ten second ... remember that number ten - then that 's when the end come ... what end I talk ’bout johnnie ? - I talk about the end , fucka - that head will go every part’a this room ... I talk ’bout no mo johnnie ... I think you understand now - we play game . reggie ( from behind johnnie ) I can n’t stop she , johnnie ... she getus I too hot doin’ this ... I ’m gonna be right here , but I ’m gonna stand right behind ya with this big ol’ gun here ... Reggie reach he hand around in front of johnnie - show he a .45 Automatic . drop shadow that 's a Marine issue . it go off somethin’ terrible - you wanna see ? Drop shadow pull the hammer back which make a loud “click . '' juana you hear click ? johnnie jump as Drop shadow blow a big hole in the far wall in front of johnnie . reggie ( laugh ) Hell , it 's even worse than I remember ... wait a minute ... Reggie come out in front of johnnie - juana grab he . they kiss hot again . juana okay , gimmee ’nother kiss , Reggie b’fore I fuck ya right now ... fuckin '' hot now , reggie . ( she open she mouth with she tongue stick out ) fuckin '' hot ! juana scream like a monster from hell come up close to johnnies face . juana you think you gonna live through this night ?... you wrong ... I smell yo shit now , johnnie . give US one mo kiss , reggie . oh fuck I !!! we touch bottle now - fo we can’t wait no mo . Reggie go back behind johnnie quick . juana I go out now ... I toucha one bottle ... Reggie ... I toucha two bottle ... I come back , I touch johnnie ... ahhhhh ... I touch myself ... ( she put she hand between she leg ) ha !... now I go out - I toucha one bottle ... do I touch second bottle ?... I go now and touch ... oh oh ... okay ... this time I toucha second bottle ... I go back , I touch johnnie ... then I go back - I kiss Reggie with big gun ... oh God , Reggie do get two big gun ... hah !!!... I go out now ... so fuckin '' hot now , maybe too fuckin '' hot now , fucka . I toucha one bottle ... do I go touch a second bottle ?... huh ? - I do this time touch second bottle - I run back touch johnnie - touch reggie with tongue - touch myse’f in hot fuckin '' pussy - go out now ... now I go round and round you ahhhh - go out and touch a number one bottle - wait now !!! ... reggie ... you show now - Reggie reach he hand around johnnies face - tear off tape and gag - then open he hand and show johnnie a cufflink with a particular design in turquoise , orange , and silver . reggie I forget to show you this . the gentleman that give this to I say you'd recognize it . Said he want it’d be ’bout the last thing you ever see in this life . johnnie ( recognize cufflink ) oh God ... oh GOD ... Santos ... oh God marietta ... be you in on this ?... oh GOD !!! juana I go round and round - do I touch a second bottle b’fore I touch johnnie - do I ? do I ???......... ( very quietly and breathy ) no ... I touch johnnie . as she finger touch johnnies face there be a loud '' click .” johnnie moan and close he eye . juana ( count fast ) one ... two ... three ... four ... five ... gettin '' too fuckin '' hot , reggie ... feelin '' myse’f ... six ... seven ... eight ... johnnie start to scream and violently try to move out of he chair . juana nine ... ( she move out of the way ) fuck I now , reggie ... ten !!! we see a hole in the front of the barrel - boom !!! the opposite wall and bottle get cover with blood . juana and Reggie race into each otherus arm and kiss right above johnnies dead , bloody head . juana fuck I !!!! CUT to : 120 . int . thunderbird - two lane TEXAS farm road - night lula and sailor be drive through the dark desert . lula sure be a big deal round here ... alamo Road , alamo Street , alamo Square , alamo buildin’ , alamo alamo . they ain’t forgettin’ about it in a hurry . that 's the thing ’bout memory ? some thing you wish you could forget ... what 's troublin’ you , sugar ? sailor you know , lula , I never tell you what all I be doin’ before I meet you . lula I just figure you be out bein’ Mr. cool ... sailor not exactly , sugar ... one reason we’re in all the trouble we’re in right now be cause of what I be doin’ ... I try to tell you this before ... lula you’re scarin’ I , baby . sailor well , there 's a good side as well as a bad side to it ... the good side be I know you daddy , and I think clyde be a good ol’ guy ... lula you know my daddy ? sailor yes I do ... I sure do ... the bad side of it be I do some drivind for a man name marcello Santos ... lula oh shit ... sailor I quit workin’ for ’im , but just before I do , I end up one night at a house ... I do n’t know what it be they all think I see that night , but I be just sittin’ out in the car till the whole place go up in flame . lula God , sailor ... that 's the night my daddy die . sailor I know , sugar ... but while the place be burnin’ ... before Santos come out - I pitch some rock at the second floor window case anyone be upstairs sleepin’ ... afterwards ... when I meet you , I always like to think I mighta save you life . lula that 's some big secret you be carryind , sailor . sailor we all get a secret side , baby . hope you do n’t think I be lyin’ to you ’bout other thing , sugar . lula how’d you know my daddy ? sail0r met he through Santos ... clyde - you daddy - have some sorta business deal with Santos . lula stay quiet for a moment - listen to the heavy hum of the V - 8 . sailor lula , you there ? lula yeah , I ’m here . sailor you upset with I ? lula no , sailor darlin’ . just shockin’ sometimes when thing aren’t the way you think they be ... I be carryind a secret too ... CUT to : 121 . int . fortune house - livingroom / upstair hallway / bedroom - night the livingroom be on fire . the livingroom be on fire and we move upstairs - lula race through the smoke- fill hallway to she motherus bedroom . the livingroom be on fire and lula throw open the door to she motherus bedroom just in time to see marcello Santos leave through a window . her mother laugh a wild , crazy laugh - exactly the same laugh lula hear on the porch of the cape fear Hotel . lula ( voice -over ) that night in the fire while my daddy be dyin’ ... I see mama up in she room with Santos ... CUT to : 122 . int . thunderbird - two lane TEXAS farm road - night lula ... they be laughin’ arm in arm like animal . sailor I do n’t want to say it ... but I have a feelin’ Santos be up to somethin’ with you mama ... lula ( quietly ) my mama ... ( after a pause - she smile ) so sailor , we history have be somewhat intertwined . sailor they have , sugar . lula I take that as a sign that we be destine by fate to be together . sailor it 's a comfortin’ idea . lula well , we’re really out in the middle of it now , ain’t we ? sailor there 's worse place , honey . lula if you say so . sailor trust I on it . lula ( turn to he ) I do trust you , sailor . like I ain’t never trust nobody before . sailor ( after a moment ) we’ll be al’right , peanut , long as we’ve get room to move . lula ( look into the highway ) what 's that ? sailor I do n’t know ... look like clothes . sailor start to slow down . the highway be suddenly litter with clothes strewn everywhere and two open suitcase smashed near the side of the road . sailor slow down to a crawl . he and lula turn to each other - they’ve just see two dead body . one close to the side of the highway - and other just off in the desert brush . off behind be a overturn car . lula oh God , sailor . sailor one bad car accident ... lula sailor !!! come out of the darkness be a young girl , she clothes half tear off - blood drain out of several deep wound . lula sailor , what be we gonna do ? sailor I do n’t know , honey , but we gotta help that girl - get she to a town and hope no one catch on I break parole . they get out of the car and the girl come toward they scream . girl ( completely go in shock ) I ’ve get about five hundred dollar in my wallet and I can n’t find it ... my motherus go to kill I . it 's get all my card in it ... it be in my pocket ... now my pocket go . my purse be gone !!! now she tell I . the girl start walk back toward the car . sailor letus get ahold a’ she quick . lula you think sheus gonna make it ? sailor do n’t know , but sheus gonna bleed all over we car , I ’ll tell ya that ... ( to girl ) hey ... hello ... girl ... you gotta come with we , honey . sailor reach out cautiously and take hold of the girlusl arm . girl owww GOD !!! leave I alone ... ROBERT !!!... shit , I get this damn sticky stuff in my hair ... she keep digging she finger into a bloody wound in she head . girl gotta find my wallet . ( to sailor ) do n’t you say one word of this to my mother . God , sheus gonna kill I . the girl fall to one knee and struggle to get back up . sailor and lula each take a arm and try to help she . girl where’s my hairbrush ?... sailor and lula help the girl stand , but she eye start roll back and a bunch of fresh blood come gush up out of she mouth . lula I can n’t take this , sailor . she 's dyin’ right in front of we eye ... sailor I ’m afraid she be , baby . sailor kneel down next to the girl and run he hand gently across she forehead . girl ( wide - eye now ) get my lipstick ... ( whisper ) it 's in my purse . the girl die . sailor and lula hold real still for a moment . lula start to cry . lula she die right in front of I . why’d she have to go and do that , sailor ? sailor letus get outta here , honey . before get up , sailor let he hand come off the girlusl forehead down over she eye - close they . he put he hand on she cheek then get up . he put he arm around lula and they go back to she car . sailor help lula in on she side and close the door for she . he go around , get in and look over at lula , who break down cry harder . sailor start the car and take off . fade out : fade in : 123 . int . thunderbird - big tuna - morning the thunderbird drive past a large stucco fish on a rock stand which have a sign on it that say '' big tuna , TEXAS . '' sailor cruise the t- Bird along the main street of Big tuna , eye-balling the place . sailor well , it ain’t exactly emerald City ... lula not quite as bad as the weather though ... it must be a hundred and ten and it ain’t even noon yet . 123a . ext . iguana motel - morning sailor pull the car up in front of the iguana Motel . sailor this’ll do . CUT to : 124 . int . iguana motel - day the room be simple : double bed , dresser , mirror , chair , sink , toilet , bathtub ( no shower ) , electric fan , window overlook the street . sailor not bad for eleven dollar a day . lula no radio or tv ... she strip off the spread , toss it in a corner and sit down on the bed . lula and no ac . sailor fan work . lula now what ? sailor letus get a sandwich and find out about some work . lula sailor ? sailor yeah ? lula this ain’t exactly my most thrillin’ notion of startin’ a new life . they stare at each other . lula suddenly feel sick to she stomach and slump down on the edge of the bed . lula I ’m gonna stay here in this room , sailor . I do n’t feel so good ? this heat make I tired . sailor okay , honey , I ’ll see you later . CUT to : 125 . ext . redus garage - day a tall , skinny man , red , in he early thirty with wild , uncomb hair the color of pomegranate , walk out of the garage . sailor you Red ? red ( with a smile ) well , I ain’t blackie . sailor hold out he right hand to shake . sailor nameq sailor ripley . Katy over at the drugstore think you might have some work I could do . Red extend he oil - blacken right hand and shake . red thing ain’t real hot right now . rex , there though , ( nodd toward a half - naked man burrow under a '' 83 buick ) be about to relocate in about a week to San angelo . I might could use a man when he do ... you good with engine ? sailor I ain’t no enzo Ferrari , but they use to call I wrench when I be a kid . red we’ll see how she go then when rex take off . check back . two man , sparky and buddy , both about forty , walk up to Red . one of they wear a grey baseball cap with a confederate flag on it and the other have a LBJ straw stetson . sparky how's it look ? red reckon the head’s crack , like I think . sparky shit , that 's what I be afraid of . red I ’ll get you foreigner a beer . buddy ( to sailor ) I ’m buddy , and this here’s sparky . sailor introduce himself to sparky and buddy and rex . they all shake hand or nod and move out of the sun to drink they beer . sailor my girl and I be lookin’ for a place to settle . we’re bunk down at the iguana Motel . sparky so be we . it 's the only motel in Big tuna . have you meet Bobby '' just like the country '' Peru yet ? sailor no , we just get in a hour and a half ago . buddy you will . he’s the Mr. fix - it at the iguana . his truck break down here a couple of month ago . rex escape con . man get some serious prison tattoo . red ever’body get a past . buddy just some get more future in ’em than other . rex that ain’t no lie . sailor finish he beer , stand it on the ground and step on it , crush it flat . sailor be nice meetin’ y’all . '' preciate the beer . i’ll be seein’ y’all soon . buddy very soon . sparky one thing about bein’ in Big tuna : you do n’t have much choice about who you see and who you do n’t . CUT to : 126 . ext . iguana bank - day the temperature on the tower read '' one hundre twelve . '' CUT to : 127 . int . iguana motel - day in front of the door there be a large , damp spot on the rug where about a hundred and fifty fly be buzzing and landing . sailor see this when he open the door . he step across the large spot and find lula just waking up on the bed . lula that you , sail , honey ? sailor the only one . lula open she eye and look at he . lula you find any work ? sailor maybe . met a guy name Red , own a garage , could have some work in about a week . met a few hard luck boy who' stayin’ here . what 's that smell ? lula I barf . try to make it to the bathroom ... turned out it be the wrong door anyways ... I sorta get it clean up . sailor you sick ? lula a little , I think ... darlin’ ? sailor yeah ? lula come sit by I . sailor go over and sit on the bed . lula I do n’t know that this be the right place for we . sailor stroke lulaus head . sailor it ain’t gonna be forever , peanut . lula close she eye . lula I know , sailor . nothin’ be . CUT to : 128 . ext . sky over big tuna - evening the darken evening sky be fill with fly monkey . CUT to : 129 . int . iguana motel - courtyard - night sailor , lula , sparky , and buddy be sit in the courtyard of the motel share sparky 's fifth of ezra brook . a electric bug killer be work overtime . buddy be read from a newspaper . buddy ( read from paper ) '' Robert brenton , twenty -five , be kill when he car go off the road on State highway 118 , accord to the Department of Public Safety . brenton and two passenger , William reese and Susan Day , be throw from the automobile , report say .” sailor look at lula . sailor Susan Day ... the assistant manager , tommy thompson , speak from the shadow behind the group . tommy Robert brenton , that dumb fuck . that stupid shit ... that fuckin’ Bob be so fuckin’ dumb ... he deserve to die ... that asshole . they all look over at Tommy . buddy hey , Tommy ... what 's goin on over there in number four where al they bright light be all the time ? tommy they be makin’ a pornographic movie ... Texas style ... why ? you wanna join in ? sparky how do you get sixteen haitian into a Dixie Cup ? lula how ? sparky tell ’em it float . buddy sparky 's big on Florida joke . sparky you need a active sense of humor to survive in the Big tuna . bobby peru walk in and come over . bobby hey , everybody . buddy sailor , lula , this here’s the man himself . Bobby , this be sailor and lula , the most recent strandee , economic variety . Bobby nod to lula and offer a hand to sailor . bobby Bobby Peru , just like the country . sparky and buddy laugh . buddy accordin’ to Red and rex , bobby the most excitin item to hit Big tuna since the '' 86 cyclone shear the roof off the high school . sparky only in town two month and there ain’t a young thing around do n’t know how that cobra tattoo work , right , Bob ? Bobby laugh . he have a lopsided grin that expose only three brownish front tooth and he have flat black eye that seem to reflect no light . lula you from Texas , Mr. Peru ? Bobby pull up a chair and pour himself a shotglass full of whiskey . bobby I ’m from all over . sailor ( notice a usmc tattoo on bobby right hand ) you be in the Marines , huh ? Bobby look down at he hand , flex it . bobby four year . sparky Bobby be at cao Ben . lula what 's cao Ben ? bobby ( to lula ) how old be you ? lula twenty . buddy lotta woman and kid and old people die at cao Ben . bobby March , 1968 . we torch a village and the government make a big deal out of it . Bobby sip the whiskey and close he eye for several second before reopening they and look at buddy . his eye open slowly and they practically burn a hole in buddy . bobby ( to buddy ) you be on a ship , pardner . hard to make contact with the people when you’re off floatin’ in the Gulf of tonkin . sparky ( change the subject ) hey Bobby , have yourself another glass ’a Jack . sparky refill bobby shotglass . Bobby toss it back in one gulp . bobby do n’t mind if I fuckin’ do ... speakin’ ’a Jack ... one -ey jack yearnin’ to go a peepin’ in a seafood store ... good meetin’ you . adios , boy . he walk out and after heus go ... lula somethin’ in that man scare I . buddy no shit . sparky ( pour himself another shot ) bobby get a way ... can n’t shake that institution odor . lula put a hand on sailorus leg . lula darlin’ , I still ain’t feelin’ so well . I ’m goin to bed . sailor I ’ll come along . they say goodnight to sparky and buddy and head for they room . CUT to : 130 . int . iguana motel - sailor and lula room - night sailor man , that barf smell do n’t fade fast . lula go right to the bed and flop down on it . sailor anything I can do for you ? lula no , I do n’t think so , sail . I just need to lie down . lula listen to sailor brush he tooth , urinate into the toilet and flush it . sailor come out of the bathroom and climb into bed . lula sailor ? you know what ? sailor I know you ain’t particularly pleased bein’ here . lula not that . look at what I write down cause I can n’t say it . lula hand sailor a note which read '' I ’m pregnant . '' sailor look into she eye . sailor it 's okay by I , peanut . lula well , nothin’ personal , but I be n’t sure it 's okay by I . sailor crumple the note and put it in the ashtray . lula really , sailor , it ain’t nothin’ against you . I love you . sailor Love you , too . lula I know . just I ’m sorta uncomfortable about the way some thing be goin , and this do n’t help soothe I . sailor I know this ain’t easy , lula , but I ain’t gonna let thing get no worse , I promise . cu of lula set fire to the pregnant note in the ashtray . dissolve to : 131 . int . iguana motel - sailor and lula room - day cu of fly on vomit stain . there be a knock on the door which wake lula from she nap . she open the door . Bobby Peru stand outside . bobby hey , pretty woman ... sailor here ? lula no , heus out changin’ the oil in the car . bobby man , I gotta take a piss bad ... can I use you head there ? lula well ... yeah - okay . bobby I do n’t mean you head head - I ’m not gonna piss on you head - you hair an’ all ... just piss in the toilet . y’all take a listen - here a deep sound comin’ down from Bobby Peru . Bobby enter the bathroom and start to urinate . CUT to : 132 . ext . perdita durangous house - day sailor pull the t- Bird up front and hurry up to the screen door . fly be buzzing all around . perdita durango come forward out of the darkness inside . perdita ( recognize he ) oh ... look at this ... what do you want , snakeskin ? sailor just passin’ through on my way to who know where ... perdita sure ... I figure i’d see you sometime ... sailor hopin’ you could tell I if there 's a contract out on I . I really need to know . perdita by who ? sailor I think Santos or marietta fortune . perdita Heard you be goin out with that bitch daughter . sailor you hear right . perdita you really be one dumb asshole . sailor life be unpredictable . perdita do that girlfriend of yours know that she mama and Santos kill she daddy ? ( sailor do n’t answer - perdita smile ) do she know she own daddy be one of the biggest drug dealer around - till he start snortin’ the shit himself ?... ( sailor do n’t answer ) do she know you be around that night she daddy be set fire to ? sailor I do n’t see nothin’ ... perdita yeah ... but I do ... and I tell you all about it ... sailor be there a contract ?... we make a deal once that we’d tip each other off if we ever hear . perdita I know ... I remember . sailor well ?... perdita I ain’t hear of nothin’ . sailor thanks ... sailor go back to he car and take off . CUT to : 133 . int . inguana motel - sailor and lula room - day Bobby be pace around the room . bobby hey ... you gotta smell in this room of puke ... you be pukin in here , little girl ? huh ?... you sick ?... pregnant ? lula ( flinch ) you use the toilet , now you can go - what I do around here ain’t any of you business , that 's for sure . bobby you know , I really do like a woman with tit like yours that talk tough and act like she can fuck like a bunny ... can you fuck like that ?... you like it like a bunny ?... huh ?... Cause baby , I ’ll fuck you like a real good like a big ol’ jack - rabbit bunny ... jump all around in that hole ... Bobby Peru do n’t come up for air . lula get out . bobby be I scarin’ ya ?... you pussy wet ? ... come on ... be it ?... ( move he hand toward she ) hey , do n’t jump back so slow ... I think you be a bunny ... Bunny jump fast - you jump back slow ... mean somethin’ , do n’t it ?... means somethin’ to I ... means you want Bobby Peru ... you want Bobby Peru to fuck you hard baby - open you up like a Christmas present . suddenly Bobby jump back , shake he head and straighten he hair . bobby hey ... I ’m sorry ... I do n’t think I ’m bein’ too polite here ... and I apologize ... Hell ... a man see a pretty woman and first thing he know , he lose he manners ... sure sign of modern time ... next thing ya know , he old hand’ll start crawlin’ around where it oughtn’t to go ... I ’ll be real honest with ya ... i’d like to fuck you and tear you open like a paycheck envelope ... will you be honest with I - would you like I to do it ?... just a simple yes or no ... he step a little closer to she . bobby just feel I breathin’ on you ... and you’ll know I mean business when it come to fuckin’ . with all the strength she can muster , lula slap Bobby across the face . lula get out !!! Bobby grab on to she hard . bobby Bobby Peru grab you now ... hold you tight ... feel everythin’ in you now ... stay quiet ... say “fuck mak and then I ’ll leave . lula ( struggle ) no way ... get out !!! bobby say it !... i’ll tear you fuckin '' heart out , girl ... say “fuck mak soft - then I ’ll leave . say “fuck me”... whisper it ... then I ’ll leave ... say it ... say it - say it - say it ... Bobby move in very close to she - lulaus tremble . Bobby put he hand on she neck and move it up and down behind she ear . bobby say it ... then I ’ll leave ... whisper it ... whisper it ... whisper it ... whisper “fuck me”... his hand move down over she breast - down across she stomach - and down . lulaus leave hand open and spread wide . bobby whisper it ... whisper “fuck me”... whisper ... whisper ... whisper ... whisper ... lula ( whisper ) fuck I . bobby someday honey , I will ... but I have to be goin now ... conta i no jora ... Bobby leave smile and slam the door . lula stand tremble click she heel together . lula ( whisper ) sailor ... CUT to : 134 . ext . iguana motel - afternoon sailor be just about finish change the oil in the thunderbird when Bobby Peru pull up in the maroon eldo . bobby need a hand ? sailor thanks , Bobby , ’bout do . sailor throw some stuff in the trunk and close the lid . bobby how ’bout a beer ? sailor that’d be fine , Bobby . bobby letus go by rosarita’s . you be there yet ? sailor no , have n’t hear of it . bobby think maybe sparky and buddy’d take ya . come on , I ’ll drive . 134a . int . eldorado - big tuna - day they get into the cadillac and Bobby take off down Big tuna’s main drag . sailor this you car ? bobby ( laugh ) Hell , no , belong to my girlusl sister . the sister be over to New Orleans , let we have it while sheus go . where 's that pretty little lady of yours today ? sailor restin’ in we room . she ain’t be feelin’ well . bobby sorry to hear it . sailor New Orleans , huh ?... we be just there . CUT to : 135 . ext . rosarita’s - day Bobby park the eldo in among half a dozen pick - up truck . bobby use to be this be a mobil . man convert it into a private club and name it after he wife . she leave he and he shot himself . the wife own it now . CUT to : 136 . int . rosarita’s - day they enter a long , dark room where a dozen men , most of they wear cowboy hat , sit on stool at a bar drink beer out of frost mug . bobby no hard liquor here . just beer . they claim two stool . bobby couple star , Jimmy . the bartender bring over two bottle and two mug - then walk back to the other end of the bar . sailor think you say this be a private club . how come I ’m allow in without bein’ a member ? bobby you black ? sailor no . bobby you a indian ? sailor no . bobby then you’re a member ... Three or four millionaire in here right now . sailor ( look around ) they look like a bunch of good ol’ boy to I . I guess it 's oil money , huh ? bobby oil , gas , cattle , farmin’ . ai n’t nobody show off around here . iguana County 's one of the richest in Texas . sailor wouldn’ta guess it , that 's sure . bobby ready for another ? sailor why not ? dissolve to : later Bobby return from the jukebox and sit down next to sailor . bobby q -7 , three time . pee wee king '' waltz of regret , '' my favorite tune . pee wee' steel guitar ripple through the cigarette haze and buzze around sailorus head . his reflection wobble in the long mirror behind the bar . bobby I be studyind a situation over in lobo , take two man to handle it . sailor what 's that ? bobby feed store keep up to five k in they safe . need I a good boy for back - up . even split . you interested ? sailor stare at Bobby and work hard to focus he eye . sailor no ... I do n’t think so , man . bobby be easy , sailor . there 's two employee . I take one in the back to open the safe , you keep the other’n cover ... you ain’t plannin’ on raisin’ a fam’ly in Big tuna , be ya ? sailor ( on the alert ) whattaya mean family ? bobby ( smile ) well ... I mean like lula bein’ in a family way . sailor ( a tinge of jealousy / fear ) lula tell you sheus pregnant ? Bobby grin , show that three brown tooth . bobby couple grand or more’d give you two a leg up . get you to the west coast , Mexico , most anyplace , with a few dollar in you jeans . I get it figure good , sailor . sailor when do you talk to lula ? bobby talk to she this afternoon ... while you be out . sailor she really say she be pregnant ? bobby ( smile - put a hand on sailorus shoulder ) just take a guess be all ... you in or out on this deal ? sailor ( look at bobby hand on he shoulder ) I ain’t fuckin’ sure , Bobby . bobby do n’t think about it too long . ( nod toward sailorus mug ) you have enough ? sailor ( finish he beer ) have now . bobby come on outside , I get somethin’ to show ya . 136a . ext . roarita’s - late afternoon / evening Bobby look around in the purple twilight before he open the trunk of the eldorado . he peel back a brown army blanket . bobby that 's a double - barrel , saw - off , ithaca shotgun with a carve pistol grip stock wrap with adhesive tape . next to it 's a cold Smith and wesson .32 handgun with a six inch barrel . these’ll do ’er ... loosen up that five grand ... two and a half for you and the little lady ... Bobby close the trunk . sailor stand - hesitate to commit . bobby how much money you have between the two a’ya right now ?... sailor forty buck ... bobby this be easy money , pardner ... no one gonna get hurt in this thing ... and I do n’t think you can afford not to take it ... i’ll be bringin’ the eldo ’round the front of the motel at ten tomorrow mornin’ ... if you ain’t a pussy - you’ll be there . sailor stare at he and he fist clenches . sailor I do n’t particularly care for that kind of talk , Bobby . bobby hey ... I never say you be a pussy ... always figure you have the big ol’ round ball for this kind’a thing ... sure would set you and that pretty little girl up good . sailor yeah ... yeah ... I guess so ... that kind’a money’d get we a long way down that yellow brick road ... Bobby cock he head and squint at he questioningly . sailor ... but damn man ... this better go smooth . bobby like takin’ candy from a fuckin’ baby ... CUT to : 137 . int . iguana motel - sailor and lula room - night sailor bend over the bed and kiss lulaus hair above she leave ear . lula you be drinkin’ , huh ? sailor few beer be all . feelin’ any better ? lula roll onto she back . lula can n’t tell yet . where’d you go ? sailor that smell still fillin’ this room good . lula buddy and sparky come by earlier . sailor ( look right into she eye ) and Bobby too , I hear ... lula ( can n’t look at he ) yeah ... he be lookin’ for you . sailor you talk to ’im some ?... lula some ... sparky say redus promise to have he and buddy out of here by the weekend . sailor oughta make ’em happy . lula so where’d you say you be ? sailor ( can n’t look at she ) go with Bobby . sailor sit on the bed and start undress . lula sail ? sailor uh huh ? lula letus leave here . sailor we’re goin to , lula , real soon . lula I mean tomorrow . sailor we get about forty buck , sweetheart . that’d get we to El paso . lula Rather be in El paso than Big tuna . sailor get into bed . sailor you should n’t be smokin’ if you’re pregnant . ai n’t smart . lula stick a more between she lip and light it . she take a deep drag , blow out the smoke , and stare at sailor . lula who say I ’m smart ? you up to somethin’ with Bobby Peru , sailor ? sailor what could I be up to , lula ? lula he 's a stone fuckin’ criminal , honey , and you ain’t . sailor I kill Bob Ray lemon , do n’t I ? lula that be a accident . I bet both we ass Bobby Peru do murder all kind of people , and mean it , too . sailor that be in Vietnam . lula he’s the kind like it . sailor lula , I get to get some sleep . lula buddy tell I about that thing at cao Ben ? sailor what ? lula be a massacre . Soldiers there murder old folk , woman and baby , and dumped ’em in a trench . Bobby Peru prob’ly kill the most . sailor lula , he mighta do , I do n’t know . but it do n’t matter now . lotta guy go outta control in a war and it ain’t they fault . lula puff hard on she cigarette . lula I sure enjoy smokin’ , sailor . I hate that it 's bad for you . sailor turn on he side , away from lula , and pull a pillow over he head . lula that manus a black angel , sailor . you hook up with he , you’ll regret it . if you live to . S ailor thanks , darlin’ , I know you get my best interest in mind , and I ’preciate it sincerely . I love you , but I gotta sleep now . lula light a second more off the first one and stub out the butt on the dresser top . lula this whole world wild at heart and weird on top . lula turn over , away from sailor . lula ( softly ) I wish you really , truly love I ... I wish you'd sing I '' Love I tender” ... I wish I be somewhere over that rainbow ... shit . shit , shit , shit . cu of sailorus eye - he remember . CUT to : 138 . int . BAY ST . CLEMENT HOTEL - staircase - night sailor and lula be walk down the carpete stair when sailor be call by bob ray lemon , who be come down towards they fast . marietta stand at the top - watch . bob ray hey sailor ... wait a minute ... I get somethin’ for ya . as Bob Ray pass lula on the stair - he put he hand between she leg . sailor start to see red . Bob Ray smile and step down to sailor . he lean in and whisper in sailorus ear . bob ray shit , man ... marietta say you be tryind to fuck she in the toilet for the past ten minute ... you crazy fuckin’ bad boy tryind to fuck you girlusl mama ... how do you think that cute little cunt lula would feel about that ? hey , take a look at this ... ( show sailor one thousand dollar in cash ) marietta just give I this to kill you right now , and afterward she say lula be mine to fuck all the way into next Sunday . Bob Ray pull a knife , but sailorus fist be already halfway through Bob ray' brain . from there , sailor step firmly into the crazy zone . amidst blood - curdle hysterical scream from a grow throng of southern bell , sailor start take Bob Ray apart limb by limb and do n’t stop until Bob Ray lay completely destroy and completely dead at the foot of the stair . the crowd of formally dress onlooker stand aghast . sailor stare up at marietta . both they eye burn with hate . CUT to : 139 . int . iguana motel - sailor and lula room - night sailor be drip with sweat . his tooth be clench tight and he fist violently grip the sheet , as if any minute he could tear the bed apart . CUT to : 140 . int . perdita durangous house - night Bobby let the screen door bang shut behind he as he come in and roam around the livingroom . perdita Nice of you to drop by . bobby told ya I would . you still rile ? perdita ( laugh ) you still screwing sixteen - year-old in the ass ? Bobby keep circle . bobby ai n’t never have no girl pull a blade on I . perdita wish i’d fuckin’ cut you up good . bobby you hear from Reggie ? perdita juana call . they’re stayin’ another week . Bobby stop walk and stare at the photograph on the wall . bobby stayin’ a few extra day in the big N.O. , huh ? this you ? perdita turn she head and look , then turn back . perdita yes . we see the photo now . in it be perdita along with she sister , juana , and she husband , Reggie , whom we recognize as the killer of johnnie . bobby do n’t look like you . Bobby turn around and lean down and put he face next to perdita’s from behind . bobby the cobras waitin’ to strike , chica . perdita that guy sailor come around this afternoon ... ask I if there be a contract out on ’im . bobby ( laugh out loud ) no shit ?!?! you know he ? perdita use to . bobby what’d you say ? perdita no , of course . Bobby take out a silver dollar and flip it into the air . it land tail up in he hand . he pocket it . bobby that 's right ... could have a bad accident , though ... before ... durin’ ... or after a hold - up ... perdita what 's gonna happen when he see I drivind the car tomorrow ? bobby maybe he’ll get a little nervous , but who give a shit ? Bobby lower he hand into the front of perdita’s blouse and cup she breast . she burn the back of he leave wrist with she cigarette . Bobby jump back , then grab perdita’s hair and pull she over the couch onto the floor . neither of they speak . she try to stand , but Bobby keep he right foot on she chest while he blow the back of he wounded wrist . perdita shove he leg to one side and roll away . she stand up and spit at he . bobby ( grin ) I know we could be friend again ... CUT to : 141 . int . iguana motel - day lula lay very still on the bed . her head be close to the small turquoise radio on the bedside table . she be listen to a piece of sad , nostalgic music and as we move in closer to she and the radio - the volume increase . lula remember some umoment '' in she life with sailor : ( Music continue over ) when he kiss she outside the jail gate . when he touch she breast the day after he get out of jail . when they sit behind the confederate soldier . when they dance to '' slaughter House .” suddenly , lula see a image in she mind that she do not recognize . she see a abstract image of reflect light with two eye look through it at she . the image puzzle she . ( the Music continue over ) CUT to : 142 . ext . iguana motel - day the big eldorado pull up in front of the iguana Motel where sailor have be wait in the hot sun . Bobby open the door . bobby jump in back . sailor crawl in the back seat and see perdita just as she floor it and they take off in a cloud of dust . 142a . int . eldorado - big tuna - day sailor what 's she doin’ here ? bobby sheus my girl ... she 's drivind ... that bother you ? sailor why should it ? bobby that 's right ... take one of this . sailor what be it ? bobby panty hose . work betterun stockind . pull one of the leg down over you face and let the other leg trail behind you head . you get the pistol . ( hand he the .32 ) remember , soon as we get inside , you keep that bad boy up where that hick can see it . once they notice the ithaca and the Smith , they’ll know we ain’t foolin’ with ’em . perdita comin’ up on it now , Bobby . CUT to : 143 . ext . ramo feed store - day Bobby slip the panty hose over he head and adjust it . his face look crooked and distort . bobby ( frightening whisper ) come on ! get that mask on ! sailor rip open the package and pull a nylon leg over he head , stretch the calf part to fit . perdita pull up in front of the store . the street be desert . bobby keep it revve , chiquita . we will n’t be long . just goin in to get we five grand . CUT to : 144 . int . ramo feed store - front office - day Bobby and sailor enter the feed store . Bobby raise he saw - off shotgun and point it at the two old men behind the counter . bobby into the back room , both of you , now !!! Bobby and the two man head down the hall into the back room . bobby ( call back to sailor ) if anyone come in , herd ’em back here quick . CUT to : 145 . ext . ramo feed store - day suddenly , a iguana County deputy sheriff cruise up in a patrol car and park it on angle in front of the idling eldo . the deputy get out of he car and walk over to the driverss side of the eldorado . deputy waitin’ for somebody , miss ? perdita mi esposo . he’s in the feed store pick up some supplies . deputy you’d best be careful of that cigarette , ma’am . it 's about to burn down between you finger . perdita stub out she marlboro in the ashtray . perdita gracias , officer . CUT to : 146 . int . ramo feed store - front office - day the two old guy have they hand in the air and be move back behind the counter . Bobby be just finish tie off a bag of money . sailor be by the front door hold he pistol on the two old guy . when Bobby finish tie the money bag - he lift the shotgun and blow a hole through the chest of one of the old man . sailor go into shock . sailor bobby !!!! stop it , man !!! CUT to : 147 . ext . ramo feed store - day reacting to the shot , perdita jam the gear shift into reverse and peel out , knock the deputy down . CUT to : 148 . int . ramo feed store - front office - day sailor turn he pistol on Bobby now . Bobby spin he shotgun around and point it at sailor . bobby you’re next , fucker . the second old man be reach under the counter . sailor fire he .32 at Bobby . there be no live bullet in he pistol . it just make a dry click . Bobby smile and be just about to kill sailor when out of the corner of he eye he catch sight of the second old man bring out a big shotgun of he own . Bobby instinctively spin and empty the second barrel of he two - barrel shotgun into the old gentleman . as Bobby be reloading fast , sailor sprint through the front door . Bobby be right behind he as he fly out the front door . 148a . ext . ramo feed store - day the deputy recover and come up on one knee with he revolver clasped in both hand . he fire he first shot into bobby thigh and he second into bobby leave hip . the shock of the initial slug cause Bobby to drop the bag . the impact of the second force bobby right hand to twist sideways to that both barrel of the shotgun wedge under he chin . the ithaca go off , blow Bobby backwards through the ramo on the plate glass window of the feed store . sailor hit the ground - lose the Smith as he fall . he put he hand over he hosiery head and keep he face in the dirt until the deputy order he to stand up . CUT to : 149 . int . iguana county courthouse - day lula be sit on a bench in the wait room of the iguana County courthouse Building when marietta and Santos walk in . as soon as she see lula , marietta run over , sit down next to she and hug and kiss she . marietta oh baby , I be beginnin to think I be never gonna see you again . tear be pour down marietta’s cheek . she hold lula to she and lula do not resist . lula just stare at Santos . marietta you’re comin’ home , precious . santos’ gonna drive we to the San Antonio airport . lula mama , sailorus in deep trouble here . I just can n’t leave he . marietta take lula by the shoulder and look straight at she . lulaus eye be bloodshot , she hair be greasy and stringy , and she cheek be pale . marietta oh , yes , you can . Santos step forward . lula begin to tremble . santos you mamak be real worried ’bout you , honey . I too ... can you give you old friend Santos a hug , too ? santos’ arm begin to go around lula . lula let out a blood-curdling scream and shake like a leaf on a tree . Santos grab she hard - in a bear hug . on one shirt cuff we see a cufflink which be turquoise , orange , and silver . CUT to : 150 . int . wall unit - day sailor lay on he jail bed read a letter from lula . lula ( voice - over ) dearest sailor darling , the first thing you’ll want to know be I ’m keep the baby . mama be n’t for it in the beginning but I think sheus look forward to it . I ’m gonna name it Pace no matter if it 's a boy or a girl . Pace ripley sound good , do n’t it ? it 's kind of hard to believe that Pace will be six year old when you get out . I feel like I ’m kind of in prison too , but I know in six month , it’ll be over and I ’ll have a son or daughter to show for it . we child !! I love you sailor . I do n’t know how much or what it mean though I miss you a awful bunch sometimes I know you’re think about I cause I can feel it . I miss you not be around to call I peanut nobody else ever call I that . mama marry Santos . it just about drive I crazy . my daddy leave a lot of money somehow and they’re spend it like there be no tomorrow . I ’m go to move out as soon as I can . mama and Santos say because of the baby they’re lookin’ at the two of we in a different light - whatever that mean . johnnie farragut have plumb disappear . no one know where . I miss he , but not near as much as I miss you . time do n’t really fly honey do it ? Love , you lula p.s. I miss dance ... CUT to : 151 . int . fortune house - day lula sit in she bedroom read a letter from sailor . sailor ( voice - over ) dear lula , it be fine with I about the baby as you already know . and Pace be you family name and all be just right . what about a middle name if it be a boy after my granddaddy roscoe ? he would be proud I know though he be long pass . Pace roscoe ripley do not sound so bad do you think ? this place be not so pretty as pee Dee . not pretty at all . there be boy inside this wall meaner than Peru you can bet . there be a death House . I be get along . the only thing be not think about the future . I miss dance with you , too . I love you . it be hard to end this letter . if I stop write you’re go . there be not a lot more to say though . vava con dio mis amor . sailor long fade out : CUT to : 152 . int . marietta fortune’s house - evening / 153 . int . lula fortune’s house - evening - ( six year later ) six year later ... lula stand in the live room hold a glass of ice water while talk on the telephone to she mother . marietta be wear a giant diamond ring on one hand and the other hand be hold a martini and Rossi sweet vermouth . marietta be slump over in a ottoman with wheel and be push she drunken self around the livingroom as she talk on the phone . lula I ’m goin , mama . no way I can n’t go . marietta you ain’t takin’ Pace , though . lula course I be , mama . marietta ( sigh ) what timeus sailorus train get in ? lula six . marietta get any plan ? lula figure we’ll go have supper someplace . maybe get some barbecue out by stateline . sailor always like that Havana brownus pig pickin’ . marietta well , you be careful with that boy , lula . lula sailor ain’t a boy no more , mama . marietta do n’t mean he . it 's Pace concern I . lula really , mama , I gotta go . marietta what if I ask you not to ? lula would n’t make any difference . marietta what if I tell you not to ? lula ( forcefully ) mama ... if you get in the way of I and sailorus happiness , I ’ll fuckin’ pull you arm out by the root . lula hang up and throw she glass of water at a picture of she mother - drain it . CUT to : 154 . int . lula car - evening pace roscoe fortune be a shy , polite , innocent six - year old who wear a long - bill fishing cap and pants with suspender . pace how’ll we know what he look like ? lula make a wide leave turn onto Jeff Davis highway without signal , cause the driver of a white bonneville head across the intersection to jam on he brake in order to avoid a collision . the bonneville driver sit on he horn and shout at lula . pace mama , you almost crash we . lula steady the steering wheel of she camaro with she leave elbow while she strike a match and light up a more . she throw the match out the window and take possession of the wheel with both hand , the cigarette be clamp in she tooth . lula do n’t give I no trouble now , Pace , please . this ain’t the easiest day in a long time . and what do you mean how be we gonna know what you daddy look like ? you see he photo . pace how’ll he know what we look like ? he see we photo ? lula puff furiously several time on she more before she take it out of she mouth and drop it . lula damn it , child ! now look what you make I do . pace what I make you do , mama ? lula feel around on the floor with one hand until she find the cigarette . siren can be hear up ahead . lula nothin’ , honey . ( stubbing it out in the ashtray ) mamak just actin’ strange . pace you ain’t actin’ , mama . lula why , Pace roscoe ripley , ain’t you get one cute mouth tonight ? they pass a automobile accident where a man have be throw into the curb - he head break open and bleed . the ambulance be just arrive . lula look away . CUT to : 155 . accident - evening a crazy man in a wheelchair be wheel up to the accident victim , who be bleed profusely and in a state of shock . the man in the wheelchair stare at he for a moment . wheelchair man hey man ... hey ... same fuckin’ thing happen to I last year ... CUT to : 156 . int . lula car - evening Pace look up at he mother . pace I still ain’t sure what my daddy look like . lula like you , sweetheart . you and you daddy get the same mouth , eye , ear , and nose . only difference be you color hair be like mine . pace my daddy ain’t never kill nobody , have he , mama ? lula course he ain’t never kill nobody . why’d you say that , Pace ? pace Heard grandpa Santos and grandmama talkin’ . lula and ? pace grandmama say how sailor murder a man . lula wrong , baby . you daddy never commit no murder . musta be you do n’t hear grandmama proper . he make some mistake , be all . you daddy ain’t always be so lucky ... we’re almost at the depot , honey . sit back a minute . CUT to : 157 . ext . train station - evening lula pull the camaro into in the station parking lot and kill the engine . pace why we sittin’ here , mama ? lula thinkin’ a second , baby . lula get out and go around for Pace . they hold hand as they walk toward the station . the big clock on the side of the building show ten minute past six . pace I ’m scared , mama . lula why , honey ? pace case daddy do n’t like I . what if he do n’t like that I do n’t get he color hair . lula Pace , you daddy’d love you even if you do n’t have no hair at all . CUT to : 158 . int . train station - evening lula see sailor as soon as she open the door . he be sit in a orange plastic chair against the opposite wall , smoking a cigarette . lula still partial to camel , huh ? sailor smile . sailor first pack of tailor- made I have in a while . he stand up and look down at Pace , who be still hold hand with lula . sailor put out he right hand . sailor you must be my son . lula shake hand with you daddy . Pace release lulaus hand and put he own in sailorus . sailor grip it gently but firmly , pump once , then let go . sailor pleasure to meet you , Pace . I read a lot about you . sailor look at lula . her eye be full of tear and she let they loose . sailor try to smile . lula you hungry ? Pace and I ain’t have dinner yet . sailor lead the way . sailor pick up he black metal suitcase and follow they to the car . CUT to : 159 . int . lula car - night lula drive . sailor no rag top , huh ? lula start to reply , then stop . she stare straight ahead , grip the wheel hard . suddenly , she pull over to the side of the road , turn off the engine and get out of the car . pace what 's wrong , mama ? sailor ( turn to Pace and patting he head ) do n’t worry , son . just stay here . sailor get out and go over to lula , who be lean back against the hood . lula I ’m sorry , sailor . I just can n’t help it . give I a minute and I ’ll quit . sailor boy frighten , lula . this ain’t no good . lula really , sail , I ’ll be okay . sailor it 's a mistake , honey . you two go on . i’ll walk back to the depot . lula what’re you talkin’ about ? that 's you son in there . sailor he ain’t never know I , lula , so there ain’t much for he to forget . not seein’ each other for six year make it next best to simple for we , too . lula how can you say that , sailor ? sailor what make sense , be all . sailor go around to the driverss side , reach in and pull the key out of the ignition . he unlock the trunk , remove he suitcase , and close the lid . lula do n’t do this , sailor , please . sailor slip the key in she shirt pocket and lean he head into the car . sailor ( to Pace ) oiga , amigo . if ever somethin’ do n’t feel right to you , remember what pancho say to the cisco kid ... '' let 's go , before we be dance at the end of a rope , without music . '' sailor stand up and look at lula . her eye makeup run in dark streak down she face . ecu of lulaus eye . her eye makeup run like black sweat over eye and down she cheek as in sailorus dream . sailor you be doin’ fine without I , peanut . there ain’t no need to make life tougher’n it have to be . he pick up he suitcase , kiss lula lightly on the lip and walk away . she let he go . CUT to : 160 . ext . CITY STREET - late afternoon / evening sailor walk down the street pretend hard not to care . CUT to : 161 . int . lula car - late afternoon / evening lula climb in behind the wheel - sobbing . Pace sit sadly , stare out the window . CUT to : 162 . ext . CITY STREET - late afternoon / evening sailor continue walk down the street . a gang of insane killer teenager on pcp appear and come towards sailor . they circle around he , come in closer for the kill . sailor what do you faggot want ? that 's all it take . the gang be on he . sailor try to defend himself , but one big punch to he nose send he down and out . blood begin to pour from he swell nose . 162a . ext . CITY STREET - late afternoon / evening cu of sailor’s face - a bright light illuminate it . in the sky above sailor , a large glow bubble hold the beautiful good witch of the North come float down above he . good witch sailor ripley ... sailorus eye suddenly see the good witch through he close eyelid . his mouth speak through close lip . sailor the good witch ... good witch sailor ... lula love you . sailor but I ’m a robber and a manslaughterer and I have n’t have any parental guidance . good witch she 's forgiven you of all this thing ... you love she ... do n’t be afraid , sailor . sailor but I ’m wild at heart . good witch if you be truly wild at heart , you’ll fight for you dream ... do n’t turn away from love , sailor ... do n’t turn away from love ... do n’t turn away from love . the good witch disappear . 162 . ext . CITY STREET - late afternoon / evening sailor open he eye and drag himself and he giant swollen nose up on he foot . the gang still stand around he . gang member you have enough , asshole ? sailor yes , I have ... and I wanna apologize to you gentleman for refer to you as homosexual . I also want to thank you fella , you’ve teach I a valuable lesson in life . ( lift he head high ) lula !!!! sailor turn around and start run back . the gang watch he go . CUT to : 163 . int . lula car - late afternoon / evening lula sit in the car in the middle of a giant traffic jam . she be still cry and horn be honk all around they . CUT to : 164 . ext . CITY STREET - late afternoon / evening sailor run up the street , hold he nose and scream lula name . he round a corner and spot she in the middle of a sea of car . he start run towards she - leaping from one car to another until he jump on the hood of lulaus car . she see he . sailor lula !!!! lula sailor !!!! lula wriggle out of the car and fly into he arm . behind they be a giant golden sunset . as they embrace - the sound of the horn go away . lulaus gaze go to a reflection of golden light on a windshield . it be the same abstract scene she see before in she room in Big tuna , but now she know what it be . it be paceus happy , smile eye look up at the two of they in love . sailor , with a giant blue nose , look into lulaus eye and sing '' Love I tender . '' the people in they car , and the people on the street look on with a feel of love and happiness in they heart . the end