" willow " Story by George Lucas screenplay by Bob dolman first draft third revision November 14 , 1986 ( c ) lfl 1986 lucasfilm lot . all rights reserved Act I fade in : ext .. nockmaar castle - day under gloomy sky a huge fortress loom on a volcanic mountainside . from within we hear the agonizing scream of a woman give birth . int .. nockmaar castle - day the scream continue as we move through the grim corri - dor of the castle toward stair lead down to a dungeon . int .. dungeon - day silhouett in sadow , three nockmaar minion stand guard . in a jail cell , sex fully pregnant women watch from behind iron bar . the scream stop . there 's a moment of silence . as we move into another jail cell we hear a slap and the first cry of a newborn baby . in the cell a black - robe druid watch intensely as ethna , a midwife , lean over the mother and wrap the baby in swaddle . druid be it a girl ? ethna it be a girl . druid show I its arm . ethna peel back the swaddle . on the baby 's arm be a small mark . druid it 's true then . I must tell Queen bavmorda . with great urgency the druid hurry up the dungeon stair . ethna gently place the baby on the mother 's breast . the mother comforst the baby lovingly until it stop cry . then she reach out and clasp the midwife 's wrist . mother ethna , please . help I . they be go to kill my baby . ethna nervously look out at the guard , then shake she head at the mother . ethna they will kill you . mother please save my baby . ethna hesitates . then decide . she quickly wrap to - gether some rag and give they to the mother . ethna pretend this be the child . mother thank you , ethna . thank you . the mother kiss she baby and hand it to ethna , who hide the baby inside the basket of rag . ethna car - ry the basket past the guard and up the stair . the mother lie back and sigh with relief . then she hear clinking bootstep and she eye widen with fear . queen bavmorda sweep down the dungeon stair , she black robe flow behind she . the druid hurry alongside . bavmorda we will start the ritual at dusk . you be certain this be the one ? druid it bear the marking . bavmorda I must see for myself ! just as the omen foretold ! the guard fearfully move aside as bavmorda enter the cell . bavmorda so. you * be * the one . mother yes . but nothing you can do will stop the prophecy . bavmorda this child will have no power over I .... bavmorda grab the rag away from the mother and anxi - ously tear they apart . bavmorda ( furiously ) where 's the baby ! one of the guard look up the stair . guard the midwife ! bavmorda fly into a rage . bavmorda find that baby ! use the dog ! sorsha ! two guard draw sword and charge upstairs . bavmorda grab the third guard and nod toward the mother . bavmorda kill she . bavmorda storm away with the druid . we see the shadow of the guard move over the terrify mother . War drum begin to beat out a alarm . ext . snowy mountainside - day title begin . the midwife hurry through swirl show , clutching the baby . ext . village - day nockmaar troops on horseback charge into a desolate village , drive ferocious death dog into hut , violently search for the baby . the oppress , poor villager be yank into the street . some of they be beat . one be kill . the midwife hide behind a hut , still hold the baby , then run away from the village . ext . grassland - day ethna trek across a open grass field . ext . wood - night she huddle by a fire , exhaust and hungry , she clothes filthy and tear , and she rock the cry baby . she hear dog howling in the distance . she clutches the baby , kick out the fire , and run . ext . ocean cliffside - day she scramble over rock on a windswept coastline . ext . forest - dawn ethna run desperately for she life . Chasing she be two vicious death dog . she scramble across a shallow river . she claw at rock and tear away stick and driftwood matte together with weed . into this she place the baby and set it afloat downstream . death dog bordak ! the dog lunge from the wood and splash across the river . the midwife claw she way up a steep bank , lur - ing the dog . as they attack she : midwife I do not have she ! no ! no ! she grab a stick and try to defend herself , thrash - ing at the snarling dog . from the baby 's view , as it float down the river , we see the dog kill the midwife beyond the distant tree . ext . downriver - day - montage the little raft of stick swirl precariously in the current . it glance off jutting rock , tumble over rapid , and scrape under overhange tree . ext . riverbank - day at last the raft catch in some week , almost dump the baby . title sequence end suddenly we hear rustling leave , possibly another death Dog . then we hear giggle . two child , ranon and mim , watch in amazement from the riverbank . ext . ufgood farm - day holding onto a plow , willow ufgood struggle behind a huge hog . from a heavy sack sling over he shoulder he toss seed . ranon dada ! we find something in the river ! Willow beam with joy as he son and daughter race to - ward he . they grab he sleeve and tug he away from he plow . willow I can not run off and play with you now . I have get work to do . ranon / mim but dada , you gotta see it ! hurry ! Willow drop he sack of seed . the ugly hog glare at he like a guilty conscience . the child squeal with excitement as they father run toward the river with they . ext . riverbank - day we see Willow from the baby 's view . his eye pop open . he quickly back he child away . willow back ! do not go near it . we do not know where it 's be . it could be disease . mim it 's a baby ! ranon it 's not a nelwyn baby . willow no , it 's too big to be a nelwyn baby . it look like a daikini ... mim ooh , it 's so cute ... willow mim ! get back here ! it might bite you . Willow drag mim away . then the baby start cry . ranon can not we keep it , dada ? willow absolutely not . burglekutt ufgood ! Willow ufgood ! Willow , in a sudden panic , see burglekutt in the dis - tance . he splashes into the river , grab the raft , plunk it on the bank and try to hush the cry baby . willow shhh , shhh ! it 's the prefect -- that 's all I need . mim , ranon , keep this thing hide ... ext . ufgood farm - day burglekutt 's beady eye spot Willow make a mad dash for he plow . swing he fat stomach , he angrily point he walk stick and go after he . kiaya Mr. burglekutt ! he have not do anything wrong ! Willow 's wife kiaya chase burglekutt across the field , she beautiful long hair flow behind she . Willow quickly get behind he plow like he 's be there all day . burglekutt ufgood ! what do you think you be do ! I tell the plant seed in this village . kiaya I tell he we do not steal it , wil - low . burglekutt furiously scoops a handful of seed out of Willow 's sack and shake they under Willow 's nose . burglekutt you have not pay you debt . where do you get this seed ? with pride , Willow put he arm around he wife . willow in the forest . my family 's be gather they since last fall . there 's no law against that , bur - glekutt . suddenly the child laugh in the distance . kiaya Willow ! you leave the child alone by the river ?? in alarm she run off before Willow can stop she . bur - glekutt sweep the horizon with he walk stick . burglekutt too late , ufgood . you will never get you plant do before the rain start . you be gonna lose this land . he raise the seed high above he head , then smashes they down at Willow 's boot . he waddle away toward two of he men who wait by the road . then : kiaya shriek from the river . burglekutt stop in he track and shake he head as if to say " the whole family 's crazy . " off he trudge . Willow watch and wait . then run as fast as he can to the river . ext . river - day kiaya cradle the baby in she arm . Willow run up , and with patriarchal authority , put he fist on he hip . willow absolutely , under no condition , be anyone in this family go to fall in love with that baby . they all fall in love as he speak . the child fol - low kiaya up on the bank , walk right past Willow . willow kiaya ! we can not keep that baby . mim , ranon . hey ! I will not be ignore ! ignore , Willow huff after they across he unplow field . int . ufgood house - day Willow nervously pace as kiaya pour water in a wood tub and the child entertain the naked baby with stick and brightly color cloth , apparatus for a magic trick . willow this be bad . if we be catch with that little daikini it will be the end of we . careful , ranon , I need that for the festival . ( indicate magic cloth ) kiaya , what be we go to do ? kiaya we be gonna give this baby a bath . the baby squeal with joy as kiaya lift she into the bath . willow burglekutt 's right . there 's not enough time to finish plow . we will lose everything and I will end up work in the mine . he shudder at the think . kiaya Willow , do you think we should take she to the Village Council ? willow no , no ! they will think it 's a bad omen . there will be a flood or a drought or a plague and everybody will blame I for it ! ranon look . what 's that ? Willow lean forward . on the baby 's shoulder be a small brand scar in a circular design . it only add to Willow 's fear . willow I do not know . this be trouble . I will talk to the High aldwin about it tomorrow at the Festival . the baby kick and splashes and giggle in the bath . ext . nelwyn village - day the raucous band play as nelwyns dance and celebrate amid broch and wheelhouse garland with flower . a crowd cheer wildly as miner battle farmer in a tug - of - war , finally yanking the farmer face - first into a puddle of mud . on a stage a harlequin dance delight - fully . while on a raise platform the five member of the village council sit and observe , mildly amused . the head councilman be burglekutt . the we see Willow on another stage . he flourish he colorful stick and cloth . in the audience we notice he friend meegosh , who wear a miner 's apron , root Willow on . willow and now ! for we final amazing bit of magic , I will make a entire pig completely disappear ! meegosh applaud as mim and ranon trot out lug a tiny baby pig in a crate . as Willow take the pig out it bite he hand and get away . Willow tackle and squash it . the crowd laugh and half of they leave , and meegosh cover he face . mim and ranon rapidly wave a bright blanket . Willow cleverly whip the pig under he leg and behind he back and suddenly it 's go ! impresse , the crowd gasp . then the pig squeal and dash through Willow 's leg and leap off the stage . crowd aaww ! booo ! sssss ! burglekutt and the Council shake they head as Willow , embarass , pick up he thing . meegosh trot up with the pig under he arm . willow meegosh , I be in trouble . meegosh hey , it be not that bad . you need a better pig , that 's all . but as they walk past the Village Council , and bur - glekutt sneer down at Willow , meegosh catch on . meegosh now burglekutt 's get you in the squeeze . soon you will be down in the mine like I . willow mining . I hate close - in space . that 's the last thing I would ever do . ( he shudder ) I gotta get my crop plant . meegosh you know I will help you as much as I can , Willow . the Village Council member stand up respectfully as the wise old high aldwin hobble through the ador crowd . mim and ranon rush up to Willow with several other child who be eat candy . mim dada , can we get treacle candy ? can we , can we ? please ? willow ( preoccupy ) meegosh , can you watch the chil - dren ? I gotta talk to the High aldwin . meegosh ( truly amaze ) the High aldwin ?? why ? but Willow have already wander into the crowd , leave meegosh with a dozen sugar - charge child and a pig . Willow desperately push past people and finally reach the High aldwin . willow Sir ! I have to talk to you . high aldwin not today , Willow . willow it 's a matter of great importance to I ! burglekutt stare angrily from he platform . slightly annoyed , the High aldwin stop and place he hand on Willow 's shoulder . high aldwin intuition , Willow -- remember ? I know you be eager to be my appren - tice , Willow . but today be the spring festival . suddenly a walk stick be point at Willow 's nose . burglekutt apprentice ? to the High aldwin !! Willow ufgood ??? his belly shake as he howl with laughter , encourage he councilman to join in . Willow shrink away , they - barass . then a terrify shriek shatter the festivity . Music stop and people grab they child and run for they life . a death dog rip a trail of destruction through the village . meegosh hold onto ranon and mim . but when mim see Willow she run right out into the open . Willow charge twoard she , tackle she and roll away from the beast 's claw . death dog bordak ! bordak ! a loud war cry distract the dog . vohnkar , the toughest warrior in the village , lead a charge army of miner and farmer wield shovel and pick . wil - low and meegosh grab stick . the nelwyn battle the death Dog . at last , vohnkar drive a spear through its chest and it die hideously . meegosh what be it look for ? a villager it say " bordak " ! what do it mean ? councilman ( scholarly ) baby ! it mean baby ! it be look - ing for somebody 's baby ! mother grab they child , people look around the wreck village in terror . there 's a haunt silence . mim mommy ? suddenly alarmed , Willow race towrd he distant farm , he child hurry behind . willow kiaya ! kiaya ! int . ufgood house - day Willow burst in and find kiaya calmly feed the baby . relieved , he throw he arm around she . willow we can not keep this baby , kiaya . we must take she to the Council . the child run in and they all huddle together , cher - ishing they precious life . int . council build - day argue villager pack the church - shape room to the open door at the back and into the balcony above . the councilman sit on a platform at the front , with the High aldwin seat in a special chair above they . tak - ing charge , burglekutt stand and pound the floor with he walk stick . burglekutt a evil beast from the outer world have invade we peaceful village , look for a baby ! this only add to the frenzy . a villager it 's a sign ! a omen ! another villager we crop will die ! burglekutt silence ! one beast we can kill . but there may be more ! and they will not give up they search till they have find what they be look for ! meegosh whose baby be it ! other villager who 's to blame for this ! amid the chaos the High aldwin slowly stand up . as if he sense something , he look over the crowd toward the back . at the back door , hold the baby , Willow try to push he way through the jostling crowd . the High aldwin raise he hand . it flash magically . he point as he speak : high aldwin Willow ufgood ! come before I ! the crowd stand apart as Willow walk the length of the room . kiaya and the child follow part way and then stand aside next to meegosh . burglekutt simmer as Willow approach the platform . high aldwin earlier today you try to tell I something , Willow . willow ( bow he head ) my family find this baby in the river , High aldwin . the crowd stir but the High aldwin silence they with a simple gesture . he gaze down at the baby mysteri - ously . high aldwin a daikini child ... ( he eye close ) ...of some importance , I feel ... burglekutt that 's what the beast want ! give it back ! the crowd rumble , many agree . willow they will kill she ! we can not let this baby die ! burglekutt what do we care ! burglekutt whip up the shouting crowd . the High aldwin raise he hand , feel the air above he . almost in a trance : high aldwin ...importance ...yes ... this child be special ... councilman what should we do ? instantly , the High aldwin drop he arm and open he eye . high aldwin this child must be take beyond the boundary of we village . all the way to the daikini crossroad . the room go silent . a villager who will do that ? several villager vohnkar ! vohnkar ! vohnkar the warrior elbow he way to the front and pound he chest once with he fist . high aldwin the outer world be dangerous and corrupt , vohnkar . and this baby be hunt by blood-hungry beast . be you willing to sacrifice you life ? brave vohnkar swallow and shift he weight doubtful - ly . vohnkar if I go , who will defend you if other beast attack ? the crowd rumble and shout , and vohnkar mop he brow and scuttle away from the platform . burglekutt he 's right ! it seem only fair that the man to take this baby to the crossroad ... ( walk stick up ) ...be the very man who pluck it ... ( walk stick down ) ... out of the river ! all eye turn to Willow . kiaya gasp and meegosh hold she back . willow I can not do it ! I have not put my crop in ! a councilman you cause this trouble . you find the baby ... you get rid of it ! burglekutt I nominate Willow ufgood ! the crowd cheer wildly . the High aldwin step forward to the edge of the platform . with a flourish he wave he arm . high aldwin I will consult the bone ! something rattles as he shake he cup hand . the crowd jump away . the High aldwin scatter small bone across the floor below he . he lean down and study the bone . Willow look at kiaya , who be worried and afraid . the High aldwin speak softly to he : high aldwin the bone tell I nothing . ( he eye Willow ) but I must make a decision . be there love in you heart for this child ? Willow hesitates . he look at the baby . willow yes . the High aldwin bolt straight up , broadcasting : high aldwin the bone have speak ! Willow ? the security of this village depend on you ! the people shout and cheer and applaud and begin to leave . kiaya and meegosh and the child push they way toward Willow , who stand there stare at the baby . int . ufgood house - night kiaya 's hair hang down she back in a long tight braid . near the fire she pack supplies into a travel sack . on the other side of the fire , Willow diaper the baby . the house be quiet . mim dada ? Willow set the baby down . he go around a opne wall a sit on he daughter 's bed , straighten she blank - ets and toy . mim watch out for brownie , dada . willow I will , mim . goodnight . he smile and kiss she . then cross over to ranon 's bed . ranon dada , what 's a daikini ? willow daikinis be giant people who live far far away . ranon be you scared ? Willow shrug . ranon sit up in bed . ranon I could be you rguard ! I could carry you spear ! willow ( smile ) what a great son you be , ranon . I wish I could take you with I . now go to sleep ... ranon slide down under he blanket . Willow kiss he , look at he a moment , then quietly withdraw to - ward the fire . ext . sacred hill - sunrise the silhouette of a distant hill with druid stone on top . carry the baby , Willow climb the hill with he fami - ly . he wear a papoose rig , supply pack , and a dagger . he hand the baby to kiaya , then walk through the tower stone . the High aldwin solemnly look out at the distant forest . high aldwin now , you know where you be go ? ( Willow shake he head ) down there , through that tree , follow the river . you will know the crossroad by a big daikini struc - ture . Willow , this be serious business . do not waste any time , the outer world be no place for a nelwyn . give the baby to the first daikini you see , then hurry home as fast as you can . willow if I be not strong enough to be you apprentice , how can I do this ? high aldwin you be strong enough . but you be go to need courage , Willow . willow I do not want courage . I do not want to be a warrior . all I have ever want be to do magic , real magic , like you ! high aldwin Real magic , Willow , be simply the art of control the reality of other . you lack faith in you - self . you must learn to trust you intuition . the High aldwin pick up a rock . with intense concen - tration he squeeze it in he outstretch hand . then throw it in the air . it change into a bird and fly away . high aldwin go in the direction the bird be fly . willow ( amaze ) oh , if I could do that I would -- I would turn burglekutt into a toad ! high aldwin waste magic on revenge ? you have much to learn , Willow ... the High aldwin touch Willow 's shoulder and turn away . the child be play tag among the stone . Willow hug they . kiaya place the baby in the papoose . kiaya Willow , we have never be apart . I miss you already . take this . it will bring you luck . kiaya , whose head be cover with a kerchief , place a braid necklace on she own hair around Willow 's neck . willow you cut you hair , kiaya ? he kiss she . the adjust the papoose and head off down the hill . the other wave goodbye sadly . kiaya Willow !! kiaya rush down the hill and passionately throw she arm around Willow , tear in she eye . at last they break apart , and Willow begin the journey . ext . wood - day - montage Willow hike through strange and wondrous terrain , amaze and frighten . animal rustle in the brush and he stumble into a thistle patch , jump out pick burr off he leg . he hide from a fierce bear . the bear see he and run away . Willow hurry along , shifting the papoose , get use to the baby 's weight . ext . road - evening the baby be fussing hungrily . Willow impetuously dig a bladder of goat 's milk from he sack and struggle to feed she . then he hear something . sense danger , he clutches the baby and run down a nearby riverbank . he hide under a bridge . nockmaar soldier on horseback thunder toward the bridge , lead by the knight sorsha whose face be hide under a black helmet and visor . in the other direction Willow see a lieutenant and two death dog . they all meet on the bridge . the hideous soldier be part hu - man , part beast . lieutenant we have patrol the hill . this be where they kill the nursemaid . sorsha she must have do something with the child . wide the search ! one of the death dog be chew on the Lieutenant 's stirrup . lieutenant get away from there ! the dog panic and gnashes at the Lieutenant 's arm , rip away a piece of armor with its tooth . horse rear . the Lieutenant draw he sword lightning - fast . he slice and kill the death Dog . the baby begin to cry but the death-howl of the beast drown she out as it do hurtle off the bridge into the river below . the soldier gallop off into the wood . Willow fall back against the riverbank , shrink away from the murder death Dog which lie bloody and twisted in the water . the terrify baby cry in he arm . ext . road - morning a harmless rabbit spring across Willow 's path . Willow trip over a stone and almost fall flat on he face . willow I hate this . where be I ? I should stick you in a tree and go back home . ( look at baby ) I be sorry . I do not mean that . he hurry along the road , look over he shoulder . ext . landscape - day - montage various view of Willow and the baby trekk across vast hill and valley . ext . hill - day gasp with exhaustion , Willow stagger up a sloping hill and drop to he knee . his eye brighten . in the distance he see a junction mark by a high wooden scaffold . willow that 's it . the crossroad ... he stand and head toward it cautiously . ext . crossroad - day the place be disgusting . litter with junk , buzzing with fly , plague with rodent . Willow creep toward the scaffold , cover he face against the stench . from it hang two cage . in one be a heap of filthy rag . in the other a half - clothed skeleton with one bony arm dangle out . Willow unpack the papoose and look up the desert road . he shiver with cold . willow I hate this . ext . crossroad - day - later Willow wait uneasily , brush fly off he face . the baby fuss and squirm . he peek inside she diaper . willow I hate this . he look anxiously up and down the road . the baby 's cry get worse . he begin to change she . ext . crossroad - sunset Willow finish building a fire , lighting it with flint and blow it into flame . the baby lie quietly near - by in a kind of porta-crib make of papoose and twig . nightfall teem with spooky noise : cricket , frog , bat , owl and howling wolf . then a terrible moan frighten he . willow I really hate this . not sure where it come from . he back away from the fire , under the rag-filled cage . suddenly a hand reach down and yank Willow up off the ground ! wil - low scream . the baby cry . and we see the haggard unwash unshaven face of madmartigan press against the bar of the cage . madmartigan hey , peck ... get I some water ... or you will diiiiie ...! madmartigan shake Willow like a rag-doll until Willow nod he head yes . then drop he . instantly Willow race around that fire , pick up everything he own . willow I will -- I will getcha water -- getcha lotsa water -- anything you say --! Willow grab the baby and make a beeline for the bush . madmartigan peck ! he dive headfirst into the weed . madmartigan rattles he cage . madmartigan you be a weasely little peck ! gimme some water ! Willow peek at he and shake he head . willow I be not come near you ! they stare at each other across the fire . then , mad - martigan put on a very phony smile . madmartigan please ? I be dyin ' of thirst in here . willow good . how long will it take ? madmartigan drop the smile and spit at the fire . madmartigan do not make I angry , peck . willow you be careful . I be a powerful sorcerer . I could turn you into a toad just like that . madmartigan miserable peck . Willow throw a rock at he . it bounce off the cage . madmartigan sag down into a heap of rag again . ext . crossroad - night the wind howl through the distant tree as darkness fall . Willow rock the baby and eat some bread . madmartigan watch he hungrily , sighing , forlorn , he eye ask for pit . Willow glance at he . finally , he can not take any more and he put down the baby and pous some goat 's milk in a cup . he reach up on tip-to and offer the milk to madmartigan . madmartigan that 's more like it . madmartigan snatch the cup and guzzle the milk , retching horribly at the taste . then he toss the cup back . willow do any other daikinis ever come by here ? madmartigan why . willow I have to give this baby to some - body . madmartigan grab the bar and raise himself up . madmartigan I be somebody . lemme out and I will take care of you baby . he make little kissing noise to the baby , try to be sweet . however , he tooth be filthy . willow no . somebdoy put you in there for a reason . I will wait for somebody else . Willow retreat to the fire . madmartigan whacks the cage with the back of he hand . ext . crossroad - night - later by the blaze fire Willow feed the baby . we hear hoofbeat . willow hey ! somebody 's come ! madmartigan peck ! Quick ! douse the fire ! excite , Willow toss more wood on the fire , pick up the baby and wait . madmartigan no , you fool ! put it out I say ! out ! torch appear up the road . a horse -drawn wagon clatter full - speed toward the fire . we hear load drunken voice , far from friendly . Willow quickly dive into the bush . four boorish pict , with tatooe face and arm , halt at the crossroad , yell and wave they torch . madmartigan be hide under he rag . for fun the pict set fire to the skeleton cage . then head for the other . madmartigan no !! he rise up in the torchlight . the pict taunt he . pict whose fire ! they jab they torch at madmartigan . madmartigan no! help ! stop ! pict where be they ? where do they go ? madmartigan point way up the road . the pict ride away . as they go , they swing he cage and st fire to the floor of it . madmartigan frantically geat the flame . his sleeve ignite . Willow scramble out of the bush and scoops up hand - ful of dirt , which he chuck at madmartigan . madmartigan ( spitting out dirt ) thanks for you help , peck . willow be you okay ? madmartigan as if you care . I save you life , peck . that guy woulda kill we ! ( point dramatically ) you wanna give you baby to they ?? they eat baby ! willow I do not know . madmartigan literally lick he wound , drag he parched tongue along the length of he forearm . Willow begin to walk away . madmartigan the world 's go insane . good man lock in cage , criminal run free . it do not pay to be honest , peck . Willow stop and turn around . willow do not call I a peck . my name be Willow . madmartigan slink down like a cat and slowly extend he derty hand through the bar . madmartigan hello , Willow . I be madmartigan . Willow stare warily at the hand . madmartigan smile . Willow quickly shake he hand and jump away . madmar - tigan laugh in a harmless , friendly way . madmartigan you a woodcutter ? willow Farmer . madmartigan Farmer ! I know it ! you be a vic - tim , Willow . yep , you and I : victim of a rotten , corrupt , cor - rupt , rotten world . a rat lumber out of the darkness and sniff toward the baby in the porta-crib . madmartigan suddenly point . Willow scream and chase the rat away . madmartigan shake he head as solemnly as a undertaker . madmartigan listen , Willow my friend . I be really a good man . give I my freedom , and I will look after that baby for you . trust I . after a moment , Willow take out he dagger . he stand on he toe under a cage , reach up , and hack at the chain lock . madmartigan 's eye widen over - eagerly . he rub he hand together and lick he lip . madmartigan that 's it -- good-- good -- like that , yes , good , good , the chain -- that 's it , come on -- come on --! Willow suddenly step away . willow nooo , I do not think I should . madmartigan go berserk . his arm flail and the whole cage shake and swing and he bang he head on the roof . madmartigan peck !! stupid peck ! I will kill ya ! let I out ! Willow scramble back to the fire and scoops up the baby and rock she in he arm . ext . crossroad - dawn madmartigan be make something out of scrap of bark and cloth . he smile sweetly as Willow wake up . madmartigan Morning , Willow . Willow turn he back on he and tend to the baby . madmartigan sorry I yell at you . I have be in this cage toooo long . can not think straight anymore . owww ...! Willow look over . madmartigan pat he arm in pain . willow you all right ? madmartigan this burn . my arm . ouch ... he hold up he arm in agony . Willow fish some gooey jelly out of he sack and smear a gob of it on a leaf . he hand it up to madmartigan . willow see if this help . madmartigan wipe the goo all over he arm . madmartigan aaaaaahhhh . better . here , I make something for the baby . he hold out a ratlle and shake it . Willow accept it . willow what 's inside ? madmartigan stick he finger in he mouth and pries it open as wide as possible . madmartigan a tooth . ( Willow react ) I be strving . I get no use for it . noise in the distance . up the road Willow see a messenger charge on horseback . he gallop right past , whipping he horse , almost knock Willow off the road . then another messenger follow with the same urgency . Willow grab the baby and step out to stop he . willow stop ! wait ! the messenger scream a Willow who jump aside as he thunder by . the two horseman disappear up the road . madmartigan ( with authority ) smell like a battle . willow be you a warrior ? madmartigan the great swordsman that ever live . madmartigan slice the air with a imaginary sword . Willow shake he head and go back to the baby . ext . crossroad - day we see the empty road . Willow 's head pop into frame . he grab the baby . willow what 's that ? I hear something ! madmartigan you hear trouble . willow what be it ? the horizon rumble . madmartigan cup he ear . cyni - cally : madmartigan a hundred horse ... five or six wagon ... and about six thousand fool . two cavalry officer gallop into view , raise a plume of dust . then a enormous army appear : cavalry , foot soldier , assault wagon : shield , sword , spear , raise banner . the two officer shout order over the thunderous clamor of hoofbeat , march boot and clanking armor . charge back and forth , they shepherd the army through the crossroad . Willow hold the baby . Fighting dust and noise he try to get the officer 's attention . willow sir? Sir ! officer out of the way ! a officer 's horse nearly kick Willow , who scurries out of the way . huddle with the baby , he notice airk thaughbaer , a large , muscular , bearded officer , clearly in charge . on horseback , airk break file and ride up to the other officer . airk push them harder ! no rest at mid - day ! we need to make ten more league by dark ! shout order , the officer split up , charge to the front and rear of the army . airk watch the army pass . Willow desperately scramble up to he . willow Sir ! Sir ! I have this baby . we find she in we village . will you take she ...? huge airk look down from he huge horse . Little wil - low hold up the baby . airk we be go into battle , little one . find a woman to take care of it . madmartigan he think you be a woman , airk ! airk snap hes head around and he eye flash . airk madmartigan ! what do you do this time ? madmartigan nothing you would not have do it my place ! airk 's horse prance menacingly around madmartigan 's cage . airk I always know you would end up in a crow 's cage . madmartigan least I be not down there herding sheep ! airk laugh sourly and rock the cage . airk you be lucky somebody get to you first , madmartigan ! I would have kill you myself after that stunt at land 's end ! he swing that cage and start to ride away . madmartigan airk ! come on , airk . lemme outa here . airk ( really sarcastic ) hey , remember ? you do not need my help , madmartigan . Little rabbit trap like this ? come on ! I could open it for you , but I would not wanna insult you ! madmartigan gimme a sword , airk . I will win you war for you . airk quickly drop the banter and glare at madmartigan seri - ously . airk you be nothing but trouble , madmar - tigan . and I get plenty of that . stay in you coffin and rot ! airk spur he horse and smashes the cage as he charge off . madmartigan I will be around long after you be dead , airk ! you slime ! when I get outa here I will cut you head off and stick it on a pig-pole ! willow friend of yours ? madmartigan snarl down at Willow as the army continue to march by . but then he quickly get cute again . madmartigan hello , little baby ... ext . crossroad - day - later a ghostly wind hant the barren crossroad . the road be pock with hoofprint and wagon track . Willow shake he head at the ash of he dead fire . madmartigan whatcha thinkin ' about , Willow ? willow I hate this . madmartigan squeeze he face between the bar of he cage . madmartigan nobody 's gonna take you baby . know why ? nobody care ... ( beat ) except I . ( wistfully ) you wanna go back to you farm . you wanna go back to you family . I could take care of that baby . I will look after she like she be I own . willow you do not know anything about ba - bie . madmartigan kneel and straighten up and point up he finger astutely . madmartigan ahhh ! but I know a lot of woman who do . why , if I have somebody in my life - - a little daughter for instance -- I would have a reason to live ... he clsp he hand together outside the bar , plead - ing : madmartigan Willow . you can not let I die here . not when I wanna help you . Willow look at the baby in the porta-crib . then look up the empty road . then look hard at madmartigan . willow you gotta promise to feed she . madmartigan I will . willow Fresh goat 's milk . madmartigan absolutely ! Willow draw he dagger and begin to hack at the chain . willow and give she a bath everyday , and do not let she get cold . and keep she diaper change . madmartigan of course ! I promise ! Willow hack and pries at the chain until it break open . the bottom of the cage fall out , dump mad - martigan into a heap of rag and dust . madmartigan come to daddy , little darlin' . ( pick she up ) I think she like I ! kneel on the ground , he play with the baby . Willow quickly hitches the papoose to madmartigan 's back and hand he supplies . willow here be she diaper rag . and this be she milk bladder . and when she cry -- she 's either hungry or she 's tired -- rock she on you leave shoulder . she like that . madmartigan do not worry , Willow . she 's in good hand . you have not make a mistake . Willow take the baby and kiss she . willow bye . he put she in the papoose . willow ( to madmartigan ) please take good care of she . madmartigan stand up . he tower above Willow . he pat Willow on the head . madmartigan you have do a great job . now you go back to you family and get you crop in . madmartigan smile , turn , and march off down the road . Willow sigh with relief , he task accomplish . he watch madmartigan and the baby disappear over a hill . ext . road - day swing he arm and whistling a tune , Willow strut proudly up a gentle hill . willow look , it 's Willow ufgood ! he 's come home ! welcome back , Willow ! he deserve a medal : he 's quite mystical . for honor , for bravery , for he intuitive power ... ( he chuckle ) ... let 's make he apprentice aldwin . better still : High aldwin ! make way ! it 's Willow uf - good , High aldwin of --- the baby cry ! Willow spin around . Flying towrd he be a incredible vulture with enormous wind . in its claw it carry the baby , papoose and all . it swoops straight at Willow , buzzing he , and Willow hit the dirt . he look up . to add to the wonder : riding the vulutre be a elf . willow come back here , you ! that 's my baby !! the vulture zoom off into the tall majestic tree of the forest , with the baby cry . shout and wave madly , Willow gallop after it . ext . through the forest - day Willow tear after the vulture which vanish in the tower tree . as the path narrow , something whis - tlse past he ear . finger-length arrow rain down on he from every direction , pepper the surround tree . some even hit Willow . he pluck they out as he race along . he come to a fork in the path : decision ! he start down one way , then slam on the brake . he see rope and net . willow oh no , it 's a trap ! he hurry back to the fork and take the safer route -- willow oh noooooo !! -- and get swallow by a deadly pit . int . elfin throne room - underground Willow wake up as a pail of water hit he in the face . his foot and wrist be be bound . several little elve be gawk and laugh at he . they wear samurai-type outfit and angry little haircut . willow ( focus ) where be I ? where 's the baby ? franjean , the elfin king , strut forward arrogantly . he speak a haughty , nasal accent resembling french : franjean I be franjean , king of the world . Willow struggle against the rope that bind he . willow that baby 's my responsibility ! outrage , franjean smack Willow 's nose with the back of he hand . franjean I do not care . we pay for she . go back to sleep , monsieur ... as he leave , franjean nod to a intense- look arch - er elf heavily armed with arrow and a spear . the archer dip he spear in a bowl of purple liquid . he prick Willow 's arm . willow yeow ! ( he lose consciousness ) madmartigan ... I never should have trust you ... fade to black int . elfin throne room - dawn Willow 's eye open . a wild little face be look at he . a wild little person be stand on he chest . teemo tongue . too groggy to argue , Willow stick out he tongue . teemo the brownie crush a brittle leaf and toss the dust into Willow 's mouth . smack he lip , Willow come around . he see , down between he leg , another brownie name rool cut the rope . willow who be you ? rool quiet , you fool ! teemo ( formal ) we be emissary of she majesty , Queen cherlindrea , of the land of coshairm . willow Queen cherlindrea ? teemo she request the presence of you - self and the young princess . willow who ?? teemo you be the guardian , be not you ? rool quit yakking , teemo . we gotta get outa here ! Willow roll onto he knee , stand up and bump he head on the ceiling . the fuzzy -headed brownie creak open the door and becon Willow to follow . he squeeze through . int . elfin hallway - underground like a rabbit warren , compartment branch off the main tunnel . Willow scrunches along behind the tip-toeing brownie . they hear the baby cry . they peek through the door . Inside a cluttere room they see thebaby cry miser - ably . her tear be be carry to a high level in tiny bucket on a mechanize wheel , operate by four elve . teemo elve ! they be always torment baby . they make they cry and take they tear . rool somebody have to do it . willow why ?? rool how else they gonna make dew drop ? the baby shriek . willow I be get she out of there ! teemo no ! you let we handle this . come along , rool ! teemo ridiculously push Willow away from the door . with a macho swagger he adjust he dagger belt , and he and rool open the door . int . elfin tear factory they enter like gunslinger in a saloon . the four elve , who be twice they size , turn and face they . teemo draw he small dagger . with confidence he smile at rool . teemo watch this . right between the eye . rool ( to the elve ) he never miss . artfully teemo poise the dagger above he head . with all he might he throw . his dagger flip - flop through the air and land at the elve ' foot , plink - plunk . teemo ooops . be that right ? that be not right . suddenly the entire wall implode . the elve scream and panic as Willow come crash in like King Kong . he grab the cry baby and tuck she under he arm . ext . elf hole - day the brownie scamper out of a hole in the ground where the elve keep they vulture corral . rool / teemo hyah ! hyah ! git ! they untie th evulture and send they flap away in the forest as Willow wiggle out of the elf hole with the baby . they run for they life . ext . forest - chase - day rool and teemo tear along at incredible speed , Willow barely keep up with they . Little elf arrow shower the forest as the angry elve chase after they , whoop - ing and scream . ext . deep gorge - day they skid up to a perilously deep drop into oblivion . the elve be shriek toward they . the only chance of excape be a huge fall tree span the gorge . the brownie scamper out . Willow look down and reel with vertigo . willow I can not go out there with the baby ! rool / teemo ( frantically point ) elve !! the elf army pour out of the forest . Willow hold he breath and venture out onto the topmost branch of the tree . arrow zing around he as he wobble like a drunken tightrope walker toward the middle . the brown - ies wait for he . willow ohhh , I hate this . teemo take you time . do not worry about the elve . they will not come out here . willow why not ? rool because of the troll . willow troll ? the brownie console Willow with unworry laughter . teemo relax . they only come out at night . a ugly troll snarl up behind Willow . they all scream and race for the other side . another troll pop up to meet they . the troll slink along like possum . the brownie dive through a hole in the hollow tree trunk . the elve , meanwhile , flint -start a fire at they end of the tree . one troll claw at the brownie inside the trunk while the other chase Willow across gangle branch . then the baby fall out of the papoose ! she tumble and catch on a low branch and Willow race the troll and grab she just before she plummet into the gorge . one troll catch rool but can not then get he claw out of the trunk . the brownie finally excape . the tree burn and break , dangle over the gorge by its root . a troll howl as he fall to he death . the other scramble up the tree and grab Willow 's foot . Willow 's boot slip off and down go the second troll . flame lick at Willow as he at last haul himself to safety , just as the root snap and the blaze tree go crash down in the gorge . willow this be not go well . teemo hurry ! Queen cherlindrea will know what to do . Willow bundle the baby and follow the brownie into the forest . hobbling slightly on he bootless foot . ext . majestic forest - sunset fading sunlight bleed through awesomely beautiful tree as Willow and the brownie trek into the magical Fairy Kingdom . elora danan fall into a peaceful sleep . ext . fairy kingdom - night Willow come to a halt . his mouth drop open . the forest be a luminous milky Way of dance , fly fairy , like firefly . the brownie tug at he pant-leg and whisper . teemo come on . this be a privilege . no - body ever get call before her majesty . wonder-struck , Willow walk into a clear where colorful night - flower bloom . he lower himself onto a enormous toadstool , testing it with he hand . other brownies stand watch , like courtier . the tiny fairy fly up to Willow 's face and giggle : they look like five - year- old girl , full of mischief and fun . suddenly a strange light begin to throb behind the tree , peirce the forest with helter - skelter beam . Willow throw up he arm as the bright light sting he eye . rool stand up ! it 's the queen ! cherlindrea , the Fairy Queen , materialize out of frag - ment of move light , diaphanous , sylph - like , beauti - ful . cherlindrea Willow ufgood . willow ( blind ) yes ...? cherlindrea I hope you be comfortable here , inside my kingdom ... Willow say nothing , still batling the bright light . teemo talk ! say something ! willow I can not see anything -- she 's too bright ! cherlindrea I be sorry ... the light diminish , enable Willow to see the queen . she be a beautiful vision , with flow hair and lumi - nous eye . her magical presence both stun and impress Willow . she turn to the brownie . cherlindrea broke-heart of nightingale for we honore guest . all the courtier brownie snap to attention and go into action , bustling about , go to work , some even trip - ping over one another . they bring Willow a drink in a delicate cup - shape leaf , and he take a sip . the queen dissolves and reappear near Willow . she le - and down and open the baby 's swaddle and look at the mark on the baby 's arm . cherlindrea it be elora danan ! the prophecy have come true . the tiny fairy and the brownie stop work and sigh with respect and amazement . cherlindrea seem to levi - tate the baby out of Willow 's arm , float she magi - cally onto a special cradle of stram and stick . the brownie and fairy crowd around , with great rever - ence . willow you mean , you know who this baby belong to ? cherlindrea she belong to all of we . she be the future queen and ruler of all kingdom on earth . Willow start to get up . willow what a relief . now I can go home . the queen fragment and reappear right in front of Willow . cherlindrea no , Willow . you journey have just begin . it have be foretold that this child shall bring about the downfall of Queen bavmorda , whose evil power have darken we world . upon you depend this princess 's life . willow I ? the Fairy Queen flash and vanish . Willow lower himself back down again . she reappear behind he . cherlindrea you be the guardian , Willow . you must take she to tir asleen . willow what be tir asleen ? Willow can not keep track of she . she keep change she shape . the brownie and fairy snicker at Willow 's confusion . cherlindrea it be a distant castle , where a great king and queen will look after elora danan and keep she safe until she be old enough to rule . she be go again . Willow look everywhere , frusturate by this riddle and mystery . willow where be tir asleen ? how far be it ? she reappear again . cherlindrea the way have be lose in time . but there be one person , a druid sor - ceress , who might guide you there . she be exile by Queen bavmorda many year ago . her name be fin raziel . willow you need a warrior for this job . I be nobody . cherlindrea you be very important , Willow . willow no I be not . have you really look at I ? ( jump to he foot ) I be short ! even for a nelwyn ! from down at he foot , rool and teemo stare up , insult - ed . willow ( continue ) why can not you do it ? you have mag - ical power . cherlindrea my prsence cannot extend beyond this forest . but I can give you this ... cherlindrea drop three small object in Willow 's hand . cherlindrea they will protect you . use they wisely . Willow look at they for quite a while . willow they look like acorn . cherlindrea anything you hurl they at will turn to stone . Willow look closely at the acorn , then up at the queen . willow they be magic ? be you serious ? the forest light grow brighter . the queen loom over Willow and he again have to shield himself from the brightness . cherlindrea ( sternly ) I be very serious , Willow . there be no time to lose . now she intensify she light so that Willow back away , completely cover he face . willow but I have get a family to think about ! they need I ! the queen swirl around he like a solar wind , blow the forest tree , scare even the brownie . and then all of a sudden : silence . and total darkness . all we see , in dim moonlight , be Willow 's face , peek out from between he finger . willow hello ...? the queen 's voice echoe the forest . cherlindrea bavmord 'a power be grow like a evil plague . soon she will con - trol the life of you child , you wife , you village ... everyone . very gradually and beautifully the firey fairy begin to flicker , restore light to the forest . more light genlty brighten , bathing the wood , and the Fairy Queen reappear . she be hold elora danan in she arm . the brownie creep out from behind the tree . all eye be upon Willow . cherlindrea the choice be yours . Willow take the baby and look at she for a moment . he struggle with he conscience . the fairy and brownie wait in anticipation . at last Willow look up at they , resolve and determine . willow I will do it . yes , I will , I will do it ! the fairy kingdom send up a great cheer and applause . fairy giggle playfully around Willow 's face , and brownie hug he ankle . willow but I only have one shoe . ext . wooded hill - day we see Willow 's foot as he walk along . he have himself a brand - new shoe . spirit high , he trek in the sunshine , papoose strapped to he back . teemo ride in he pocket , while rool straddle the papoose , tickle the giggle baby . willow wait till I tell my child . stuff like this never happen in my village . he dig a magic acorn out of he pocket and toss it high in the air . the brownie gasp . teemo hey , careful there ! willow how do this work I wonder ? I get - to save one to show the High aldwin . rool look ! death below ! rool point through the tree . Willow hurry down the hill to the tree-line . in the valley below , 200 nock - maar soldier and calvalrymen battle a hundred ragtag rebel troops . from this sage position high on the hillside , Willow watch in disgust . weapon clash and man fall to they death . willow daikinis ... they hear a clank behind they . Willow slowly turn around . there be movement in the tree . the hillside wood be full of nockmaar horsemen move right up next to he . in the valley , the oupower rebel be be force up the hill toward they . Willow be suddenly stand under several large horse and black - armored minion . he be freeze in fear . horsemen hyaaaaahh !! sword flash and the horseman charge ! the brownie jump and run for they life . Willow stumble and spin as horse after horse thunder past he , nearly trample he and the baby to death . the nockmaar reinforcement descend upon the remain rebel and crush they . Willow fall and quickly dig the baby out of the papoose . she be shriek in ter - ror . he hold she tight and run along the tree-line , follow the brownie , while the bloody battle rage below . willow let 's get out of here . shhh , do not cry , elora . thing can not get any worse than this ... ext . roadside tavern - day bleak rain dribble down Willow 's miserable face . pro - tecting the baby , he hurry toward a tavern . the bot - tom of the building be a open stable with several horse . two burly iron -worker clank a red-hot wagon rim , fix a nearby wagon hitched to a horse . it 's a rough place . rool and teemo peek out of Willow 's pocket . upstair people drink and shout . teemo I be not go in there . rool I neither ! willow do not worry -- I be a sorcerer . what could possibly happen ? suddenly there 's a crash up above and two pict burst through a balcony and land in the mud , fight vi- ciously . rool and teemo duck inside Willow 's pocket . Willow step around the pict , dash through the stable and up the stair . int . tavern - MAIN room - day the place be pack with tattooe pict , nomadic fami - lie , mother wit baby , thieve and cutthroat . Willow enter with the cry baby . willow could you spare some milk for this poor hungry baby ? everyone look up . mopping a table be a ugly barmaid as big as a wrestler . barmaid get outa here , peck ! patron a peck ! get he out ! beat it , peck ! they hurl stuff at he and threaten he with they weapon . Willow run along the wall and take cover under some stair . he pull open he pocket and peer down inside . willow I could use you help , boy . instantly he pocket whip shut and tremble . Willow cautiously look out under the stair . he see a pail of milk very near some roughnecks . Willow put he little finger in the baby 's mouth , silencing she . he creep out . and bravely reach for the milk . teemo's voice Willow ? Willow slap he pocket . then stretch he arm out very , very slowly . and get the pail and zip back under the stair . willow this be not fun . he soak a rag with milk and feed the baby . catch he breath , he back up and lean again a woodplank wall . willow woah ! the plank give way and Willow fall through the wall . int . tavern - day Willow somersault into a bedroom near a unmade bed . peek up he see two woman get dress in a pan - ic . one be a plump - chest wench with a pretty face . wench hurry ! hurry ! very frighten , she look out the window . the other woman , who wear a kerchief over she hair , pack thick powder and make - up paint on she face . the other woman ( in a gruff voice ) how do I look ? it 's madmartigan ! Willow pop up like a jack - in- the - box . willow you !! madmartigan where the hell do you come from ? Willow stride toward madmartigan , hold the baby like a machine gun . willow I trust you ... the brownie peek out . rool who 's he ? madmartigan you be crawl with rodent . the bedroom door explode open . in storm a big , mean , half - drunk raging lug name llug . llug where be he !! madmartigan wrap a muffler around he throat . the wench innocently curtsy . wench there 's nobody here except I and my , um , cousin . llug knock he wife out of the way and glare susi - ciously at madmartigan , who bat he heavily make - up eyelash . he speak in a high feminine voice . madmartigan how do you do . llug sniff at madmartigan then fix he gaze on madmartigan 's flat chest . he go to squeeze he there , but madmartigan duck out of the way and snatch the baby from Willow . willow hey ! give I that baby ! madmartigan ( high voice ) this peck make terrible nurse - maid . willow nursemaid ?! Willow angrily jump up and down , swiping at the baby . madmartigan ( high voice ) they get too excited . with a swing of the hip , madmartigan butt Willow aside and maternally put the baby against he chest . llug houd-dogs he around the room , finally cornere he and staaring lecherously into he eye . llug wanna breeeeeed ? madmartigan protect himself by hold the baby up in front of he face . then he smell the baby . he wince and groan . willow ( mischievously ) time to change she diaper . madmartigan time to leave . madmartigan throw open the door and dash out . but he do not get very far . several nockmaar soldier push he back in . then they grab madmartigan and wil - low , and llug and he wife , and haul they all outside . int . tavern - hallway - day madmartigan be slam against a wall . the Willow . then llug and he wife . in the b.g. nockmaar troops be roust the tavern , take baby away from frighten mother and inspect they . heavy bootstep thud toward they . Willow look out and recognize sorsha , the black -helmete knight from the bridge . sorsha you ! be you the mother of that child ? madmartigan no. ( look at llug ; in a high voice ) I mean yes . sorsha stride over to madmartigan , she sword draw . sorsha let I see it . madmartigan look at Willow then back at sorsha . madmartigan ( high voice ) I can not . sorsha let I see it . willow no ! you can not ! madmartigan look at Willow then back at sorsha . madmartigan ( high voice ) I can not . sorsha why not ? madmartigan ( to Willow ) why not ? willow because she 's sick . madmartigan ( to sorsha ) because she 's sick . sorsha give it to I ! sorsha stab she sword into the floor like a spike . she grab for the baby . instinctively , madmartigan el- bow she away , whack she hard and knock she off - balance against a nearby bench . the soldier tense up , point they sword and spear . sorsha regains she balance . she rip off she black helmet . Long wild red hair tumble over she shoulder . she be a young woman , and madmartigan 's eye pop open . he do he best to keep up he femal facade . madmartigan ( high voice ) gawd ... you be ... beautiful ... sorsha you be not a woman . sorsha come right up to madmartigan , squinting into he eye . the she rip away he kerchief and muffler . llug not a woman ??!! all hell break loose . llug charge for madmartigan 's throat . madmartigna tuck the baby under he arm and dash right out the window . llug bulldoze sorsha and she Lieutenant , and the tavern patron take advantage of the chaos and stampede for the stair . Willow dive out the window after madmartigan . sorsha after they !! she grab she sword and wave it at she soldier who clatter toward the stair , fling people out of they way . ext . roadside tavern - day madmartigna jump off the upstairs balcony and land in the wagon below . the two iron-workers look up with concern . then they react with surprise as madmartigan rip away he disguise . willow madmartigan ! wait ! up above , Willow charge along the balcony . madmarti - gan juggle the baby and whip the rein . the wagon pull away , iron-workers scramble after it . Willow fling himself off the balcony . the brownie tumble out of he pocket . they all land in the back of the wagon as it take off . it have stop raining . in the stable under the tavern , horse smash together and people fall in the mud , and the nockmaar soldier get tangle up in the traffic jam . ext . road - chase - day as madmartigan lash the horse , Willow crawl up to hum and take the baby . willow we could have be kill , madmarti - gan ! in the back , the brownie boucne all over the place amid wooden keg and other object . when they finally get they balane they look back in alarm . Chasing they be two nockmaar horsemen plus a death dog and a war chariot . Willow duck low and peek out , protectively hugging the baby . the wagon bounce and fly along , but the minion be quickly gain . rool and teemo spring into action . they struggle with all they might and manage to kck small wooden keg off the back of the wagon . the keg bounce onto the road , and the minion lose some ground try to avoid they . but soon the horse - man flank the wagon . one leap off he gallop horse and climb on board . the other draw a arrow and get ready to fire . madmartigan be about to be shot between the eye . he quickly roll into the back . the archer firse ! and hit the other minion in the chest . madmartigna snap a wooden stake off the wagon side and smashes the wounded minion off the wagon : he crash onto the road . Willow harness the papoose to he chest and grab the rein . at the same time the minion archer leap aboard . he and madmartigan fight in the back . willow heeyah ! heeyah ! then there 's a terrible howl right beside Willow . the death Dog be leaping alongside the wagon , gnash and try to board . Willow yank the rein and swerve the wagon into the dog , which yelp furiously . in the back , madmartigan and the minion be throw by the swerving jolt . willow oh no ! up ahead Willow see a expose tree root in the road . the wagon be head straight for it ! the wheel hit the root hard and Willow be dumped onto the wagon floor and very nearly go overboard . in the back , madmartigan and the minion keep fight as the wagon clatter along out of control . the death Dog catch up again and this time spring aboard . death bordak !! the dog snap at the baby . Willow scurries under the wagon seat . the dog stand up on its hind foot . death bordak !! it get ready to attack . but whack ! a overhange tree branch hit it and Willow look up from under the seat and see the mangle dog twitching and dangle from the tree , rapidly disappear in the distance . in the back , meanwhile , the minion draw a knife . mad - martigan duck out of he way , hang onto a post at the edge of the tailgate . the minion come after he . suddenly the wagon wheel wobble and the rim fly off . the jolt throw the minion off balance . madmartigan kick he . the minion hurtle off the taligate but hold on , drag by the wagon . rool and teemo grab hold of a rope secure a large wooden keg . together they yank it . unty the keg and send it tumble off the back . the minion look up in horror as the heavy keg crush he . but the danger be far from over . the wagon rock along with one wheel half - destroy . Willow whip the rein and look over he shoulder . steam - roll toward they be the war chariot ! the nockmaar chariot driver stand up and stuff the rein in he mouth . he rasise he arm and begin to twirl a deadly weapon , a kind of bolo - blade , over he head . madmartigan defend himself with a wooden wagon -post . the chariot driver hurl the whistling blade : chonk ! it lodge in the post . madmartigan tug . so do the chariot driver . back and forth , the wagon smash up each other . at last madmartigan let go of the post and the chariot driver be send tumble through the airl , over a cliff to he death . willow woah ...woah ...! Willow try to stop the horse . but the wheel col - lapse and he be throw off into a ditch . the brownie dive overboard . madmartigan jump off and delibrerately send the wagon up the road . he scramble down into the ditch and lie flat beside Willow . suddenly , hoofbeat thunder and sorsha and the rest of she troops gallop past . lying flat , madmartigna raise he head and see sorsha 's long flow red hair . madmartigan that girl be a vision . as soon as the troops be go , Willow jump up . willow where 's the baby ?? madmartigan I think you have she ! rool / teemo Willow !! the brownie be wave and gesture madly , point at a heap of board and rubble that break off the wagon . Willow and madmartigan race over and start dig - ging , fling debris aside . madmartigan now Willow , I know you be gonna blame I for this but it be not my fault ...! willow elora danan ! Willow see the batter , lifeless papoose . he grab it and rip it open . madmartigan kneel in the dirt remorsefully . madmartigan when I leave the crossroad , I get ambush by a elf ! willow madmartigan ! you save she life ! madmartigan I do ? Willow hold up the baby . she giggle and smile . madmartigan switch gear , boast : madmartigan I mean , of course I save she life . she 's almost my daughter , be not she ? Willow bundle the baby and look up the road . willow let 's get out of here before they come back . they hurry off into the darken wood . ext . wood - night a campfire blaze . Willow tend the baby while the brownie point up at the star . teemo Northeast be that way . we have come west and south . I think . madmartigan dump a big log on the fire , spraying the brownie with spark . rool watch it ! you be gonna set we on fire . madmartigan not a bad idea . madmartigan terrorize they with a flame stick . then he squat beside Willow and the baby . madmartigan so you be on you way to tir asleen , huh ? I hate to tell you this , Willow , but tir asleen dos not exist . willow yes it do . the Fairy Queen tell I . madmartigan the Fairy Queen ? and the baby here 's a princess ? and this two rodent be you guide ? he shake he head sceptically , stretch out and put he foot up on a log . madmartigan yeah well ... in the morning I think I will be on my way . he laugh sarcastically . Willow set down the baby . he take off kiaya 's necklace and finger it sadly . willow madmartigan , I need you help . madmartigan my help ? a great magician like you ? you do not need any help . Willow stare at he angrily . willow but you be a great swordsman ! he jump and start pace around the fire . rool and teemo dive for cover . willow ( explode ) you be not a warrior , madmartigan ! a warrior would not lie there and do nothing ! he kick madmartigan 's boot and knock he foot off the log . willow we be in trouble ! you have see the big army that 's after we ! you be a fake ! you be a bum ! you be a -- you be a coward !! he pick up a rock and pitch it wildly at the fire , send up a shower of spark . madmartigan eye he with concern . madmartigan what 's with you , peck ? Willow let it all pour out . he begin to cry . willow I miss my wife ! I miss my chil - dren ! my boy ranon ! he 's grow up so fast , he even help I on the farm now ! and little mim ! if you ever see she sweet little face you would * melt * madmartigan , you would * melt *! ( sniffles ) or maybe you would not . you do not know anything about love . you do not know anything about any - thing ... Willow sit on the ground , exhaust . madmartigan pick up the baby and sit with she in he lap . madmartigan I be in love once , Willow . she have a hold on my heart . I could barely function . ( a pause ) I * be * a great swordsman ! I be knight ! I could have be king ! willow you ? madmartigan yeah I . King ! but she betrayed I . she rob I of my dream . madmartigan gently rock the baby and stare at the fire . Willow watch he curiously . madmartigan I will never fall in love again ... ext . wood - morning Willow wake up and look around . the baby be go . he panic . he scramble a short distance through some bush . willow madmartigan ! madmartigan ! they have be campe all night near the shore of a lake . Willow find madmartigan and the baby bathing happily in the water . madmartigan relax , Willow . we be have fun . the baby squeal with delight as madmartigan twirl she around . he lift she yp and carry she to Willow on the shore . the brownie crawl thorugh the bush . rool point out at the lake . rool that 's it ! the sorceress life there ! in the middle of the lake be a island with a single tree . teemo be you sure ? rool ( excited ) yes ! raziel ! she life out on that island ! madmartigan let out a sarcastic , sceptical laugh . teemo scratch he head and squint out at the island . teemo that tree dos not look like gold to I . madmartigan gold !! madmartigan rub he chin with sudden interest . teemo its branch be suppose to be make of gold , solid gold . willow how be we go to get out there ? madmartigan be suddenly pace and think . madmartigan we will find a way , Willow . look over there -- that look like a village - - maybe they have get a boat . come on , what be you wait for ? madmartigan run along the shore toward a small village in the distance . ext . deserted fishing village - day half a dozen decrepit hut sit rotting on the edge of the lake . there be no inhabitant , just a lot of dis - card junk , include a few batter fishing boat . but madmartigan , keep one eye on the gold tree out on the island , be undaunted . he rummages through the debris , haul out a fishing boat and shoulder it toward the water . madmartigan give I a hand here , peck ! Willow hoist the baby into the papoose and help mad - martigan . boy what be you do ? they turn around . a golden-haire boy be stand waist - deep in th elake . madmartigan be instantly wary of he . madmartigan it 's nothing to do with you . but the boy look innocent and harmless , and Willow ap - proaches he . willow we need to get out to that island . boy the island be curse . madmartigan scoff at this nonsense , grunt and push - ing the boat into the water . willow we have travel a long way . we be look for fin raziel . teemo the sorceress . boy she 's there . but you can not go there . the island be curse . madmartigan ( no patience ) yeah ? who curse it ? boy Queen bavmorda . her power govern the element . madmartigan ahh , he 's try to protect the gold . come on , Willow . jump in . madmartigan climb into the boat and grab a oar , eager to go . Willow look down at the brownie for help . willow what would the Fairy Queen say ? rool she 's not here . teemo ( to rool ) obviously . willow without raziel we will never find tir asleen. ( decision ) we would better go . Willow march to the boat . calmly accept they choice , the golden -haire boy dive into the lake and disappear . Willow and the brownie board the boat , and madmartigan pole they away from the shore . ext . lake - day they row across the placid lake toward the island . ext . island - day they climb onto the rocky shore . fly buzz and swarm around they , and creepy bug crawl around they foot . Broken skeleton litter the shore . handing the baby back and forth , Willow and madmartigan claw they way up to the large tree . willow raziel ? hello ? fin raziel ? madmartigan greedily reach up to touch a branch . raziel get away ! get away ! a littel animal scurries down the tree and hiss vi- ciously at madmartigan , chatter its tooth . raziel you will die ! you will die ! raziel scamper over to Willow . her voice screech like a parrot . she look like a otter with a bush tail . raziel who be you ! who be you ! willow I be Willow ufgood . I be here to find fin raziel . she spring right onto Willow 's chest . raziel that 's I ! raziel ! raziel ! Willow look down at the browine questioninghly . willow this can not be right . this be not a sorceress . this be some kind of animal . teemo Queen bavmorda transformed she . raziel what do you want ! willow we need you help . to take this baby to tir asleen . she 's a prin - cess . still sceptical , Willow show raziel the baby 's mark . raziel shoot up onto a branch and frantically flick she tail . raziel elora danan ! madmartigan snap a branch off the tree . a flock of bird suddenly screech and fly away . his eye bulge . madmartigan rool ! teemo ! you be right ! this whole tree be make of gold !! he strip away the bark , revealing a vein of gold . raziel fool ! you should never have come to this place ! we be all go to die ! the wind begin to blow and the sky darken . raziel zip over to Willow and whisper intensely . raziel we have get to get off this island right now . hurry ! the boat ! it 's we only chance ! the wind howl . they hurry down to the boat . willow madmartigan ! madmartigan be greedily break branch off the tree . madmartigan wait ! gold ! gold ! wave lash at the boat as they jump aboard . madmarti - gan load up with branch . as they push off , he scramble down the rock . just in time he jump into the boat as the storm swirl it out into the frothy lake . ext . lake - day Willow clutches the baby as the raging storm pitch the boat . willow help , madmartigan ! the oar ! madmartigan hang onto he gold , but pice of it drop and topple overboard . madmartigan my gold ! suddenly a hand appear on the stern . the water boy climb in . raziel kill he ! willow no ! raziel kill he ! madmartigna hesitates but then smashes the boy back into the lake . the boy surface like a dolphin . his shape begin to change , become fish-like , diving and vanish . then : he attack the boat ! he be now a ferocious shark - like monster . he chomp the boat and the gold branch slide into the water . madmartigan bashes the monster with the oar , then grab a anchor . the mon - ster attack again and madmartigan jab its gill with the anchor . the monster sink into the lake . they all sigh with relief . madmartigan shrug proudly . suddenly the an- chor line unravel , tangling madmartigan 's leg in fishing net and yanking he overboard . underwater , madmartigan swirl behind the monster . he pull himself along the anchor line and finally cut himself free with he dagger . he surface and madly swim toward the pitching boat . Willow reach out to he . the monster surface and circle the boat . then it attack madmartigan . madmartigan no !! help !! Willow !!! Willow dig out a magic acorn . but he drop it ! he fumble in the leak boat and finally find it . the monster open its jaw and go to devour madmartigan . Willow throw the acorn . the monster miraculously turn to stone . madmartigan grab the boat and watch in amazement as the monster sink . Willow haul he into the boat . ext . lakeshore - day the storm begin to die down as they jump to shore , ex - haust . madmartigan wear nothing now but a rag loincloth . he fall to he knee , cough and spit - ting . madmartigan Willow ...you ... you get ... magic ...! wait ... we could team up ...! he pull himself up and follow Willow . suddenly they all stop . sorsha and she man come out of the wood . raziel flee ! flee ! the brownie scurry into a hole . raziel make a dash for it but a soldier skewer she tail with he spear , dangle she in front of sorsha . sorsha raziel . do you think my mother would allow you to escape ? sorsha gesture , and the soldier take raziel away . the lieutenant wrestle the baby away from Willow . he give she to sorsha . sorsha this be what we be look for . it bear the marking . Willow panic . madmartigan do not worry , Willow . if there 's one thing I be good at , it 's charm - ing a woman ... he swagger forward . sorsha turn and look at he . madmartigan so. could not live without I , huh ? sorsha look up and down at he naked body . sorsha lose you skirt ? how embarass . madmartigan look down and adjust he loincloth . madmartigan still get what count . a pause as he smile at she . sorsha not for long . she raise she fist and zap : madmartigan be instantly surround by spear and sword . sorsha we will join the column . bring they with we . madmartigan and Willow be roughly take away . sorsha and she troops mount horse and ride off . rool and teemo crawl lup from under a rock . teemo we gotta follow they . rool we ?? we will never catch they . any - way , we be all do , teemo . let 's go home . rool walk off and teemo grab he , yank he back . teemo get back here , rool ! rool ouch ! let go of I ! rool throw a punch , and the brownie somersault into the bush fight each other . ext . road - day sorsha and she man now ride with a caravan of fifty nockmaar troops . chain by they neck . Willow and madmartigan walk behind a wagon . raziel sit trap in a cage on the back of the wagon . willow I can not go on ... Willow lose strength , fall and be drag . madmarti - gan pick he up and carry he on he shoulder . sorsha see this . madmartigan Willow , why do not you use you mag - ic to get we out of here ? raziel he 's no magician . madmartigan he turn that monster into stone ! raziel peer sternly at Willow , who be eye-level with she cage . raziel do * you * give that acorn its power ? willow no . raziel a magician * make * magic . any fool can use it . madmartigan shake he head at she . madmartigan then you get we out of here . raziel I will ! but I need help ! willow I will help you ...! madmartigan I will not . raziel you must learn magic . willow that 's all I ever want ! raziel then I will teach you . sorsha ride up from the rear of the caravan , carry the baby , who be cry . madmartigan , with Willow still on he shoulder , straighten up and flirt with she . madmartigan Nice horse ... nice hair ... real nice hair ... I would say you have get the most beautiful hair I have ever -- she flash she eye at he . sorsha wolff want to boil you in oil . she nod toward she Lieutenant , who snarl viciously . sorsha do not tempt I . she turn away . the baby squirm and cry . willow if you rest the baby on you shoulder , she will stop cry . sorsha shut up . sorsha ride along . she shift the baby to she other shoulder , and she instantly stop cry . sorsha throw a look at Willow . madmartigan take a long deep breath . madmartigan mmmm , I love the smell of a woman . sorsha ( angry threat ) my step - father 's go to tear you apart . madmartigan pound he chest and taunt she : madmartigan I be tear apart already . I mean it ! under all that armor be a beautiful -- crack ! sorsha whip she horse and gallop ahead . madmartigan who be that girl , anyway ? raziel sorsha , Queen bavmorda 's daughter . madmartigan snap he finger and discourage himself . madmartigan forget that one , madmartigan . raziel leap against the bar of she cage , chatter she tooth and whisper to Willow . raziel Willow . to learn magic , first you must make you own philosopher 's stone ! willow what do I need for that ? raziel we must start with feather , dung , and a lock of you hair . Willow pull a strand of he hair out in front of he eye and frown at it . madmartigan , meanwhile , can not take he eye off sorsha . madmartigan now that 's a woman ...! ext . nockmaar campsite - night fire and torch burn around pitch tent . Soldiers eat and drink , and meat be throw out to death dog . from she cage , raziel look down at Willow , still chain to the wagon next to madmartigan . Willow be grind a substance with a rock . raziel keep work at it . forget all you know , or think you know . a magician 's power depend on disord - er of the mind . she twist she head through the bar . madmartigan squint up at she . madmartigan you get that one cover . Willow hear the baby cry in a distant tent . willow I hope she 's all right . how much more do I have to do of this ? raziel till it 's in a powder . the energy exit within you ... willow ( recite ) I know , and the magician 's goal be to find he true self . but what 's this get to do with it ? raziel as below , so above . you hold the univer , Willow , in you hand . madmartigan clasp he forhead . madmartigan I be beginning to think you two * deserve * to be lock up . willow the universe be a live creature , like you and I , madmartigan . madmartigan cynically gaze at the sky , gesture wide - ly . madmartigan we be a tiny version of all that ? raziel as above , so below . madmartigan roll he eye . Willow jump to he foot and show raziel the substance . willow I be all finish . now what ? raziel burn it to a fine ash . Willow look around . heavily armed nockmaar minion rip chunks of meat around a campfire . willow how be I gonna do that ? raziel patience . concentrate . you will find a way . suddenly bootstep clomp toward they . Willow quickly fold the powder inside some cloth and hide it in he pocket . the Lieutenant march up and scrutinize they suspiciously . he abruptly snatch Willow up , hack the chain and drag he off . willow what 's go on ? madmartigan sturggle against he chain . angry and worried : madmartigan hurt he and you will answer to I ! int . sorsha's tent - night the Lieutenant clamp iron on Willow 's wrist , fling he into a tent and exit . Willow look up and see sorsha , still in she uniform , impatiently pace wiht the cry baby . sorsha this baby will not do what I say . you seem to know what to do . here ! make it shut up . sorsha dump the baby in Willow 's arm and then back away . willow she need to be change . sorsha I change she already ! Willow politely shrug . willow she need to be change again . sorsha cross she arm in a hugg and watch as Willow change the baby . soon the baby stop cry . re - lieve yet still anxious , sorsha pace to a mirror . Willow rock the baby gently , absently look at the fire . then he eye focus on the fire . sorsha who be that horrible friend of yours ? willow ( watch the fire ) madmartigan . sorsha who be he ? willow I do not know much about he . sorsha fiddle with she long red hair . Willow creep toward the fire . sorsha he 's very bold . do you really think my hair be beautiful ? she turn and look right at Willow . he look back . she ask the question again by hold out strand of she hair . willow uh , yes . it 's very nice hair . he suddenly stride over to sorsha . willow she 's hungry . sorsha I know she 's hungry . I try to feed she but she would not eat a thing . I be not a wet nurse . willow here . hold she . he hand sorsha the baby , then go to the fire where there 's a stone crock of milk . he carefully take he cloth pouch out of he pocket and unfold it . at the other side of the tent sorsha awkwardly pace with the baby . sorsha I try everything . a spoon . I pour milk into she mouth , she just spat it out . I do not know what to do , I be not a mother . during this , Willow ignites he powdery substance . it flare slightly then burn to a ash . he gather it up , then return to sorsha with the milk . willow sometimes she like it heat . Willow find a strip of cloth , dip it in the milk , and feed elora danan in sorsha 's arm . he look up at sorsha and smile . willow she 's a good baby . sorsha look down at the baby . ext . nockmaar campsite - morning the caravan pack up to move on . Soldiers drag Willow to the wagon and lift he on board , chain he beside raziel 's cage . Willow excitedly pat he pocker , and whisper : willow I do it ! I get the ash ! when the soldier leave , he dig out the pouch and proudly show it to raziel . raziel good ! the first step be complete . chain behind the wagon , madmartigan reach forward and poke Willow with he finger ? madmartigan do she ask about I ? willow who ? madmartigan come on , peck , do not give I a hard time . you be in she ten all night . do she say anything ? Willow deliberately play innocent . willow she say lot of thing . 's madmartigan Willow ! Willow grin . at last : willow she ask about you , madmartigan . madmartigan well what do she say ? suddenly sorsha gallop by on horseback , hold the baby . she fling a wad of clothes at madmartigan . sorsha here . you be go to need this where we be go . she ride off . madmartigan look down at the clothes . the look at Willow . madmartigan she 's in love . willow you be crazy . I think you be in love . ext . snow mountain - day the nockmaar caravan climb into snow - cover moun - tain . in the wagon , raziel be grill Willow . he concentrate hard , cram , memorize , strain . raziel we do not have much time leave ! go on ! go on ! willow I must concetrate my imagination ... to creat a new ... reality ! raziel what 's the magician 's weapon ? willow the limitless power of ... raziel flip around in spasm of impatience . raziel you will ! you will ! what else could it be ? willow ( frustrated ) I can not remember all this thing . what be I learn ? raziel the art of transformation ! willow ( exasperate ) but what be I gonna transform ?? raziel me! Willow and madmartigan stare at raziel . willow you ? madmartigan what be you gonna become , raziel ? Queen of the rodent ? sorsha ride up to the wagon . sorsha the baby 's cold . take she . she dismount . with care , keep the baby bundle , she hand the baby to Willow . madmartigan watch and listen . raziel you remind I of you father , sor - sha . sorsha my father be a weakling . raziel he be a great king . ( madmartigan react ) not like you step - father , not like you mother . he rule tir asleen with kindness , and a generous heart . sorsha my mother call that weakness . madmartigan what do * you * call it ? sorsha turn and glare at madmartigan . sorsha I do what I be tell . madmartigan too bad you be not more like you father . she look at he a moment , then abruptly mount she horse and ride ahead . ext . road toward snow camp - late afternoon the caravan ride toward a large nockmaar camp . death dog howl and fire burn ominously in the distance . Willow and madmartigan watch as king kael ride out to meet the caravan . kael be huge , powerful and cruel , partbeast , part man , and he carry a terrible sword at he side . sorsha carefully show he the baby . he grab it from she . sorsha be careful . kael do not tell I what to do . kael viciously hit sorsha , knock she off she horse . madmartgian and Willow watch angrily . kail gallop to - ward camp with the baby under he be . sorsha shake away the pain and , humiliate , mount she horse . madmartigan we gotta get the baby out of here . raziel dash around she cage . raziel tonight ! complete the philosopher 's stone ! I must be turn back ! look off into the camp , angry and resolute , Willow take out the ingredient for the stone . willow I will do it , raziel ... ext . snow camp - night now in a kind of portable cell , madmartigan clutches the jail bar and look out at the camp . fire and torch burn , and nockmaar soldier patrol . shiver cold , willow sit cross -legge in the jail , melting snow into a bowl . on a nearby lean - to , where skin and shield be keep , raziel hang in she cage . somewhere the baby be cry . in the distance sorsha go inside one of the tenst . there 's a muffle yel - ling between sorsha and kael . then keal storm out of the tent and go inside the tent next door . Willow pour the ash into the melt snow . raziel let it settle . carefully , slowly . concentration and will . now pour the water off . as Willow work , madmartigan bind together scrap stick of wood , make a long pole . he gingerly hook raziel 's cage with this , lift it from the spike . willow oooh , this smell terrible . raziel that 's the life spark . exxence of magic and sorcery ! madmartigan angle the pole and the cage slide toard he . he grab it with both hand and rip it apart . raziel right away scurries down the cell bar , jump into the jail and bit Willow 's hand . willow ouch !! raziel shhhhh ! they look out nervously at patrol nockmaar sol - dier . Willow suck the back of he hand . willow what would you bit I for !! raziel we need blood . to nourish the stone . charge the stone with ener - gy . Willow drip he blood into the concoction then stir it with a twig . it begin to glow from within . raziel the component of the stone be fusing ... Willow 's eye widen with anticipation . ext . snow camp - night - later fire have burn down . most of the camp be sleep . it be near dawn . madmartigan stare out at sorsha 's tent , deep in think . Willow hold up the complete philosopher' stone , a red ball of pliable putty . raziel again : what be the magician 's weapon ? willow his will . raziel now use it . Willow press the philopher 's stone against the chainlock . he sheepishly look over he hsoulder at raziel . willow I just want to test it first . raziel no ! Change I back into a sor - ceress , Willow . Willow go to raziel and concentrate with physical and mental intensity . willow avaggdu , supriom , luwatha ... it start to work . raziel curl into a ball of fur . the fur change to feather . she begin to squawk strangely . she emerge as a raven-size bird . willow what do I do ? he sag with exhaustion and massage he blister hand . then : clink ! the lock fall open . they all look over , and madmartigan pick it up off the ground . madmartigan not bad , peck . I be impressed . you bust the lock . wilow clutches madmartigan 's arm . he hold up the stone . willow madmartigan . let 's go . let 's get eloran danan . with coldness in he eye , madmartigan stare across the camp at sorsha 's tent . madmartigan let 's get elora danan . they sneak away . raziel wait ! what about I ! raziel flap she wing and fly up into the dark sky . ext . through the camp - dawn Willow and madmartigan sneak behind tent , hide from the patrol guard . very quietly they creep up to kael 's tent . madmartigan knock out a guard and steal he knife . they crawl dangerously over to sorsha 's tent . madmartigan you be a magician , Willow . but I be a thief . wait here . I will get the baby . madmartigan slit the back of the tent open and slip inside . raziel flutter down and land on Willow 's shoulder . raziel I be suppose to be a beautiful wo= man . Willow shrug apologetically . int . sorsha's tent - dawn crouched inside the large tent , madmartigan calculate he next move . in the far corner , sorsha lie asleep . he steal the baby from a crib of straw . start to leave . but stop . Willow poke he head inside . willow ( whisper ) come on , madmartigan ...! madmartigan stare over at sorsha . lure by she beau - ty , he slowly walk toward she bed . willow what be you do ? get out of there ...! madmartigan look down at she . Morning rushlight il - luminate she youthful face , and she long red hair be spread across she pillow . out of she armor , in soft nightclothes , she look like a goddess . upon she breast be a golden necklet , inlaid with ornate jewel . quietly : madmartigan I love you . he kiss she lip . her eye open . sorsha one move , and you really will be a woman . holding the baby , madmartigan do not move a muscle . sorsha hold a knife at he crotch . sorsha you be a fool . now put she back . madmartigan I be not go to let this baby die . sorsha press the knife . sorsha do not make I kill you . Willow watch as madmartigna carefully back away from sorsha . madmartigan I believe you would ... sitting up , sorsha wave she knife . madmartigan place the baby in the straw crib . sorsha why do you say that ? madmartigan say what ? sorsha I love you . madmartigan walk back to sorsha ' bed . Willow crawl into the tent , behind madmartigan 's back . madmartigan because it 's true . sorsha I do not believe you . sorsha defensively kneel on she bed as madmartigan walk toward she . he show no fear of she knife , com - pell instead by honest passion . for once , he be not con anybody . his feeling be genuine . madmartigan I wish it be not true . I swore I would never let this happen . I hate you . I hate you beauty , I hate you innocence , I hate the feeling you have awaken in I . the knife tremble in sorsha 's hand . madmartigan I be in love with you , sorsha . I do not want to be , but a power have enchant I and I stand helpless against it . it 's torture . Battle - field or prison cell be never half as cruel . he kneel onto she bed . her hand fall , she knife fall to the floor , she chest heave with fear and emo - tion . madmartigan I want you and I can not have you so I want you all the more . if this be another time and another place I would -- he stop . he look into she eye . Willow dash out of the tent with the baby . sorsha you would what ? madmartigan take sorsha in he arm and kiss she . her tremble body surrender to he . until : they hear a scream outside the tent . it all happen quickly . kael rip open the canvas and catch they in they embrace . in one hand he hold the baby . in the other hand : Willow . kael what 's go on here !! sorsha see the baby , see the empty crib , and smashes madmartigan hard across the face . sorsha deceiver !! kael hurl Willow across the tent and toss the baby in the straw . growl horribly he lunge at madmarti - gan . madmartigan roll away and see sorsha 's sword nearby . grab it . as kael draw he sword , madmarti - gan artfully slice away the center pole , and the en- tie tent collapse . ext . snow camp - morning body writhe under the fall mass of canvas , and ra - ziel hover and screech above . then , a silver blade slit through the tent , and out jump madmartigan wield sorsha 's sword . alarm ! nockmaar soldier and death dog charge across the snow . madmartigan battle they with incredible skill , back toward the mountain slope . wilow crawl out from under the corner of the tent , clutchign the baby . madmartigan kill several so - dier , littering the snow with body and weapon . Willow react , impressed by madmartigan 's swordsman - ship . madmartigan make the mistake of acknowledge it : he bow , prod and cocky . madmartigan whoops ! he slip on the ice and catch himself . nearby a shield skid off along the snow . madmartigan Willow ! jump on the shile ! kael howl and thrashes inside the collapse tent . then he gashes it open with he huge black sword . he see Willow and the baby get on the large shield . kael bowmen ! horse ! after they ! madmartigan run toward the shield . archer draw they bow . madmartigan turn and see sorsha beside kael . madmartigan sorsha ! I do not betray you . I love you ! as arrow rain down around he , madmartigan leap onto the shield behind wuillow . sorsha watch they as they slide away down the mountain , raziel flap and shriek overhead . kael kill they !! kael wave he sward and a crack squad of nockmaar horsemen gallop down the mountain after the sled - shield . ext . down the snowy mountain - day Willow hug the baby while he sit between madmartigan 's leg , and the shield zoom down the moun - tain , zig - zag through tree . madmartigan steer by use sorsha 's sword as a ski pole . the nockmaar horseman gallop after they . the shield skip and fly over snowdrift and bump . raziel squawk in terror above they . just miss tree and rock , they pick up speek . they eye sud - denly widen . Dead ahead be a huge wall of ice ! willow nooo !!! Willow shut he eye . the shield speed toward the wall . at the last moment madmartigan steer they into a small open , little more than a crack . raziel , nearly smash into the wall herself , soar up into the sky and lose they . int . ice tunnel - day they slide and sway down a long tube of ice , pick up incredible speed until they loop 360 degree upside - down and around and go shoot out a hole at the other end . ext . mountainside - day they soar thorugh the air . madmartigan and Willow shriek in terror . but elora danan giggle : she 's have - ing fun ! but in the air the shield go one way and they go another , flipping and hang onto one another and landing on soft snow with a fffump . inertia keep they roll . clump together , they tumble down the mountain , gath - ering snaw as they go , bounce and roll into a snowball that get bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger ! ext . village - day the snowball steamrolls toward a small village at the foot of the mountain . chldren look up and squeal with delight while the adult villager run for they life . it plow through the middle of the village , scatter peole and animal leave and right . at last it smashes against a stone house and crack open like a egg . raziel fly down and land on top of the snowball , flap she wing frantically . madmartigan crawl out as the villager rush up . they stand back in amaze - ment : the baby start cry . madmartigan Willow ! Willow ! be you all right ? madmartigan drag Willow and the baby out of the snow . Willow 's body be limp , he 's unconscious . then a vil - lager point up at the mountain . villager King kael ! another villager nockmaar troops ! madmartigan ( to villager ) help we . in the distance kael and he squad of about 15 horseman charge toward the village . the villager flee into they hut and house . madmartigan scoops up Willow and the baby . some villager usher they around a corner and into a house just as kael 's army invade the town . int . house cellar - day madmartigan be bustle underground thorugh a cellar into a hide storage room and a disguise door shut behind he . men , women and child huddle here in silence , like refugee or criminal . madmartigan hand the cry baby to a woman then lay Willow on the floor . suddenly a huge hand clamp he shoulder : he old friend and rival airk thaughbaer . airk madmartigan . settle down with a family huh ? madmartigan knock airk 's hand away . madmartigan you leave I to die , friend . airk you manage alright . madmartigan be this what 's leave of you army ? among the refugee be a handful of war- batter warri - ors . one of they , a officer look out through the ceiling beam . officer keep that baby quiet . they hear hoofbeat outside . airk give madmartigan a flask of whiskey . he squirt whiskey into Willow 's mouth and Willow cough and shudder awake . ext . village - day raziel fly onto a rooftop and look down . nockmaar soldier flood the village , dismount , kick down door , search house . then raziel see kael riding alongside sorsha . in she armor , at a distance , sorsha look fierce . but closer she eye show confusion , hesitation . kael watch she closely as he wave he sword at the vil - lage . kael where be it ! tell we or we will burn you village ! sorsha ! he shake she roughly . she dismount . raziel watch as sorsha and two other soldier enter the house where madmartigan and Willow be hide . int . house cellar - day Willow hold the baby tight . madmartigan , airk and the Officer watch through the crack . boot pound above , shaking dust down on they . a door open . nobody breathes . Willow bury the baby in he chest . madmartigan peek through the door . sorsha , alone , come down into the cellar . they see she . search . airk 's man reach for they sword , begin to draw . whisper : officer kill she . madmartigam shake he head . madmartigan you will draw the other . airk look at madmartigan curiously . madmartigan watch sorsha . she be right there , inch away . inaudibly , be say she name . at last she go back upstairs . int . house - upstair - day sorsha come up and begin to leave with the other two soldier . int . cellar in Willow 's arm , the baby let out a cry . int . house - upstair sorsha and the soldier stop and draw sword . the baby 's cry be suddenly drown out by a loud sdrrech . raziel flap in through a window and fly madly around the house , caw and shriek insanely . sorsha and the soldier sheathe they sword and leave . int . cellar everyone sigh with relief . ext . village - day in the distance the nockmaar army be set house ab - laze and kael be terrorize the flee people with he sword . sorsha mount she horse . her attention be momemtarily catch by a man across the street who , from the back , look like madmartigan . she gasp . the man turn around . she sag with disappointment , spur she horse , and ride off . the deadly squad of nockmaar horseman gallop out of the village . int . house - upstair - day madmartigan and Willow come upstairs with airk and he man . airk it 's you they be after , madmarti - gan . what do you do this time ? madmartigan they be not after I . they want the baby . live in the house be a scrawny , shifty - eye man name cuth . he watch and listen . airk who be this baby ? Willow step forward , both protective and proud . willow the princess , elora danan . they all know of she . they all sigh with respeck and awe , and they bow . people the prophecy have come true . airk give she to we . we will protect she . raziel screech from a ceiling beam . raziel not safe ! not safe ! Willow look up at raziel hopefully . willow we be take she to tir asleen . she will be safe there from bavmorda 's power . airk look up at raziel . then down at Willow . he clasp madmartigan 's arm . airk tir asleen be a myth . it do not exist . raziel it do ! it do ! I will show you ! airk impatiently wave the bird away and shove madmar - tigan in the chest . airk you gonna be a hero , madmartigan ? I have lose half my man fight kael , and bavmorda , and the nock - maar army . now you and this peck , and that magpie up in the rafter , be gonna take them on alone ? madmartigan ( challenging ) then come with we . airk angrily stab he finger at the floor . airk the war be here ! in town and vil - lage like this ! airk cross he arm and turn he back , look out at the burn house and the suffer family . airk you be chase a dream . madmartigan just get I some horse . airk glare at he furiously . then he kick open the door and storm out into the street . madmartigan and Willow hurry after he . ext . mountainside - village outskirt - day airk and he man , plus some villager , watch as madmar - tigan mount a large horse . then some villager help Willow wiggle up onto a small pony . they sling the baby over Willow 's back and stuff saddlebags with pro- vision madmartigan once again , airk , we say goodbye . sadly and cynically , airk laugh . airk one day one of we will stand on the other 's grave . they shake hand ruggedly . madmartigan nod at Willow and they head off . airk watch they go , clearly be - bivalent about stay behind . they ride up the snowy slope , raziel circle above . we see cuth . he scratch he filthy beard . he sneak off through the village , in the direction of the nock - maar army . ext . mountain - day snow circle around they as they climb . then , oddly , the mountain become warmer , and the snow melt away . they reach a slope of dark vitreous lava . raziel nockmaar ! nockmaar ! Far away , at the top of the mountain , loom the ominous catsle of nockmaar . the black lava flow from it like a deadly shadow . ext . cave of the eborsisk - day they horse rear up as they approach the mouth of the cave . raziel wait for they , circle and caw . raziel this way ! the cave ! they dismount and lead the horse . but the horse pan - ic , they frighten neigh voice echoing deep in the gloomy cave , and they break away and run off . Willow swallow hard . he and madmartigan follow raziel inside . int . cave of the eborsisk - day daylight be soon replace by the orange glow of molten lava . willow madmartigan ! I can not stand be in close - in place . madmartigan want I to carry elora ? willow I be use to she . how 's she do ? Willow wear the papoose on he back . madmartigan look in at the baby 's face . madmartigan she 's do a lot better than we be , peck . Willow and madmartigan laugh , which break the tension . then a geiser of steam hiss near they and a bat screech somewhere and the tension 's back . they keep go . int . deeper in the cave hot liquid drip from the ceiling . hiss steam bub - ble from the floor . they go single - file along a ledge over a foam lava pit . raziel be squawk way ahead in the distance . madmartigan Willow ... this may be a bad time to ask this question but ... what if raziel 's wrong ? willow she can not be wrong . she 's a very very very powerful sorceress . madmartigan she 's a bird , Willow . willow that 's my fault , not hers . I have get to keep practice . I be still in the learn stage but magic , madmartigan , require concentration and -- madmartigan watch it ! willow ahhh ! madmartigan lunge and grab Willow just as he be about to fall into the lava pit . he haul he to safety . they gasp with relief . then they head deeper into the cave . they stop . they hear something . something strange . then , something move on the wall . willow I hate this . the cave wall come to life . down they crawl ugly rock puffers , pillow - size wall crab that screech horribly like bat . madmartigan fight they off with he sword . the rock puffer bloat themselves up , tripling they size . madmartigan stab one and it hiss away like a untied balloon . suddenly , distant hoofbeat thunder and echo . madmar - tigan flash he sword and turn around , ready to de - fend Willow and the baby against the army . madmartigan go , Willow ! run! run! Willow listen as the hoofbeat get louder and louder . at last he turn and run deeper into the cave . mad - martigan wait . the nockmaar soldier , now increase to eighty , come charge down the cave . kael ride in the lead along - side the turncoat cuth . as they gallop along the ledge , cuth make the mistake of crowd kael , who a - grily elbos he , horse and all , into the boil pit . the army trample over the rock puffer , which explode underfoot . madmartigan brace himself as they stampede toward he . but suddenly the horseman all screech thir horse to a halt . the horse rear and back away . madmartigan stand there , wonder . then suddenly a shadow loom behind he . he turn . the eborsisk roar and the cave shake and thunder . it 's a enormous two -headed monster that do not like visitor . madmartigan Willow ! Willow ! he look around frantically . Willow be nowhere to be see . then the baby cry out . madmartigan see they , cower behind a rock . he run toward they . the eborsisk exhales flame over he head . kael go after they ! Soldiers obey kael and go after madmartigan . he fight they , hack down a few , while a few other be in - cinerate by the eborsisk . sorsha 's horse rear as she watch madmartigan battle for he life . archer shoot arrow , which pierce the eborsisk and make it even a - grier . Willow dig one of he magic acorn out of he pocket . a head of the eborsisk gnashes at madmartigan . madmar - tigan look to Willow for help . madmartigan hurry , Willow ! throw it ! Willow wind up and throw with all he might . the eborsisk blast a flame , which startles Willow , wreck - ing he aim . madmartigan 's eye pop open and he duck as the acorn whistle by he ear . the acorn bounce off a rock and fly back , trickle along the ground and hit a nockmaar soldier , who be already dead . the soldier 's body turn to stone . raziel look out ! one of the eborsisk 's head lunge toward the baby . raziel dive like a rocket and attack the monster 's eye as Willow whisk the baby away . then madmartigan leap up on the eborsisk . he climb up over its flame head and drive he sword down through its skull . the eborsisk howl horribly and its wounded head fall . madmartigan topple down its back and leap onto a horse , knock its rider off and , all in one swashbuckle move , scoop Willow and the baby up onto the back of the horse and gallop away . kael after they !! but as he horsement charge forward , the eborsisk fall to its knee , half - dead . the survive head blast the soldier with fire . they rear back on they horse and continue to battle the monster with arrow and spear . ext . cave - tir asleen - day they ride out of the mouth of the dark cave into a lush valley of flower . in the distance stand the beau - tiful castle of tir asleen . raziel zoom up out of the cave a fly above they as they gallop fullspeed to - ward it . she soar higher and higher and fly right over the castle wall . ext . tir asleen castle - day the door of the castle be half open . madmartigan and Willow gallop inside . int . tir asleen - day raziel fly down to meet they as they ride into the castle courtyard . a haunt wind drone amont twelve pillar which look like stone from a distance . raziel tir asleen . willow there 's nobody here . they approach the twelve pillar . raziel the Knights of the pacalcade . the king 's bravest warrior . suddenly they hear hoofbeat and a warcry . ext . tir asleen - day kael and he army charge out of the cave and trample across the valley of flower . int . tir asleen madmartigan rush to the heavy door and strain to shut it . raziel turn they back , Willow ! Willow stare at the twelve knight . willow how ?? raziel use the philosopher 's stone ! hur - ry ! invocation ! release they ! the castle door be rusted and old . madmartigan heave against it . outside he can see the army storming to - ward he . Willow dig out he philosopher 's stone . he squint and strain , concentrate he energy . willow being within , being without ! danu danu walkail funfawtha ! he continue to chant and to concentrate . one of the knight come to life . willow I do it ! madmartigan ! come here ! look ! you gotta see this ! I do it ! raziel more ! more ! madmartigan heave the door shut just as the army charge up , and he lock it with a huge bolt . ext . tir asleen - day the nockmaar horseman rear back form the lock door . kael assault ! scale the wall ! he send he man in all direction . they leap off they horse and hack down tree from the nearby wood . int . tir asleen Willow bring the knight to life , one by one . willow tuatha tuatha danu ! each knight shake himself into action . madmartigan follow they in a armory . willow raziel ! I transformed they all ! I be a magician ! raziel you do not transform they , Willow , you release they . that be noth - ing . now change I . Willow 's on a roll . he rub he hand together . willow I feel like I could do anything ! he drop to he knee and stretch he philosopher 's stone apart like a accordian . ext . tir asleen - armory madmartigan and the knight grab weapon and armor . two knight wheel a catapult out to the battlement . madmartigan wee , display specially on a rack , a com - plete set of armor of shine silver . he reach out to touch it . knight it belong to we king . int . tir asleen - courtyard the knight light a fire and boil vat of oil . Willow struggle to transform raziel , try to remember all he have learn . willow capture the enery ... limitless power of the will ... avvdachh doth indicht rredd baerkinhaekin ! raziel begin to change . from a bird , she expands , stretch , and turn into a goat . willow raziel ? be that you ? oh - oh . what happen ? raziel tilt she goat head . raziel I hate this . suddenly flame arrow rain down over the castle wall . Willow scoops up the baby and he and raziel run for cover . ext . tir asleen from they horse kael and sorsha watch as the soldier climb the wall . they suddenly hear a hack noise above and several nockmaar man tumble down the ladder . sorsha look up . High on the wall stand madmartigan , magnificently dress in the glimmer armor of the King ! kael roar and point he deadly sword up at madmarti - gan . then several soldier attack the castle door with a huge batter ram and smash it open . kael attack !! kael and sorsha gallop into the castle with otehr nock - maar horseman , while madmartigan continue to battle attacker on the castle wall . int . tir asleen Willow look up as the horseman charge into the court - yeard . he make a run for the hallway . six horsemen chase after he , jump off they horse and draw they sword . sorsha dismount , draw a sword , and stride up the stair toward the top of the wall . int . armory Willow run into the armory and set the baby down in a corner . the six horsement run in and corner he . he grab a enormous broadsword . swing it like a base - ball bat . the momentum of the heavy sword hurl Willow across the room . the blade pierce a nockmaar man . Willow grunt and yank the sword out . the remain soldier come after he . Willow swing and flash the sword as they close in on he . ext . tir asleen in the courtyard , raziel the goat butt a few soldier as the battle rage . up on the wall madmartigan stab a minion and send he hurtlin down the wall . then he turn around . five more enemy swordsman slash at he . madmartigan be amazing : spin - nig , lung , ducking , he take out one , two , three , four of they with ease . but not the fifth . it 's the nockmaar Lieutenant . he and madmartigan swordfight . the Lieutenant hack the sword out of madmartigan 's hand : it clatter down into the court - yeard . madmartigan throw up he arm . the Lieutenant 's sword clang against he wrist armor , knock madmartigan onto he back . with two hand the Lieutenant lift he sword high and go to kill madmartigan . madmartigan shut he eye . but nothing happen . madmartigan open he eye . the Lieutenant stand there , freeze , stare at he . then fall forward . roll over madmartigan . and plummet off the wall . in he place stand sorsha , hold a bloody sword . madmartigan sorsha . sorsha madmartigan . he prop himself up on he elbow and smile . madmartigan whose side be you on ? she reach down and pull madmartigan to he foot . sorsha your . they look into each other 's eye . they go to embrace . minion arrrggghhh ! out of nowhere a nockmaar minion attack they , he sword flash over he head . sorhsa hardly move . she simply dust he off the wall with she sword . she turn back to madmartigan . sorsha I love you . they armor clank as they throw they arm around each other and kiss , high up on the castle wall . int . tir asleen - courtyard kael look up from he horse . kael sorsha !! he see sorsha and madmartigan come down the wall , fight nockmaar troops . kael hold up he great hand . in it he hold the baby . kael bordak ! kael wave he man after sorsha and madmartigan . kael kill they both ! he laugh viciously then gallop toward the castle door . as he reach it he abruptly stop . ext . tir asleen two hundred horsemen be charge straight toward kael . led by airk thaughbaer ! closer , riding in airk 's saddlebags , with they tiny dagger flash , be the long - lose brownie , teemo and rool ! int . tir asleen kael stuff the baby deep inside he tunic . kael troops ! to nockmaar ! ride with I ! ext . tir asleen kael and he man gallop across the valley of flower and hack they way through airk 's army . ext . tir asleen kael and he man gallop across the valley of flower and hack they way through airk 's army . int . tir asleen madmartigan and sorsha mount horse . Willow stagger out of the armory , wounded and bleed . willow I be sorry . there be too many of they . madmartigan scoops he up . with seven survive knight , they ride out . ext . tir asleen many of kael 's man fall in battle . but kael and a dozen horseman plow through and escape into the cave . madmartigan ride up to airk thaughbaer and they horse powerfully dance around each other . madmartigan out for a little ride in the coun - try , airk ? airk think you might get lonely , mad - martigan ! then they drop the bravado and clasp hand . madmartigan thank you , friend . airk let 's go . they charge into the cave . the clamor of they hoofbeat echoe and then fade to silence . the valley be litter with fall soldier . then , raziel trot out of the castle . she clip-clop across the valley and follow the other to the cave . ext . volcanic mountainside - day the nockmaar horseman race out of the cave and gallop up the obsidian mountain toward the dark castle . the army of tir asleen thunder out of the cave in pur - suit . arrow fire back and forth . the tir asleen army stay right on the enemy 's tail . Willow hang on to madmar - tigan for dear life . airk and madmartigan ride side by side , perfect team - work , and cut a few nockmaar ment down . then madmartigan turn and see sorsha ride up past everybody . what a rider she be ! she surprise a cou - ple of nockmaar soldier , swordfight as she ride , kill they both . but she can not catche kael . he ride ahead of everyone else , whipping he horse at a in - credible speed toward the castle . the chase continue up the mountain . the tir asleen army keep fire arrow at the enemy , or cut they down with they sword , until only two nockmaar man ride behind kael . at last kael reach the castle drawbridge and leap onto it as it begin to rise . his two remain horseman leap after he but fall short and tumble into the dry craggy moat . the drawbridge shut with a loud echoing klungg ! mad - martigan and arik screech to a halt on the brink of the moat . they look up . the castle loom , huge , dark , powerful , evil . madmartigan sorsha ! any way in there ? sorsha ride up to he side . sorsha no . the fortress be protect on all side . the tir asleen warrior , dwarf by the huge black wall , look at one another with doubt and worry . airk make camp ! we will assault at dawn . the army dismount and begin to unpack supplies . it be late in the day and shadow lengthen toward evening . int . nockmaar castle - late afternoon kael carry the baby through the castle and climb up the gloomy narrowing stair of the queen' tower . he come to a large door and hesitates a moment , show fear . then creak the door open . int . queen't tower bavmorda look up . kael cower , afraid of she evil power . bavmorda kael ! carve in the floor be a magician 's circle , and in the very middle of this be a sacrificial altar make of shine copper . bavmorda stand over the altar , wear - ing black robe . behind she stand two decrepit druid . kael bow . kael Queen bavmorda . I have the child . the baby squirm and cry . seethe with hate , bav - morda reach out she arm , then shrink back . bavmorda we must start the ritual ! she hear noise outside the castle . bavmorda who be that ? kael a army of rebel and traitor . bavmorda close she eye , hold out she hand and feel the vibration and energy around she . psychically : bavmorda where be sorsha ? kael she have turn against you . bavmorda open she eye furiously . to she druid : bavmorda purify the altar ! arrange the im - plement ! I will deal with sorsha ! the druid take the baby from kael . bavmorda storm out the door . ext . nockmaar caslte - dusk the tir asleen rebel pitch tent and build fire . then they feel a terrible presence and look up at the castle wall . amid torch and hideous minion , bavmor - da leer down at they and laugh . bavmorda this be not a army ! sorsha look up , and she mother seem to laugh right at she . madmartigan step forward . see he in the ar- mor of the King , bavmorda stop laugh , take aback . raziel Willow ! get out of here ! Quick ! hide ! raziel suddenly butt Willow into a tent . int . tent willlow tumble into the tent and raziel follow he . raziel get down ! the ritual chant ! Quick ! protect yourself ! willow why ? raziel just do it ! Willow take out he philosopher 's stone and begin to chant . ext . nockmaar castle madmartigan face the queen . madmartigan we have come for elora danan ! turn she over to we ! bavmorda stab she finger down at he . bavmorda you dare to challenge I ? you be not warrior . you be pig ! she wave she hand , casting a horrible spell over the army . madmartigan 's body begin to change its shape . his armor break apart . he grow hideous . bavmorda you be all pig ! the rebel soldier panic and run . slowly , horribly , they all expand and contort , rip out of they armor and clother , casting down they weapon and shield . sorsha mother ! no !! bavmorda you make you decision ! bavmorda point at sorsha , and sorsha , too , begin to change . the mountainside become a sea of writhe flesh . every one of the tir asleen army be transformed into a pig . int . queen' tower - dusk bavmorda throw open the door . her druid be bind the baby in a leather thong . bavmorda begin the ritual . now ! Light the first candle . a druid light on of thirteen enormous candle . bav - morda glare up at the roof . in the middle of it be a large circular hole show the starlit sky . bavmorda come , thunder . come lightning . touch this altar with you pwer . come into my tower ... lightn flash faintly and thunder rumble in the distance . bavmorda smile with satisfaction . a druid place the baby on the altar . the other druid hit a loud go , once . bavmorda enter the magician 's Circle . her face contort as she recite : bavmorda Dark rune , dark power ! blend and bind , bind and blend , universal night ! and the might of nockmaar ! magically she produce a razor - sharp knife . lightn flash again , get closer . int . tent - night Willow be crouch on he knee , chant with she eye close . raziel it 's over , Willow . you do well . you protect yourself . Willow look up . he hear the grunt outside . with great trepidation , he crawl to the tent door . ext . nockmaar castle - outside tent - night Willow shudder in horror at the grotesque sight . amid horse and tent and weapon , hundred of pig wander about . Willow stand and walk through they . he look down at one point and see rool and teemo : two tiny baby pig . then he turn and run back into the tent . int . tent - night Willow collapse to he knee beside raziel . willow I have come all this way and now elora dana 's go to die ! raziel no ! I can still defeat bavmorda ! willow she 's too powerful , raziel raziel sternly stamp the ground with she hoof . raziel a true magician , Willow , never surrender . she be a sorceress -- I be a sorceress ! transform I now and I will destroy she ! hexagram ! Willow grab a sword and draw a hexagram around ra - ziel . he step outside of it , hold up he philosopher 's stone and begin he magic . willow banish all disturbing force from this place . Fire , water , above and below . Balance . Balance . bal - ance . raziel begin to change . Willow wrestle with he own power of concentration and will , now and then lose strength . raziel ( voice distort ) do not give up ! Willow ! he chant and strain . raziel momentarily change into a partly - form grotesque creature . then into a deer . then she become human . at last she become herself , a once - beautiful and now elderly woman . Willow cover she unclothed body with a simple smock . willow raziel ! she look down at she old hand . then she eye focus with purpose . raziel we have get a lot of work to do , wil - low . bring in we brave man . Willow open the tent . some pig shuttle in , and ra - ziel begin to change they back into warrior . ext . nockmaar castle - night station high on the castle wall , three nockmaar min - ions laugh and drink . then they hear the terrible scream of the baby . they look up at the Queen 's Tower . int . queen' tower - night a druid hit the ceremonial go , twice . the baby shriek . stand over she , bavmorda crush a piece of glass with she bare hand and drop the fragment into a witch 's bottle . bavmorda Black fire forever kindle within , let the second right begin ! with a pair of razor - sharp shear she clip the baby 's tiny fingernails and sprinkle they into the witch 's bottle . the bottle glow and spark , and the heaven asnwer with distant thunder . ext . nockmaar castle - night in the dark tir asleen camp some figure crouch low and hurry from tent to tent . closer , the face of rebel warrior , watch the castle wall . fear . int . tent - night Willow , raziel , madmartigan , sorsha , airk thaughbaer and a dozen rebel warrior argue back and forth . airk uphill with we rough weapon , we will never make it ! sorsha elora danan will die ! raziel by dawn , upon thirteen toll of the runic drum ! warrior bavmorda be too powerful . we need more force . I say we retreat ! the other warrior agree . raziel bavmorda cannot transform you . I have protect this camp with a spell . madmartigan can you use you magic to get we man into the fortress , raziel ? raziel shake she head . raziel bavmorda have shield it with a spell of she own . the warrior grumble and protest . in a corner , rool and teemo poke they head in under the canvas . curi - ously they look at Willow , who sit in silence and deep though , scratch the ground with he fingernail . the warrior rumble . willow wait !! Willow jump to he foot . they all turn to he . willow I have a idea . back in my village we catch a lot of hedgehog . madmartigan Willow , this be war , not agricul - ture ! willow I know , I know ! but this be a way to get into that castle ... the all gather around Willow to listen . int . queen' tower - night Thunder rumble . bavmorda look up . her face be gra - dually become more grotesque as the ritual proceed . a druid hit the go three time . now three candle be light . the baby scream on the altar . with a demonic laugh , bavmorda dig she hand into a deep vat of blood then raise they over she head . the blood run down she arm into the fold of she black cloak . int . tent - night they all look at Willow . airk it 's too much work . warrior it can not be do . sorsha kael will never fall for it . Willow look hopefully at madmartigan . madmartigan ( doubtful ) I do not know , Willow . willow madmartigan , you promise I you would take care of elora danan like you own daughter . she be all that matter . be you go to abandon she ? madmartigan turn away and scratch he beard . airk come on , madmartigan . you gonna listen to a peck ? you and I be warrior . you know this plan will never work . frustrate and tear , madmartigan brushes airk away . the man rally with airk . mdmartigan go over to sor - sha . madmartigan we will probably die here , sorsha . sorsha I have no family . the go ring four time . raziel turn to airk and he man . raziel if we do not fight , and the baby die , all hope for the future be lose . I shall face the danger alone if I have to . the man shake they head . willow I , too . madmartigan , still tear by indecision , raise he arm and silence the protest . madmartigan time be run out . we must now decide who 's go to leave and who be go to stay ... ext . nockmaar castle - night Light pulsate in the Queen 's Tower . int . queen' tower - night the druid cower behind bavmorda , whose face have take on the hideous feature of a hellish beast . the baby have be streak with ritual paint . bavmorda ocht veth nockkthirth bordak ! her voice growl a sicken chant , and light shoot out of she claw - liek finger , envelop the baby . the baby levitate above the altar in a cocoon of light . ext . nockmaar castle - dawn the sun rise over the volcanic mountain . the go strike twelve time . pan across the slope outside the castle . the tir asleen army be go . litter across the ground be flatten tent , borken wagon a dis - card shield . the wind howl , take bit of debris with it . alone on the desert mounatinside stand Willow and rz - ziel . raziel time be run out . willow surrender !! nockmaar soldier peer down and laugh . Willow and ra - ziel trek closer to the castle wall . Willow cup he mouth . willow we be all - powerful magician ! give we the baby or we will destroy you !! the nockmaar soldier roar with laughter . kael kill they ! the great drawbridge fall across the moat . Willow clutches a spear and tremble nervously . raziel patience , Willow . willow courage , Willow . hoofbeat . EIGHT horsemen ride out of the castle with sword high . Willow lift he spear with two hand . turn . and smashes the spear on the ground , strike a loud war drum ! suddenly madmartigan leap out of the ground on horse - back ! and the entire mountainside come to life . tents and shield fly away and out of pit and trenches the tir asleen army charge with one loud warcry ! the eight nockmaar horseman be quickly cut down . the rebel storm across the drawbridge into the castle . airk thaughbaer scoops Willow up on he horse , and sor - sha scoops raziel up on hers . int . nockmaar courtyard - continuous madmartigan lead the assault , cut down nockmaar minion as they run out to defend the fortress . sorsha slide off she horse with raziel . airk set Willow down . sorsha lead Willow and raziel into a dark hall - way . rebel warrior storm into the courtyard . madmartigan circle behind airk , they horse dance handsomely . airk let 's squah them ! in unison , they sword flash and they charge across the courtyard chopping down the enemy . ent castle hallway - day sorsha hurry Willow and raziel down a dark hallway . they come to a corner . sorsha no , Willow !! she grab he by the collar and yank he back . a huge death dog leap out wiht a gnash roar and sorsha kill it with she sword . Willow sag with relief and the woman grab he hand and haul he further down the tunnel . int . tower stairway - day they come to the gloomy stair that corkscrew up into the Queen 's Tower . Willow climb nervously behind ra - ziel and sorsha . at the top in the door . Light throbs behind it . suddenly they hear a loud shriek and the door shake and bang . Willow fal to he knee , freeze with fear . sorsha I will face my mother alone . Willow and raziel stay back on the stair . sorsha climb to the door . courageously , she open it . int . queen' tower - day bavmorda 's monstrous face fill the screen . bavmorda sorsha !! sorsha recoil in horror . bavmorda look barely human : she have transformed into a grotesque witch . she wave she gnarled hand and she druid attack sorsha . sorsha kill they . the baby lie under a deathlike spell on the copper altar . sorsha I will not let you kill she ! bavmorda 's voice be a demonic growl ! bavmorda you be a weakling . like you fa - the ! can you not see that I be about to become all - powerful ! lightn explode overhead . sorsha lunge for the baby . but bavmorda stop she with a powerful energy force . sorsha no !! pulsate light lift sorsha , levitate she across the room , and drive she toward a wall of spike . just as she be about to be implae , another force stop she . bavmorda can sense the source of it : bavmorda raziel ...!! the door fly open . the twelve burn candle all blow out . there stand raziel . sorsha fall to the floor , unconscious . raziel raise she arm magnifi - cently . the sorceress face each other . int . castle courtyard - day Battle rage . madmartigan and airk lead the assault , and the tir asleen rebel push back the nockmaar minute - ion . down low , where weapon and body fall and horse clop and stamp , the brownie scurry along in terror , arm cross over they head , look for shelter . like mouse , they dart up some stair . then a huge boot nearly crush they . the dive away and look up . tower high above they , kael let out a loud warcry . and brandish two weapon , a huge sword and a huge axe . madmartigan and airk turn and see kael . they look at each other . like samurai warrior they stand ready . kael ralle he weapon and charge toward they . int . tower stairway - day Willow creep toward the door . it suddenly throbs and flash . he jump back . int . queen' tower - day bavmorda and raziel oppose each otehr , circle the al - tar . the air between they crackle and spark with the concentration of energy between they . raziel the baby will be queen . it have be foretold , bavmorda . bavmorda my ritual will kill the prophecy ! now the child die with it , its en - ergy exile into oblivion ! ( lightning flash ) you see ? I hold the power of the universe ! raziel not until you ritual be complete ! bavmorda and who will stop I ? the element be slave to my command ! she point at the sky . as if obery she , lightning flash and thunder crack . raziel there be no one who can match you sorcery . except I ! raziel wave she arm and light suddenly swirl around the room . bavmorda counter , and chair come to life , turn into beast . object fly about . the tower be - come a storm of chaos and witchcraft . int . castle courtyard - day kael swing he axe and sword at airk and madmartigan . he roar at he army , and six nockmaar swordsman hurry over to fight with he . madmartigan and airk split up . madmartigan battle the six swordsman . airk battle kael , who back airk up stair on the castle wall . madmartigan fight in the courtyard . he hear a yell and look up . kael strike airk down . madmartigan airk !! airk fall down the stair . madmartigan finish off the swordsman , then run to he , grab he bleed body . madmartigan airk ! airk ! madmartigan madmartigan ... you be a brave warrior ... a true friend ... a good man ... madmartigan we be gonna win this war , airk . a incredible smile light up airk 's face as he die . madmartigan stand . pick up he sword . and go up the stair after kael . int . queen' tower - day the sorceress continue they battle . they change each other into various beast . they fight , physically and magically . in the midst of chaos , the door open . Willow poke in he head , reacting in fear . then sneak around the wall of the room and make a dash for the baby . bavmorda as above , so below ! Universe of evil , raziel ! it conquer even you ! bavmorda hurl a final spell at raziel , crippling she , throw she into a corner . bavmorda laugh and go to the altar . the baby be go . Willow race toward the door with the baby . the door suddenly slam shut . bavmorda 's voice roar out : bavmorda * stop ! bring back that child !!!* Willow stop . he turn around . bavmorda tower over he , grotesque , monstrous , poise to destroy Willow with she magic . bavmorda who be you ? willow I be Willow ufgood . I be a magician . bavmorda laugh . willopw slowly walk toward she . he dig into he pocket . take out the last magic acorn . willow I be a * great * magician . Willow throw the acorn at bavmorda . her hand shoot out and catch it . the acron begin to turn she to stone , petrify she hand , she wrist , she arm . Willow back away , feel successful . but with intense con - centration of she evil will , bavmorda fight off the acron 's spell . it reverse : she arm , wrist and hand turn back to flesh . she crush the acorn in she finger and let the dust fall to the floor . bavmorda be that the extent of you power ? Willow stand there helplessly . Thunder crack and lightning flash through the open ceiling above the altar . int . castle courtyard - day the tir asleen rebel , outnumber and overpower the nockmaar army , fight toward ultimate victory . madmartigan battle kael on the wall outside the Queen 's Tower . up and up they go . a spectacular swordfight . until finally , madmartigan stab kael through the heart . kael screech and fall through the air into the moat . madmartigna hurry toward the top of the tower . int . queen' tower - day bavmorda look up at the sky then down at Willow . bavmorda place it on the altar . willow no . you can not have she . bavmorda by ritual , by sorcery , I well draw the lightning and send this child into the destructive realm . Willow straighten up , boldly , courageously . willow and with my magic I will send she into the ... into the ... he grope for a word . bavmorda laugh at he . bavmorda you be no magician . willow into the good . bavmorda instantly stop laugh . she eye flash . bavmorda even I do not have the power to do that . you be a fraud . Willow suddenly start chant , loudly and desperate - ly . raziel open she eye and watch . the chent confuse bavmorda . then , Willow cleverly whip the baby under he leg and behind he back and suddenly she 's go ! bavmorda impossible ! bordak ! bordak ! bavmorda fly into a rage . she lunge across the copper altar . Thunder and lightning ! bavmorda aaaaahhhh !!! a bright fork of lightning , conjure by she own evil , shoot in through the ceiling and strike she . she howl in pain . her body contort then burst into flame and burn into a shriveling pillar of ash . madmartigan break open the door and stomr in . he scoops up sorsha , revive she with a kiss . and as if bavmorda 's death have end evil and oppre - sion , raziel stand up with renew strength . raziel Willow ... Willow ...how ... how do you do that ? Willow bend down under a nearby chair and pick up the sleep baby . willow it be just the old disappear pig trick . elora danan 's eye open . and sunlight flood into the tower . ext . tir asleen - day flag fly hihg above the wondrous caslte . the valley be lush with flower , and the kingdom be once abain alive with happy activity . at the door of the castle , Willow stnd beside a cute little white pony . the court of tir asleen have gath - ere to see he off . madmartigan , in robe and armor worthy of a king , stand proudly beside he queen , sor - sha , who hold the baby princess , elora danan . a trumpet blare . raziel come forward from inside the castle , dress in druid robe , carry a sacred book . raziel Willow ufgood . take this Book of sorcery . you be on you way to become a great magician . Willow accept the book . everyone applaud . Willow smile gratefully and humbly . he glance down and no - tice rool and teemo , who have be civilized to a de - gree with page boy uniform , fuzzy haircut , and nifty little sword . madmartigan and sorsha come forward , with elora danan . willow you dream have come true , madmarti - gan . madmartigan smile with thanks . madmartigan Goodbye , peck . Willow have one last look at the baby . she smile and giggle at he . he happily give she a kiss . willow farewell , elora danan . suddenly Willow fly up in the air . madmartigan lift he onto the pony 's back . Willow and madmartigan shake hand warmly . and Willow ride across the valley of flower , everybody wave goodbye to he . ext . nelwyn village - day musician stike up a welcoming march . Willow ride thorugh he village on he little pony , proudly carry - ing the sacred book . the nelwyn people swarm around he , wild with excitement and celebration . meegosh run up , deliriously happy . the High aldwin come forward , beam with pride , and honors Willow with a nod of approval . Willow present he with the book . Old burglekutt peer out . his mouth drop open and he shrink away from the crowd . kiaya Willow !! Willow stand up in he stirrup . he see kiaya fight - ing she way through the crowd to reach he . willow kiaya !! he jump off he pony and run to she . they collide , kiss and embrace . then ranon and mim jump on they father and hug he . family and friend smother they homecome hero with love ! * the end *