willard body { background - color : " # ffffff " ; font -family : courier New , helvetica , san -serif ; font-size :10.0pt } div { position : absolute ; leave :5 px ; top:20 px ; width:734px ; height :500 px ; } #loc { font - family : courier New ; font-size :10.0pt ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.2in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:0.8in;text-transform :uppercase } #slug { font-size : 10.0pt ; font - family : courier New ; font -weight : normal ; margin- top :0in ; margin-right :1.2in ; margin-bottom :0 in ; margin- leave :0.8in ; text - transform : uppercase ; } #act {font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.8in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :0.8in } #speaker {font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.8in;text-transform :uppercase } #spkdir { font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.7in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.2in } #dia {font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.6in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :1.6in } # pg { font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.75in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :6.5 in } #right { font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:0.75 in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :5.0 in } < !-- google_ad_client = " pub-7685866183814465 " ; google_alternate_ad_url = " http://www.horrorlair.com/defaultad_486.html " ; google_ad_width = 468 ; google_ad_height = 60 ; google_ad_format = " 468x60_as " ; google_ad_channel = " 0948875253 " ; google_color_border = " cccc99 " ; google_color_bg = " cccc99 " ; google_color_link = " 333300 " ; google_color_url = " 666633 " ; google_color_text = " cc3300 " ; //--> Main titles rat in the basement int . basement - willard' house - night in the pitch darkness of a old shivery east coast cellar , the audience sit amongst silence . then ... rising from the theatre's rear speaker ... faint tiny claw , many , move as one , scuttle ; seemingly in the roof of the theatre . chewing . scratching . tearing . a elderly woman , shrill and startling , call out in the dark . mrs . stile willard ! ( beat ) there be rat in the basement ! the scuttling stop . silence . beat ; another , then ... a metal doorknob , distinctive to a classic antiquated house , clack and echoe . o.s. , a door slowly squeak open . from a upstairs room , a rhomboidal patch of light creep across the top right of frame . within the light hold the hesitant shadow of a average size man at the summit of a flight of stair , descend into a cold , dark cellar . o.s. , a light switch flip . a flash ! a exaggerated pop ! the light bulb blow in the f.g. , a fuse - box crackle , spray tiny blue spark , then return to darkness . the shadow flip the light switch with anxious futility . the basement remain dark . the shadow sigh , shrink , before the man descend a os set of stair ; the riser bare . the age wood creak . eerie as arrive at a landing , he enter frame . remain in silhouette , yet backlit by the light spilling into the cellar from the upper room . although face obscure by darkness , he posture reflect a dread as he continue down the stair . upon reach the cement floor , camera creep back . the light be dim , yet enough to reveal a fuse - box beside wooden storage shelf lining the wall . with a hand against the stone wall as a guide in the darkness , the figure move to the fuse - box . open the fuse - box door release residual snake blue smoke . he twist the fuse ; tap on they . nothing . close the fuse - box , he notice the wire have be chew . with cautious loathing , the man blindly continue to the shelf and rummages through the supplies . his hand find a shoe box label fuse and begin slide it off the shelf . until ... he petrify . camera sweep into the shoebox lid revealing half a dozen taper rat dropping . aghast , the figure quickly pull he hand away , tremble in the gray light . he hold . still shaking , the hand quickly remove a toilet plunger from a shelf . camera follows the improvise weapon as it rise several shelf . chew hole replace the quaker 's eye on a tube of oatmeal give the pilgrim 's smile the appearance of a madman . the toilet plunger poke around , discover chew hole in box of jello and jiffy - pop . even candle and can food have be gnaw . tense , the plunger pull away knock item off the shelf . a reflective glint roll into frame . the bulb end of a cheap flashlight be grab by the man and hurriedly light . as the small light flare ... scuttle . the man spin toward the SOUND ... in the flashlight beam a glimpse , yet ... a unmistakable glimpse ... of several rat tail dash through a hole in a mesh screen ; disappear beneath the house . willard camera push in on willard stile , 30' . under - light by the tremble flashlight , still in he short sleeve white collar shirt and cheap tie work clothes . camera continue ... moving close on he puppy like eye ; lock on the mesh screen across the room . camera continue until this eye fill the frame ; this eye ... afraid . int . duane reade drug store - night - close-2-shot a line draw of a mouse , ear and tail , sit in the center of a red circle and slash ; in the chief of the d- con herald . willard agonize over a laminate placard chain to the store shelf . willard' Pov - placard d-con guide to rodent Control ... willard sigh , reach out and hold the guide ... willard' Pov - d- con guide to rodent control his finger search through question on the far right . " what type of rodent do you have ? " " mice " , " rat " . " where will product be use ? " " High traffic area ( Kitchen , family room , etc . ) " low traffic area ( attic , garage , basement , etc ... ) the finger pause upon ... " do you want proof you catch the rodent ? " * yes , I want proof . * no , I do not want to see or come in contact with a dead mouse / rat . " willard perspiration bead on he forehead . d-con guide to rodent control ( filling the frame ) willard 's tremble finger settles beneath ... " no , I do not want to see or come in contact with a dead mouse / rat ... " the finger move across the guide to the recommend d- con product which be " mouse - prufe ii " . willard search the shelf with he eye . close - duane reade shelve camera pass over several sicken option . a package of a electronic pest repeller illustrate spider , moth and rat flee from concentric circle of ultra sound . the giant destroyer be powder sodium nitrate ; " the effective Gas killer ! kill gopher , mole , Woodchuck , rat , skunk & Ground Squirrels ! " Zep commerical offer " pest glue traps " ; square of cardboard with dab of adhesive . " traps cricket , spider , scorpion , cockroach and larger pest ! " willard frustration increase ; rummage the shelf . he hold ... willard be Pov - store shelve the store marker indicate the location of " mouse prufe ii . " the area , however , be empty . the store be sell out . wide overhead angle Bright fluorescent light glare upon willard stand before the pest control section ; a aisle amongst several aisle . while he be motionless , other customer move amongst the aisle like lab rat in a maze ... ext . STREET - old brooklyn height - night Dead leave blow across a crack sidewalk . a pair of wear wing - tip shoe enter frame . camera follows the shoe adjust to reveal willard proceeding along the way . camera follows willard , pass nineteenth century brownstone house . several be under renovation ; cage by scaffold . other be for sale , mark by high - end realtor sign . camera move ahead of willard until pause on a corrode bronze plaque mark " stile " . camera pause as willard , carry a duane reade bag , start up the step . camera pull back to reveal a three - story brownstone suggest hint of a proud past , turn pathetically decrepit , dark , and sad . the first and second level window be bar . High above , center , sit a yellow stain glass dormer window beneath a mansard roof . int . willard' house - night the whistling wind gust as willard enter , hold a bag of large wood Victor rat trap . several real estate agency business card and solicitation be attach with rubber band to the doorknob . willard remove and toss the call card atop a stack of mail atop a desk - table . close - table the new solicitation fall up several dozen previous offer . int . basement - willard' house - night - extremely close Metal coil strain as a thick copper bow be pull back . a locking bar be place over the bow and engage on the curve portion of the bait pedal , dabbe with peanut butter . suddenly ! the lock bar slip out of place . the bow release ! smack ! willard drop the rat trap , clutching the knuckle of he index finger . faintly splatter with peanut butter , he suck on he throbbing knuckle . angry , he pick up the trap intend to heave it against the wall . his eye however , flash upwards ; considerate of not waking someone in the house , upstairs . holding the trap , he take a closer look . pull the bow , he feel the tension . releasing it , he imagine the death blow . SNAP ! he pull back the bow ; release it . SNAP ! willard appear repulse by the medieval device . and yet ... he consider the power over another life which lie in he hand . he pull back the bow ; release it . SNAP ! as he continue , hypnotize by the rat trap , camera pull away , as if to leave willard alone in the cellar . SNAP ! several successfully set rat trap encircle he . he pull back the bow ; release it . SNAP ! camera now shift ... panning . across the cellar to the small hole in the wire mesh , lead beneath the house . willard be not alone . as camera push in , through the darkness and howling wind outside , .. two quarter-sized opalescent circle reflect light in a manner unique to animal eye . os , SNAP ! the flashlight spill create the illusion of mean , furrow brow . whisker extend six inch in each direction from the snout . camera creep towards a enormous greasy eighteen inch black norwegian rat ; watch willard . this be BEN . SNAP ! awful mother , awful name int . parlor - willard' house - night two stuff pheasant silhouettes frame the f.g. , position high upon a bookshelf , os , a clock peal . across the dim room of dark wood , willard appear and start up a staircase . the clock chime . he check he timex wristwatch , then sigh with frustration . as he start down the stair , camera move right , as if along the wall ; black figure of stuff animal pass between willard and camera . reaching the fireplace mantle , camera hold as if settling upon the mantle . camera be always a touch above eye level on willard . loom above he be a ornately handle funeral urn . he check he watch , reach to the mantle , and reset the clock . after wind several revolution , he wipe at the layer of dust , lead the urn . he freeze ! sad and pine . reverse - lower angle like a fade omnipresent memory , a portrait of a pin stripped suite captain of industry yet also a kindly father in he early fifty hang above the urn in the dim light . a engrave identify the urn as the ash of " Alfred Benjamin stile . love husband and father . 1944-1995 . " return - willard - higher angle camera match the move on willard 's expression , lose in fond but pain memory of he father ... int . 2 nd story landing - hallway - willard' house - night willard 's shadow stretch across a wall as he move up the stair . willard turn off the downstairs light and continue along the hallway . outside , the cold wind continue howling . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) willard . willard hold before a bedroom , door ajar . camera creep into he ; eye reluctantly turn toward the room . willard be Pov - he mother' bedroom a slash of autumn light cut across a pair of elderly female eye , reflect a iridescent gray ; eerie , like a animal . the encircle skin be pale . the lid , line a die pink . although at the core the woman 's voice be a loving mother . the edge be shrill and nag . mrs . stile what be you do ? willard holding in the hallway , dry and well mannered . willard I be go to bed . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) it 's late ! willard yes . I be go to bed . good night , mother . he begin move off , then freeze upon ... mrs . stile ( o.s. ) what be you do down there , so late ? willard you say there be rat . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) do you see they ?! pause . a smile spread over willard which he mother can read as reassure , however , he 's enjoy lie to she . willard there be no rat . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) there be ! ( catch she breath ) all we neighbor move away and all this new people remodeling the house be stir up rat . the smile quickly fade . willard have you be to the basement ? mrs . stile ( o.s. ) oh , you know I can not . but I know they be there . I smell they ! all my life I could smell mouse . willard smell mouse . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) and hear they ! do not you hear they down there ?! willard it 's just the wind . there be no rat . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) ( a tubercular sigh ) come in here . camera inches , again ... close to willard . his expression reflect neither disgust or hate ...just ... reluctance . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) come in here ! willard clear frame , move toward he mother 's bedroom ... int . mrs . stile ' bedroom - continuous Mrs. stile wear a mousy light brown fleece nightgown beneath a down comforter and still suffer chill . she be propped against pillow , three deep ; the case blott with dry yellow and gray fluidal stain . willard enter and stand at she bedside . although she take he hand , he mother never look at he while she talk ; close she eye or busy herself , but never look into he eye and truly see he . mrs . stile I be sorry I have be such a bad mother to you ... willard move to she with sincerity and warmth , carefully remove the pillow behind she and fluffing they . willard you have be ... you be ... a wonderful mother . mrs . stile it 's my fault you life be waste . holding a pillow at each end , he be about to return it to its original position , yet the comment freeze he . for a beat ... he 's in a tempting position to suffocate she . yet , he carefully ease she forward , place the pillow behind she , and gently return he mother to a comfortable position . mrs . stile willard ... conflict , unable to see she so ill and yet anxious to leave the room , he force a warm smile , as if " yes , mother ? " mrs . stile what a awful name . willard . ( sigh ) if you have a stronger name , Frank Martin would not push you around . willard hold , hurt , aware he mother be not daffy or Alzheimer 's dement , rather , unwittingly mean . mrs . stile or maybe you would have find a girlfriend if you would have a more handsome name . Mark or Kyle . Clark . ( beat ) from now on , willard , you be name 's Clark . Mrs. stile settles back and close she eye . mrs . stile good night , Clark . as willard hold in the darkness , stoic , yet want to cry ... int . willard' bedroom - continuous in a queen size bed , natural shadow create by bar window fall across willard , awake . the wind have die . it be quiet . then ... from within the ceiling ... a pit -a- PAT be first heard in the rear speaker of the theatre . claw scuttle . click click click . seemingly move from rear to forward speaker , as if over the audience . camera creep forward , toward willard , freeze with anxiety by the tiny scratch claw . as camera reach willard , a beat of silence . then snap ! o.s. , in the basement , a rat trap be set off . SNAP ! another . SNAP ! SNAP ! SNAP ! as willard slam he eye shut . int . basement - morning click ! a flashlight beam cut the darkness . willard hold at the top of the landing . camera sweep up the beam revealing willard 's baffle and distraught expression : willard' Pov - cellar the dozen trap have all be trip , however , every one be empty . there be not a dead rat in sight . he want to see you ext . factory - day a old brick and iron decorative arch extend over the walkway to a factory ; designate " martin-stile Iron Works . " a sub-sign clarifies : " industrial & commercial fence . " on the large sign , " Martin " have clearly be add in recent year and maintain , as have manufacactur " , while " stile " have be allow to oxidize and drip green . late , willard , with a hand - me-down leather accordion briefcase under he arm hustle beneath the archway . a old decorative iron fence frame the factory grounds . ext . parking lot - factory - morning willard sigh with dread while check he cheap watch . approach the factory office , he note ... a parking space a mid-ninety cadillac be park in the power spot . a sign on the brick wall declare : reserve - mr. martin int . hallway - elevator - morning the building be erect during the first world war . perfunctory pastiche renovation have create a sampling of lifeless 20th century office building decor . camera follows the patch of yellowing plastic fluorescent light lead along a hallway of gray and red speckle linoleum floor and wood panele wall . the greasy elevator arrive . a metal door open before a second wire mesh door can be open . willard hustle out and dash into the hallway . int . office bullpen - morning willard pass through a doorway lead to a share office with several gray metal desk . cathryn respond to he awkward charm with a pain , yet sincere smile . she quickly assess he be be bully . cathryn yeah . it seem no one tell Mr. stile I would be here . ms . leach ( mock he ) well , willard ... maybe that 's why he want to see you . Ms. Leach fire she thumb blindly over she shoulder toward a close door . camera inches in on willard tensing with intense dread and suppress anger as he eye flash toward ... willard be Pov - the close door willard well above he eye-line , nearly look down on he , camera lead willard toward the door . cathryn watch he , feel somehow responsible for he call to the principal 's office . willard be Pov - office door camera push in ... the name frank martin grow larger . willard 's hand knock . after a power pause ... mr . martin ( o.s. ) yeah . int . mr. martin' office - continuous the door open revealing frank martin , early 60' , eye down , work at a large desk place in the power position . cuff link , suspender and televangelist hair , Mr. Martin believe he be the top of the pyramid . at a conference of true ceo , however , he would be avoid like the plague . a old economy , fold school , embarrassment . willard Ventures a arm length into the room , clutching the doorknob , while await acknowledgement . mr . martin keeps work , make willard hang ... willard avert he eye , then quietly attempt a retreat . mr . martin ( o.s. ) who 's that at you desk , willard ? caught , willard look up . mr . martin eye still on he work , gesture pointedly for willard to take a seat in one of the leather chair across he desk . wider willard move like a condemn man try to maintain a morsel of dignity . he sit . Martin maddeningly busy himself as a mean of intimidation ... mr . martin who 's that at you desk , I say . willard I ... I do not know she . mr . martin no ? you be the reason she 's here . increasingly flustered and angry , willard can only manage to shake he head and shrug . Mr. Martin shake he head in disgust , mock he employee . mr . martin you be at least a week behind processing the purchase order . be not you ? willard avert he eye , ashamed and guilty . mr . martin at least a week ... Martin stand , pace , raise he voice , eye fiery . his venom appear derive from more than tardy purchase order . mr . martin that mean ... my sale people . the guy out on the floor , inventory , shipping . everything come to a dead stop . because you allow purchase order to bottleneck on you desk . willard appear drive to the brink of tear . he would never let they fall in front of Mr. Martin . he take he beat . Martin study he , yet look through willard . then with a sadistic passive - aggressive transition , move to the desk and sit before willard , assume a friend of the family tone . mr . martin you family name be still on this factory , willard . Martin - stile - Iron Works . you father build this company . if nothing else , son , that should make you want to be proud of you work . willard submissively look up to he boss . willard my mother 's be sick . Martin sit in the other chair beside willard , place a hand of false comfort on the employee 's arm . mr . martin and that 's why you have fall behind ? willard nod . out of intense disdain , willard be unable to look at Mr. Martin . mr . martin willard , I be a old friend of the family . I have know you mother since before you be bear . she should be comfortable . ( beat ) and you , young man , should not carry that kind of burden . ( beat ) you father be like a father to I and I promise he I would always take care of you and you mother . that as long as she be alive ... you would have a job here . camera crane down to willard' feet . out of Mr. Martin 's view . willard angrily dig he shoe tip into the carpet . mr . martin with a false sagacity . mr . martin ( o.s. ) and in keep with that promise , I have to advise you to find you mother a good rest care facility . willard - above eye level his eye aim down , anywhere but directly at he boss ... willard we can not afford that . wider Martin rise and return to he desk while make a suggestion ; deliver as if it be a off the cuff idea . mr . martin why not sell you house ? ( beat ) I would buy it from you ! I mean ... what be friend for ? willard stand , a bit shaky . willard I be sorry , Mr. Martin , I will catch up . I will stay late . Martin burn , aware willard be politely disrespect he . mr . martin and pay you more in overtime than it cost I for a temp ? willard back away and cautiously turn toward the door . mr . martin goddamn right you will catch up ! int . office bullpen - morning willard open the door . Mr. Martin , face red , shout in the b.g. for all the employee to hear . mr . martin what you will never understand ... willard hold the doorway , he eye have catch -- cathryn avert she sympathetic eye . mr . martin be that business be a rat race and promise or no promise ... willard continue toward he desk , leave Mr. Martin frame in he office doorway . mr . martin I will not get eat by all that other rat ... because of you ! stuck like glue int . duane reade drug store - night - glue trap willard 's hand remove a cellophane package hold four cardboard rectangle dabbe with industrial glue . willard have stop after he hard day at work and hold a package of new plug fuse , he study the glue trap package . willard be Pov - glue trap package Disposable ; just throw everything away ! " you hand never touch the pest or glue ! " int . basement - willard' house - night like a rat , camera creep eerily across the floor , assemble several dozen 4x6 cardboard square strategically place throughout the basement . camera continue toward a flashlight beam aim in a open fuse - box . willard screw a new plug fuse into the box . the overhead light flash until spark snap from the fuse box . the light blow ! once again , leave to the flashlight beam , willard jump back and while fan the blue smoke billow from the fuse box . willard fuck I ! can not I do anything !? int . willard' bedroom - night willard be asleep . it 's not a fit sleep . his tense finger clench the cover while he tooth grind . camera hold . in the silence ... in the darkness ... suddenly o.s. , in the basement , a horrific nonhuman shriek of shred the silence . camera sneak in on willard awaken and disorient , frighten by the high pitch squeal of a rat . reek ! reek ! reek ! reek ! reek ! mrs . stile ( o.s. ) clark ! clark ! clark ! willard throw down the cover and jump out of bed . int . upstair hallway - continuous eye wide in a cold sweat , willard race down the hall toward the stairway . pass he mother 's bedroom , camera catch a glimpse of she sit upright in bed , tremble with fear . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) what be it ?! what be it ?! int . kitchen - continuous the volume of squeal intensify as willard run toward the cellar door . camera follows as he whisk the door open unto a dark abyss . the squeal become blaring . reek ! reek ! out of habit , he click the light switch , but it do not work . have place a flashlight on the top step , he grab it , click it on and whip the beam down the stair . in the flashlight beam nothing but cold cement . the shriek continue ... willard eye wince at the horrific sound , yet desperate to find it a source , search with the flashlight ... suddenly , movement . a small two week old white rat with red eye be catch in the glue trap . however , only the hind leg be stick and immobilize . the front leg remain free . desperately scuttling across the floor like a amputee panhandler go mad on he wheeled cart . willard his head and eye dart , watch the young rat . the pest situation , he mother , he work seem to boil over . enough . he march into the cellar , grab the first lethal tool he find , a garden hand cultivator with three point prong . as he turn and search for the rat on the floor ... a second plea cut through the white rat ' shriek . in the flashlight beam the light pan up to the hole in the wire mesh . a older , larger white rat , surround by a half - dozen young rat look directly at willard . willard sense this be the mother of the trap rat . the mother rat express a submissive posture to willard ; ear back and head down , eye toward he ... willard instinctively sense the mother 's plea for mercy . wider while the young rat reek ! reek ! reek ! , darting in and out of frame on the floor , willard return to the shelf hold rusted garden tool . he set down the hand cultivator , quickly place a pair of work glove on he hand and turn toward the small white rat . close - young white rat dart across the floor , try to escape the light and the gargantuan figure chase he . willard holding the flaslight , in he favorite pajamas and bare foot , grab the rat with he free , glove3d hand . int . 2 nd floor bathroom - continuous close package highlight in a blue rectangle " in case of accidental contact with adhesive , apply vegetable oil ... " the young white rat gooey vegetable oil pour over the rodent 's hind leg , hold in willard 's glove hand . the rat squirm , but do not squeal . wider willard , still in he pajamas , be rattle and flustered . he set down the jar of oil and attempt to pull the rat from the glue trap . the white rat softly squeal . int . 2 nd floor hallway - continuous Mrs. stile , support by she walker and perspire , lean she ear toward the door . willard you should not be out of bed . you be feverish . mrs . stile I get afraid , Clark . you father be in that bathroom late . that night . willard I know . I will never do what Father do . she look to she shoulder , puzzle . mrs . stile what be that on you hand ? willard soap . back to bed , mother . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) it 's cooking oil ! ( scolding ) willard , you be too old for that ! when will you find yourself a girl ! camera hold in the hallway for the amount of time it take willard to quickly return he mother to bed . after a beat , he reappear , close the door and return to the bathroom . a friend in socrate int . 2 nd floor bathroom - continuous a drawer be pull open . the towel be unravel and the young , white rat shake its head . cute , actually . willard nearly smile , hold the towel in he hand . he move to the sink and quietly turn on the warm water . grabbing a bar of soap , he cup some water and begin rinsing the white rat . it let he . willard you seem pretty wise , except for get catch in the trap . ( beat ) you should be call socrate . the rat squeak , as if approve of the name . move by another creature display fondness towards he . wider camera begins inching back while hold the rat in he hand , willard open a drawer , rummages , and produce a plastic comb . as he begin gently groom the rat 's fur ... int . basement - continuous a flashlight click . the beam appear directly on the mother rat behind the tear wire mesh , however she do not run away even while human footstep approach ... willard holding the young , white rat , move to the open in the wall and hold before the mother rat and she offspring . willard raise the white rat and set it before the mother . the large white rat squeak while rub she head over socrate . fascinate , willard study the homecome . then , as if wishing to contribute , willard cross to the storage shelf . he open a can of planter 's peanut . sprinkle some in he hand while return to the mesh screen , willard lay peanut on the open 's frame . willard food . the mother pause , rear on she hind leg and squeak . willard smile , nod ... willard food ! after mother chirp , she litter begin eat the peanut , hold the kernel between they paw . willard camera inches on to he , unafraid and fascinate . open in basement wall after a series of squeak from the mother , the family suddenly , hastily , hustle off with they peanut . willard be sadden by the sudden departure , and move to the open and shine the light inside but the family be go . camera retreat from willard , as he once again feel nothing but loneliness in the dark , cold basement . he return the peanut can to the storage shelf and start towards the stair . o.s. , a soft squeak . willard turn ... open in basement wall socrate . alone. look at willard . willard eye pathetically welling with tear . int . willard' bedroom - night socrate be asleep on the bed , curl up against the swell of willard 's back . willard softly stroke the rat 's fur and whisper , as if comment on he earlier statement in the bathroom . willard I would never let anyone hurt you , socrate , I promise . willard close he eye and settles into the bed . his hand be not tense . he do not grind he tooth . overhead angle as if crawl along the ceiling , camera pull away across the silent room . eerie , elongate shadow of the bar window intertwine with bare tree branch outside , flicker upon the floor . High upon the shelf , still only partially discernible in the shadow , camera hold on a unsettle voyeur . Ben , the foot and a half long black norwegian rat , sit atop the shelf . Witness to willard 's promise to socrate . fade out : a successful man 's car fade in : ext . parking lot - factory - morning in the cold morning , Ms. Leach struggle to place a cover on a new silver mercede s55 amg park in Mr. Martin 's spot . worker en route to the foundry drool with envy . hustling to the front door , willard eye the car with hate . int . elevator shaft - morning the decrepit elevator rise cage in a thick wire mesh . int . factory elevator - morning alone in the elevator , he close he eye tight , tremble with disgust and anger . the elevator jolt to a stop . the interior metal door open . willard blindly begin open the second wire mesh door , however it suddenly whip close with a slam ! mr . martin stands angrily outside the elevator in the hallway . with a flick of he hand he latch the wire door close , trapping willard like a rat in a cage . willard try to open the door , but it 's lock . he pathetically eye Mr. Martin who glare sadistically . mr . martin like my new s55 ? willard , now perspire , trap and so humiliate as to become incapacitate to a response . besides , he do not know what be mean by " s55 " . Martin clarifies . mr . martin you like my new ... mercede - benz ? I see you admire it . willard um , yes , Mr. Martin . it 's very ... mr . martin ( cut he off ) know why I have that car , willard ? willard be about to offer a desperate answer , however , Mr. Martin be not really interested . mr . martin for you . I own that 350 horsepower engine for you , willard . for you job . for you fellow employee . make matter worse , willard 's fellow employee begin lean out the office door to see what 's go on . mr . martin buyer feel a sense of security when they see proof that they be deal with a successful man . so , when they see I pull up in that mercede amg class , they will buy from we over some slob with a jaguar S - type . slightly hyper-ventilate , willard tug at the door . mr . martin and do you know how I be able to shell out ninety grand for that edge over we competitor ? ( beat ) because I be a successful man ! because I get to work on time ! and when I get to work , I do not look like a drown rat in short sleeve shirt and cheap tie . Mr. Martin step closer to he prisoner ... mr . martin because I get the job do ! because I never make my boss carry a temp for eight week ! ( beat ) I make it because I never cause my boss such grief ! with this last word , upon reflex , willard 's eye flash hatefully to Martin who read this and , in turn , reflexively , guiltily and defensively hiss . mr . martin why do I waste my time ? you will never even own a car . and without unlock the wire mesh door , Mr. Martin turn and start toward the office at the end of the hall . the nosey employee scurry like rat back into the office . willard weaken , he tug at the door . it 's lock and as camera recede into the empty hallway , he appear like a helpless animal in a cage . after several beat , heel clack , o.s. , on the floor . cathryn enter , head toward the elevator . cathryn you okay ? if he answer , he would burst into tear . she open the door , he nod thankfully , and begin walk quickly to he office . int . office bullpen - evening it 's dark outside . willard 's work . besides Ms. Leach , the employee have leave for the day . cathryn , however , remain . o.s. , a door open . camera inches into willard , he eye peer up beneath he brow . willard' Pov - mr. martin' office sharp leather briefcase in hand , Mr. Martin turn off he office light and start out , shoot a mean look at -- willard submit , avert he eye . office Mr. Martin exit . Ms. Leach eye the door and wait a couple beat before turn off she desk lamp and grab she coat . ms . leach do not stay too late , cathryn . Ms. Leach force a smile at cathryn while ignore willard . in turn , cathryn force a nod , embarrassed for willard . once Leach exit , cathryn turn to willard who continue work . cathryn should I order some food ? willard look up , guilty , then return to he busy work . shy , not annoyed with she . willard I will finish . you should not have you night ruin over this . ( try to joke ) I do not have a life , so nothing get ruin . cathryn what make you think I have a life ? willard really . I will finish . take off and put on you time card that you stay two more hour . he smile , force a mischievous laugh . she return the smile while sadly eyeing he . cathryn one way to get back at he , huh ? he nod , shrug . cathryn that man be accumulate some serious karmic shit . I hate to think what creature he 's comin ' back as to pay it off . a worm , or a pig ... willard maybe ... a rat ? cathryn Nah . the jain , in India , they believe rat be reincarnate in the next life as holy man . willard consider . she misinterprets he silence as discomfort and offer a explanation to she know this . cathryn do some soul search after my husband leave I . willard nod , awkward . he do not know how to talk about such thing . she study he . cathryn you could use some soul search , willard . why be you here ? willard ( proud ) well , Mr. Martin can not fire I . my father sell the company to Mr. Martin under the contractual stipulation that I would always have a job here . cathryn no , no . why be you here ? I , I be break . why do not you quit ? willard shift uncomfortably . willard my father would be very hurt . cathryn he 's not alive . willard sadly shake he head , " no " . then look up , try awkwardly to lighten and change the subject . willard maybe he 's be reincarnate . cathryn no doubt . ( carefully ) can I ask how he die ? willard pause , emotional . willard what do people come back as if ... if they kill themselves ? cathryn eye he sympathetically and avoid answer , as the answer be not what willard need to hear right now . cathryn fuck this place . let 's go drink . willard oh...oh ... can you imagine how he would be if I do not get this do ? no , thanks . you go . cathryn then I have to drink alone . or with my cat . ( laugh , clarifies ) I have get cat . I swear , I be go to end up like that old lady with , you know , hundred of cat in she house . ever read about one of that nutball ? ( sadly ) nothin ' worse than bein ' lonely . willard agree with a nod . he 's tempt , but shake he head . with a sigh , she stand and put on she coat . willard stand a awkward gentleman . cathryn I be not hit on you , willard . just feel like we could both use a friend . he float toward the window as she gather she purse and look to he one more time . willard we would both feel better if I just do this . I will not be too long . cathryn force a smile and start out . leave he alone in the large office . willard avert he eye , regret . he look out the window and hold . ext . parking lot - continuous have store the automobile 's cover in the trunk , Mr. Martin get in he beautiful car and shut the door . int . office bullpen - willard - continuous willard move to he desk , open a drawer and remove a keychain . int . hallway - factory office - continuous willard move through a box cluttere hallway , a area in which employee stash stuff everyone know will never be deal with again . willard push aside some stack box and reveal a door . he fish for a key on the ring . int . storeroom - night - christmas decoration a cardboard rudolph the red-nose reindeer smile from a box store tinsel , Christmas light , and " happy holiday " banner . dusty box of invoice and record be pile beside janitorial supplies . a single rear fluorescent panel be light in the rear of the room . willard enter , close the door , and begin search the storeroom , as if look for someone . camera move along a aisle of shelf , between willard and camera , until a silhouette of a rat enter frame . the rat squeak . willard release a relieved and welcoming smile . willard move to socrate , now much larger at ten week old . willard have a bad day , socrate . camera push in as socrate climb up willard 's arm and nuzzle in he neck while willard scratch socrate ' head . int . hallway - elevator - later o.s. , a clack , as willard , hold a accordion briefcase , shut out the office light and move into the dark lonely hallway toward the elevator . tear it ! int . basement - willard' house - later click ! a flashlight beam shine . it 's quiet in the basement until willard , happy to see the rat , move down the stair . willard food ! then , o.s. , the approach scuttle of dozen of rat , have multiply from the original family of half - a- dozen . willard food ! sorry we be late ... willard place socrate on a bench while move to a large coffee can fill with pet store buy soybean rat pellet . willard playfully disperse they on the floor . the hole in the basement wall three dozen rat swarm over each other and climb down a thick piece of rope to the floor . willard scratch the head of the large white rat . willard hi , ma. he happily feed the other rat , place food on the floor . int . basement - later the three dozen rat play on the floor by the light of the flashlight . willard have fabricate a rat playground . some push rope . other race on a wheel . camera push through they , play over the basement floor . willard sit on a box , head down , still in he work clothes . he hold a roll up newspaper and absently tap it against he shin ; not for any reason other than something to do while think . socrates begins playfully tear at the paper ... willard smile , play , and move the paper out of reach . socrates stands on its hind leg , claw , try to reach the paper . willard lower the paper to socrate . with a playful tone . willard tear it . come on . tear it . socrates be join by another . both gnaw at the paper . willard ( o.s. ) good . tear it . teach them , socrate . they listen to you ... willard lift the paper , hold ... willard tear it ... willard lower the paper ... the two rat socrate squeak as if reiterate willard 's command . the rat tear at the roll of newsprint . a third rat join the other . after a beat , willard lift the paper . willard wait , hold , then ... as if a idea occur to he , he speak in a tone of menace . willard tear it . the three rat learn quickly , begin tear at the newspaper . willard Studies the rat , socrate squeaking at the other . then , as willard consider : o.s. , a thick , meaty tear . the sound be out of place amongst the rat . willard pause , listen . again , a tear and heavy gnawing . willard slowly raise the flashlight and pan it in the direction of the sound . in the flashlight beam across the dark basement revealing a old tire lean against the wall . the light tilt down to find BEN , a foot and a half long and easily five pound . like a small dog . Ben 's tooth sink into the tire and shred away a slice of rubber . willard - reverse angle he 's shocked by Ben 's size . and power . willard Jesus , you be big . Big Ben . BEN along the ground , camera move toward BEN . unaffect by the light , willard 's presence or the other rat . willard absently nod as answer Ben 's question . socrate run up willard 's shoulder . willard do you know he , socrate ? socrate squeak . willard well , Ben . any friend of socrate be a friend of mine . BEN tear a chunk of rubber from the tire , then coolly seem to look over its should to willard , suggest " get the idea ? " . willard as if he 's understanding ... willard Ben , this look like the beginning of a beautiful friendship . int . basement - later lead by socrate , the three - dozen rat have be break into four team , each violently gnaw on bicycle tire and the car tire . socrate move like a drill instructor , snap at that which be not attack the rubber . BEN away from the other , coolly watch he idea be implement in the first stage . willard snap he finger , in command . willard tear it . ( snap finger ) tear it up ! int . basement - later two wear carry bag enter frame hold at the handle by willard dress in different clothes than in the last scene . the bag , seemingly float across the basement . in the b.g. , seventy - five rat now live in the basement . swarm on shelf , work bench and stair . willard still . he continue encircle the basement , hold each bag . willard still ... not a sound emit from either bag . he set each bag down and kneel over they , pleased . he open one bag , then the other . after a beat , he snap he finger . willard out . lead by socrate , a dozen rat flood from each bag . int . basement - later a flashlight beam flare into frame . camera follows as willard , hold the flashlight , move across the basement toss soybean rat pellet to the hundred rat . willard 's wardrobe be different than the last scene . time have pass . willard good work . good work tonight . willard scan the basement , make a call " kissing " sound . willard socrate . upstair . bed . Ben move up the stair toward the door . willard no , not ben. bed . only socrate sleep in bed . Ben continue up the stair . with the ire of a pet owner whose animal will not listen , willard take a aggressive step toward Ben . willard BEN ! I say , " no ! " o.s. , socrate squeak . willard search for the sound ... low angle - across the basement willard swing the flashlight toward two rat , silhouett in the f.g . one rat lie motionless , arm and claw curl while the other nudge the body . willard approach , set the light on a table , angle down , create macabre light overhead . willard kneel , study the dead white rat . socrate run to willard and climb in he lap . willard ( a whisper ) no . oh , ma , no . willard reach out and hold the limp body . find a box of black plastic hefty trash bag , he pull the last bag and carefully , respectfully , wrap socrate ' mother in the black plastic . he set she on the floor . tear well as willard look to socrate and scratch he head , comforting . camera begins rising as willard begin softly cry , hold socrate against he cheek . camera continue , the flashlight spotlight the intimate sadness of willard and socrate while a hundred active rat swarm across the basement floor . like a man...on a Mission int . office bullpen - morning camera move with willard , hustling urgently toward he desk . his fellow employee tense ; subtly urging he on . as he pass Mr. Martin 's office , however , the door bang OPEN and the boss storm out . pass Ms. Leach 's desk , Mr. Martin extend he arm . she hand off a report in he hand . willard continue to he desk as Martin descend . cathryn tense . as willard sit , Mr. Martin reach willard 's desk and angrily throw the notebook down with a startling thud ! mr . martin one week ! you have be late so many hour it equal a entire week ! willard I be sorry , Mr. Martin ... mr . martin I want that week back . willard react , puzzle , not understanding . mr . martin I have consult counsel and I may not be able to release you , but it be within my rights to administer fiscal disciplinary reprimand . willard I be sorry , Mr. Martin . I know you must be tired of the excuse , but what can I do ? my mother be sick . Mr. Martin lean in over willard . mr . martin if you really care for you mother , you would show up to work on time . because now you be out a week 's pay . unlike he previous weak reaction , willard turn inward . to a dark place . Mr. Martin head back toward he office . mr . martin and if you do not like it , quit ! be a man for once instead of the fuck mouse you be ! he storm to he office and slam the door ! willard camera above he eye - line and pushing in . willard smile to himself at the irony of Mr. Martin 's last comment . willard look to he rolodex and begin turn the knob . rolodex name flip past until settling upon " Martin , Frank . wife - Barbara . 263 Adams . irvington , n.y. , 10533 . " as the card be yank from the file ... int . basement - willard' house - night with a tug , willard open the carry bag , place on they side , he shadowy smile mischievous rather than sinister . willard in . lead by socrate , two dozen rat begin filing into the bag . BEN start toward the bag . willard 's hand appear before he , halting he . willard ( o.s. ) no , Ben . willard keep Ben from enter the bag . willard you be too big . there will not be room for anyone else . BEN hold , appear angry o.s. willard close the bag with a snap , stand and cross before Ben . basement stair willard hold the bag handle in each hand , dress for cold weather . leather glove , a wear long black overcoat and logo less baseball cap . he set the bag on the landing , then reach up to turn the doorknob . he open the door ; the kitchen , above , be dark . willard turn back to retrieve the bag . then , as he turn , back to exit the basement , the flashlight catch he mother ! willard be too startle , and nearly drop the bag . under light by the flashlight , she appear frightening . mrs . stile what be you do ? willard hurriedly continue up the stair , quickly shutting the door with he foot . he command to the " luggage " . willard still ! int . kitchen - continuous the door close . he place the bag on the table . mrs . stile still what ? what do that mean ? willard upstair , mother . on the table , the bag begin to fidget . just as mother be about to look toward they . willard still . mrs . stile there ! you say it in front of my face but I do not know what it mean . " still " . what be you say ? why be you so mean to I ? suddenly , she gasp . willard tense . mrs . stile Clark ! I smell rat ! she try to open the basement door . willard take he mother firmly by the arm . pick up she walker and begin lead she out of the kitchen . willard upstair , mother . mrs . stile do not order I around ! what be you up to ? what 's in that bag ? willard Business record Father keep . mrs . stile no ! Father 's record be in he upstairs office ! while willard and he mother exit the kitchen , camera hold on the bag . then creep in ... willard ( o.s. ) the bag be downstairs . I be take they to the office . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) at this hour ?! willard ( o.s. ) Mr. Martin need they for a early meeting . mrs . stile ( o.s. ) that man ! he do not appreciate or respect you ! willard ( o.s. ) he will . he may not know it ... but he will . as camera inches toward the bag ... ext . subway entrance - night camera arc around wringht iron frame the stair to the subway station . willard appear around the corner , collar up on he shin length overcoat . head down , carry the bag , he descend the stair toward the subway . ext . subway track - later the train pull away from the distant Manhattan skyline . ext . suburban STREET - night camera move across a quiet , familiar , yet upscale suburban street . there be no bar on this house . it be early winter , cold . the street be damp and the tree branch bare . camera continue toward the sidewalk revealing willard , back to camera , carry the two bag along the sidewalk . willard perspire . the bag be heavy . as he walk , he look up and down the street . up the STREET - willard be Pov - mailbox it read " the martins " . willard slow as he look ahead . ext . martin' garage - night the automatic garage door be close , allow a glance of Mr. Martin and he wife , have just return home . Mr. Martin si place a cover on he car inside the garage . his wife appear impatient , but he rudely wave she off . the door close , seeping light outline the garage door . willard continue walk , slowly . focus on Mr. Martin 's house . garage - across the STREET - willard' Pov the interior garage light turn off . willard take a nervous breath and ready to approach the house . suddenly , appear behind he at he leave blind side be a brink Neighborhood patrol car , entering frame . the officer 's attention be on willard . the patrol car 's radio be low . the officer be hear , but be indiscernible as he report ... willard nervously pick up he pace . the patrol car remain in he blind side . willard sneak a peek up the street . willard be Pov - martin' house near ... willard want to check over he shoulder , but cannot . suddenly , yellow siren light flash over he . willard tense , freeze as camera sweep in on he . o.s. , the patrol car engine revs . the siren light arc around willard , from front to back . willard look up . willard be Pov - patrol car race forward , pass he , as if move off down the street . willard ease ... then the car begin a quick U - turn , head back towards willard . until the patrol car continue past willard in another direction . willard breathes a deep sigh . ext . mr. martin' house - continuous willard appear as if he 's about to pass the house until finally , he dash up the driveway . the garage door holding tightly to the shadow , willard reach the garage door . he hide just around the side of the garage . after a beat to assure he have not be see , willard open the bag . willard out . rat begin march from the bag . he line they against a rubber weather strip along the base of the wooden garage door . willard door . he snap he finger . willard tear it . the rat begin gnaw at the weather strip . rat camera move across they , incisor tear at camera willard turn to the second bag . upon open it , however , he 's shocked as ... BEN stick he head out . he be the only rat in the bag . willard appear angry and somewhat afraid . willard Ben ?! how would you ?... I tell you to stay ! ignoring willard , Ben climb out and move to the other rat . although annoyed with Ben , this be not the time to reprimand he . willard see the rat have tear several hole into the weather strip and door . willard tire ... he snap he finger . willard tear it . socrate lead the first team of rat , pour out of the bag . hold in the weather strip if a rat can get its head through a hole the size of a quarter , it can squeeze its entire body through the hole . the cut in the weather strip be much larger than a quarter . the rat squeeze through and enter the garage . willard Ben hold , continue chewing . his head be bigger than the hole create by the other rat . willard you will not fit . BEN pushes he way through the open in the base of the garage . show impressive strength , Ben " crash " through . willard Notes Ben 's strength . willard then lean he head close to the garage door . Inside , he can hear faint gnawing . int . mr. martin' garage - continuous Ben move to a tire and take it on single -hande . the other tire be already be chew - four rat to a tire . ext . garage door - mr. martin' house - continuous willard listen to the slight sound of tearing and chew . int . mr. martin' garage - continuous a tire be aggressively gnaw by a team of rat . BEN rip a strip of rubber . ext . garage - continuous willard listen ... hiss ! then another hiss ! int . garage - continuous the cover s55 mercede sink as the rat chew around the rush of air . a tire pop ! ext . garage - continuous willard suppress he giggle . he put he hand to the garage door and snap he finger . willard ( a stage whisper ) stop ! then , inside the house ... mr . martin ( o.s. ) what the hell 's that ? willard in ! mr . martin ( o.s. ) sound like air or something . willard in ! weather strip to garage socrate be the first to return . rat hurriedly file out of the garage . int . garage - continuous as rat run toward the front door , a tire pop ! the car sink cause the alarm to go off . ext . garage - continuous willard quickly gather rat and put they into the bag . a light turn on in the house . mrs . martin ( o.s. ) someone in the garage ? secure a bag o.s. , in the garage , a door open . a light turn on ... mr . martin ( o.s. ) what the fuck !? Ben hustle up and climb into the bag . frightened , willard quickly close the bag . mr . martin ( o.s. ) my tire have be slashed . call brink . just as willard be about to make a dash toward the front yard , the garage door motor engage ! the garage door begin open . the car alarm stop . willard desperately cut toward the side of the garage toward the back yard just as Mr. Martin appear and step out of the garage , look out into the front yard . ext . side of garage - continuous willard move as fast as he can without make much noise . camera suddenly drop down to the ground revealing a area along the side of the house of landscape gravel . as willard run on the crush stone , crunch ! crunch !... Mr. Martin turn to the rear of the house . as he round the corner , he 's strike by a strong beam of light -- Martin shield he eye as he look to -- a brink patrol car a patrolman aim the light from inside the car . ext . mr. martin be back yard - night the beam of light spill into the side of the garage . mr . martin ( o.s. ) someone just slashed my tire . they gotta be around here . with that ... willard bolt across the backyard . camera lead he as he try to run with the bag . in the darkness , he run into a chain - link fence border the neighbor 's yard . ext . garage - continuous the patrolman shine the light around the neighborhood . mr . martin I will check the back . ext . mr. martin be back yard - continuous willard hurriedly lift a bag over the fence and drop it on the ground . as he lower the second bag . ext . side of garage - continuous Martin move along to the back yard . ext . back yard - continuous willard climb the fence and drop into the neighbor 's yard . he quickly pick up the bag and run for he life . ext . martin' neighbor be back yard - continuous as willard charge across the neighbor 's yard , a dog bark . this be not booming rommel - like bark . it 's the yap of a maltese or Jack russel . light turn on inside the house . the small yapping dog appear out of the darkness snap at willard 's heel . willard continue , search for a path toward the front yard . he plow through some shrub ... ext . martin' neighbor's front yard - continuous willard barrel through the bush and hustle toward the sidewalk . sidewalk sweating and wind , willard appear on the sidewalk , return to a quick walk in order to avoid attract any further attention . he check behind for any sign of the brink patrol , however , they be not yet in sight . this street be quiet . willard ease , until -- the yapping little dog charge out of the front yard and run toward willard . willard pick up he pace . in a moment , the dog be at he heel bark and try to get at the bag . willard push the dog aside with he leg . willard go. the dog continue bark , leaping to get at the bag . willard nudge the dog with he foot . willard get away . the dog , however , be a tenacious little tyke . willard 's eye be craze with a fury of which he do not seem capable . willard you wanna see in the bag , motherfucker ?! he reach down and grab the dog . the bag be open revealing a dozen rat . the dog be toss inside the bag and zipped shut . willard tear it up ! wider willard resume he walk up the pretty street . the bag begin knock . he struggle to hold they . the dog 's tough yapping have turn into muffle yelp . willard pause . guilty . he set the bag down and open the one hold the rat and dog . the small lap dog spring out of the bag and haul ass back toward its house . wide - the STREET willard , a macabre form carry the bag , continue up the street . he turn to the right and vanish down another block . up the road , on a intersect street , a brink patrol car appear , slow , and not see anyone on the street , continue . as the neighborhood return to silence . Mr. Martin 's loss of Control ext . parking lot - factory - morning willard enter , move at a defiantly easy pace . mr . martin' parking spot vacant . willard smile , pleased with himself as he stride toward the door . int . office bullpen - morning the clock over the door indicate it be 9:20 . willard enter the bullpen with guard anticipation . the employee be abuzz , gossipe , and rebellious ; when the cat 's away ... GEORGE foxx know what a set of that tire run ? ms . leach insurance will cover it . janice mantis insurance will not cover how piss off he 's gonna be . en route to he desk , willard can not help but grin . willard what 's goin ' on ? janice mantis someone break into Martin 's garage last night , slashed he tire and peed on the floor . willard 's pleased , he have not think of that bonus . reaching he desk , he flash a somewhat flirtatious but definitely confident grin at cathryn . willard mornin ' , cat . you look very nice today . she 's catch off -guard . but charme . she smile a thanks . willard someone peed on he floor ? GEORGE foxx know what happen ? when Martin see he tire ... Mr. Martin storm in . foxx be seat with he back , so he do not see ... GEORGE foxx he piss he pants , then blame it on the guy who do it ! foxx laugh but do not understand why the other turn dreadfully silent . he look back to see the embarrassed and angry Mr. Martin . foxx instantly turn obsequious . GEORGE foxx good morning , Mr. Martin . be everything okay ? mr . martin you think it 's so fuckin ' funny ? how do you like the think of some sick fuck break into you house ? willard he work to suppress he euphoria over Martin 's agitation . mr . martin scare the shit out of you wife ? lose half a night 's sleep deal with the cop ... mr . martin - willard' Pov Mr. Martin 's look begin railing toward all the employee . mr . martin and know that sick fuck be go to have control over you and you family 's peace of mind for god know how long ? willard camera hold on willard , pleased . in fact , at this point , have always shot willard above eye level , now slowly , eerily , drop below eye level . it underly he new sense of confidence and power . mr . martin how would you like it , foxx ? wider - the office Mr. Martin hold , but of course , it be a intensely rhetorical question . Mr. foxx nod with overstate sympathy and return to the work at he desk . GEORGE foxx no , sir . the employee follow much the same example and return to work while Mr. Martin eye they like a street fighter whose just kick some ass and posture " anyone else want some ? " mr . martin I do not think so . Mr. Martin return to he office and slam the door . willard smile with a newfound confidence . the camera drop into he coat pocket . willard 's hand inside , stroking socrate . all good thing ... int . basement - willard' house - night a flat wood crate be empty . a bag of store buy , soy rat pellet be pour into the box . willard ( o.s. ) food . rat ... swarm , writhe over one another . charge the box . hundred and hundred now live in the basement . wider willard look over the number and sigh . willard we be run out of room . int . kitchen - continuous the dim glow of the flashlight seep beneath the cellar door . suddenly , the front leg of Mrs. stile ' aluminum walker creep in . Mrs. stile ' breath be heavy and strain . her critical condition be clear before she 's reveal by the craning camera . although sweat and gray , she 's determine to place she ear to the door and eavesdrop . willard ( o.s. ) I can not feed you anymore . I can not afford it . believe she son be rehearse a speech to she , Mrs. stile tense . afraid . willard ( o.s. ) you have to find a new place to live . you will be more comfortable somewhere else . ( sadly ) I wish they could , but ... thing can not last forever . all good thing must come to a end . Mrs. stile slightly tremble with shock and heartbreak as she pull away from the door . int . basement - continuous as willard look about the rat . willard follow Ben . he will find a place for you . he will take care of you . wo not you , Ben ? ( look at Ben ) you be the leader ... after socrate . willard be Pov - BEN be enthrone atop the storage shelf , above the other rat . stare at willard , Ben appear as if he feel he 's the leader now ... willard socrate climb up willard 's arm to he shoulder . willard reach up and scratch he head . willard turn he back on Ben and with a whisper tone to socrate ... willard you be not go anywhere , socrate . you will always be with I . ( sincerely ) I hate everyone but you . willard lovingly scratch socrate while the hundred of other rat swarm at he foot . willard let 's go to bed . he take flashlight and move to the stair , pass Ben . willard goodnight , ben. BEN still , motionless , not pleased . int . kitchen - continuous the flashlight spill beneath the door intensify as it reach the door . as the door open , willard catch Ben make a break for it . willard no ! Ben ...how many time do I have to tell you . only socrate be allow upstairs . willard shut the door . int . dine room - continuous camera follows willard , move through the dark room , playfully kissing socrate on the head . as willard make a u- turn around the span of a open foyer arch toward the stair , Mrs. stile be revealed , collapse on the stairway in a state of semi-consciousness . willard horrify . willard mother ... he rush toward she ... socrates willard place he on the stairway newel post cap . the rat begin run up the banister . mrs . stile hear she son , she try lift herself to she foot , reach for the banister . socrates her hand just miss he . stairway - willard & mrs . stile the son gently place hand on she . she jerk away . mrs . stile do not touch I ! you be get rid of I ! willard ( sincere ) no , mother , I love you . mrs . stile I hear you ! " all good thing must come to a end ! " willard I love you more than anything . mrs . stile you do not love I ! you will not feed I ! I hate you ! I hate you ! she begin violently cough . alarm , he rush to she , hold she . she struggle to get free , cause he heartbreak . suddenly , Mrs. stile unintentionally hack a tablespoon of blood into she son 's face . he fight back frighten tear , hand tremble as he hold he mother . willard you need to go to the hospital . mrs . stile no ! you wanna lock I up ! you wanna kill I ! you wanna kill I ! willard shut he eye ; cover he head with he arm , try to block it out . her scream sound like a scared animal . top of the staircase socrate be a black silhouette in the f.g. , sit atop the upper newel post cap , helplessly watch he friend willard try to comfort he scream mother . int . 2 nd story landing - hallway - willard' house - later through the ajar door , Mrs. stile can be see asleep in she bed . her breathing be strain . willard 's hand enter frame and gently dab she head with a cool wash cloth . he lift the blanket to she chin . Ben , the defiant leader int . willard' bedroom - later numb with sadness , willard climb into bed and turn off the light . laying he head back , he stare at the ceiling while fight tear . side edge of bed the cover rustle . socrate appear over the bed 's horizon and rush toward willard . the white rat nuzzle willard 's chin . pull the rat close , willard close he eye and feel the comfort of he friend . then ... the cover tuck under willard 's arm jerk toward the foot of the bed . willard open he eye . foot of the bed - willard' Pov the cover jerk again . BEN appear , use the cover to pull himself up . he hold at the foot of the bed . willard & socrates willard tense . socrates squeak , as if plead with Ben to get off . BEN remains . he 's stay . willard what if mother see you ? BEN do not care . remains still . challenge . willard consider this . then suddenly whisk off the cover , grab Ben by the nape of he neck . the large rat hiss and struggle as willard carry he out . int . basement - continuous camera be low angle , look up the first set of stair , swarm with rat . willard gently toss Ben on the stair , quickly grab the edge of the door . willard down , Ben . you stay down ! as willard quickly shut the door -- int . mrs . stile ' bedroom - continuous the door slam cause she eye to open . she hold in the darkness , puzzle and afraid . int . willard' bedroom - morning willard 's asleep . socrate curl up against he back . the alarm clock ring . willard awaken and turn off the alarm . as he reach back to pet socrate , willard freeze . eye toward the foot of the bed : BEN hold at the foot of the bed , in the same spot he claim last night . willard glare back . BEN glare back . willard on angry impulse , viciously kick Ben , who 's violently knock to the floor . Ben scuttle out the door and into the hallway . willard follow after he . int . hallway - continuous as willard appear at the end of the hall , he catch a glimpse of Ben darting down the banister . willard start after he , yet pause at he mother 's room . he softly move to close she door , then pause . int . mrs . stile ' bedroom - continuous she 's not there . int . stairway - continuous a half - dozen rat crawl about the base of the stair . upon see they , willard quickly hustle down the step . willard mother ! int . kitchen - continuous the cellar door be open . rat climb out from the basement . willard appear , shocked . willard' Pov over 150 rat be everywhere : on the table , the counter , in the cupboard , eat anything they can find . willard turn to the basement door , anticipate what he will find ... int . basement - continuous on the first landing , a fade flashlight beam shine aimless from beneath a pack of swarm rat . willard puzzle , step closer . he freeze . willard' Pov the flashlight be grip in he mother 's stiff dead hand , scaly pink rat tail flop across the finger . the rat do not know death . she be just another object . willard shudder . his breath rapid and deep . willard no! no ! he snap he tremble finger . willard down ! down ! the rat obey the command and begin move down the stair . socrate assist , herding the other toward the cellar . mrs . stile position as if have fall forward , she open eye reflect the expression of freeze shock . revealed as the rat climb off she . BEN hold atop a cupboard stare down at willard . willard look up , increasingly impatient with ben. willard you think you be funny ? you think you be smart ? ( beat ) socrate . he 's smart . he know they have to take mother away . ( beat ) and if they see you ... they will take I away . then come back for you . BEN appear to consider . he lift he head , then move off into the shadow . willard his expression reflect grow detest as Ben crawl over he foot , into the basement , past he mother 's foot . int . foyer - afternoon reminiscent of soctrate ' mother , Mrs. stile ' dead body lie inside a black plastic body bag . a pulled strap secure she to a coroner 's gurney . wider willard sign paperwork on a clipboard and return it to a deputy medical examiner who absently toss the clipboard atop the body bag . with a startling clack , the gurney be raise and wheeled out of the house . willard slowly shut the door . the house be quiet and lonely . emotionally numb , willard wander to the stair and must sit . the stretch shadow of the bar window reach willard , cause he to appear like a prisoner or a cage rat . after a beat , socrate crawl into willard 's lap . the white rat nuzzle against willard , comforting he . willard I love she ... and I will miss she . I already miss she . she be my mother . ( beat ) but , if you ever die , socrate ... he can not bear to complete the think . willard you be the only friend I ever have . as camera slowly rise , willard stroke the head of he only remain friend . death and bankruptcy int . funeral home - day Mrs. stile rest in modest casket . o.s. , " peace in the Valley " play on a program organ . willard approach the coffin . eye red and swollen from cry , he lean over and kiss she . willard at least you be with father again . ( pause ) my friend would like to say goodbye . willard cautiously check over he shoulder . he 's the only person at the service . he remove socrate from he coat pocket and hold he out toward the head of the casket . mrs . stile socrate brushes he nose against she dead face . willard holding the rat to he mother , be about to cry again . wider - casket willard 's back be to we . from this angle , socrate can not be see . cathryn step into frame , she back also to camera . cathryn hold a beat , take sad notice of the empty room . willard remains unaware of she . willard' hand stroke he mother 's face , and then the rat 's ... cathryn ( o.s. ) willard ? startle , he think quickly , place socrate inside the casket . willard eye over he shoulder , then back to the coffin . willard ( whisper ) in . socrates waddle deep into the casket , disappear into the dark toward Mrs. stile ' foot . willard & cathryn he turn just as she carefully approach the casket . cathryn be you alright ? I do not mean to upset you . with residual startle , he shake he head and guide she away from the coffin and to the chair . they sit . willard you do not have to come here . cathryn we do not hear from you and I want to make sure you be okay . to let you know ... you have a friend . willard be catch off guard and sincerely touch . his eye begin to well , bring tear to he eye . she reach out and softly caress he face . this may be the first time he 's ever be touch in such a way . as he begin to close he eye and cherish the moment , he eye freeze . never fully close . willard' Pov - mr. martin enter , appear annoyed and put upon . he move to the casket . willard & cathryn as willard hatefully look off , cathryn turn to see Mr. Martin . spare they further hassle , she pull she hand away . casket Mrs. stile rest in the f.g. , just beneath the close half of the casket lid hide socrate . Martin enter frame , take a perfunctory look and move off . funeral home willard and cathryn avert they eye as Martin approach . dismissive , he eye willard , then , somewhat lasciviously , eye cathryn . mr . martin should not you be work ? cathryn ( defiantly ) lunch hour . mr . martin ( with a laugh ) Hell of a way to spend it , huh ? he look to willard , who do not look back . mr . martin she 's better off , willard . ( a dig at willard ) she 's with you dad . willard do not acknowledge this in any manner . behind Mr. Martin , a man , joseph garter , Mr. Martin 's age , suit and tie enter and move to the casket pay a brief moment of respect . the man look toward willard while ... mr . martin what now ? gonna sell the house ? willard shrug , then with false altruism ... mr . martin give it some think . take the rest of the day off . he pat willard on the leg , shoot cathryn a jilted look and move out of the funeral parlor . cathryn place a sympathetic hand on willard 's back , however , before any word be exchange about Mr. Martin 's behavior , they be approach by Mr. garter . mr . garter willard stile ? willard look up , nod . mr . garter I be Joseph garter , I be a attorney with Montgomery & glick , the trustee of you mother 's estate . ( beat ) I have be try to reach you , but ... you do not answer the phone . ( beat ) I hope you take no offense by my find you . here . we be all sadden by you loss . ( beat ; to cathry n ) May I have a moment with willard ? cathryn react , flustered by the situation . cathryn can I come over after work ? check up on you ? willard I will be okay . thanks , cat. she give he a awkward hug , then move off while Mr. garter turn a chair around to face willard . mr . garter willard , I be afraid I have some news ... I do not know if you be aware of or prepare for . willard react , puzzle . mr . garter you parent have be live off a account they have originally set up for you future . it be intend to be yours upon they pass . ( beat ) however , you father 's death leave debt that even Mr. Martin 's buy out do not completely relieve . willard tense . mr . garter in fact , there remain pend litigation on some unsettle debt . willard I still have the house ? mr . garter you mother refinance the house after you father 's death , so , in fact , we still owe ... willard 's devastate . willard we ? it 's my house . mr . garter of course , you grow up there . it 's you home , but it be the bank 's house . willard it 's my house . mr . garter there 's no need for a single man to live in such a large house . sell it . willard why do I have to pay for what thing my parent do ? mr . garter the money will help you start over . willard start over ?! I be almost do ! mr . garter willard , you have no choice . as the executor ... willard then why ... why would you come here ?! why do you even bother tell I ?! do you get off on tell I I have no control over my own life ?! I have no money . no home . and it 's not my fault ! Mr. garter stand and reach for he business card . mr . garter this be not the time or place . think about it . then please , you have to contact I . willard snap the card out of Mr. garter 's hand . mr . garter I understand , willard , however , this be the only way you can take control of you own life . willard sigh , settles . Mr. garter take a beat , assure that willard have compose , then move out of the room . willard stand and move toward he mother 's casket . willard socrate . socrate appear from behind the bottom lid and scuttle to willard who pick he up and hold the rat against he cheek . as willard look to he mother , he note movement o.s . through stained glass window Mr. Martin 's form hold in the parking lot . he be motion by another form who shake Martin 's hand . it 's Mr. garter . willard move to the window for a better look . although distort and oblique through the stain glass , Mr. garter 's posture convey he be report to Mr. Martin . garter gesture with a thumb toward willard in the funeral parlor . Mr. Martin nod , pleased . the two man shake hand . willard as he watch out the window , socrate hold to he cheek . cat , food int . foyer - willard' house - afternoon rat be everywhere . the open door shoot several across the floor . the door open and willard enter . shock and angry , he take in the house ... willard be Pov - live room & stair swarm with greasy rat ; gnaw on the banister and chew the curtain . dropping and puddle of urine litter the hardwood floor . willard camera crane down . as it reach eye-level . willard stop it ! stop it , Ben ! just ' cause my mother 's go do not mean you have to run the house . this be my house , Ben ! int . kitchen - continuous the kitchen have be ransacke by three time as many rat as before . all trace of food be go . the container be shred and spew in every direction . several rat have eat through the plastic container of dishwash liquid and be lick the soap . willard storm into the kitchen and see the pillaging . he look to the door lead to the basement . int . basement - continuous the base of the door have be eat away . rat well up from the cellar . willard push the door all the way open to see a stream of rat move up the stair . willard BEN ?! no response . the rat continue ravaging the house . willard BEN ?! Ben do not wish to reveal himself . o.s. , the doorbell ring . startle , willard turn . he hustle to the front entrance . int . foyer - continuous willard look out the stain glass to see cathryn stand outside , hold something wrap in a blanket . cathryn willard ! it 's cathryn . answer the door ! I see you walk in ! ( beat ; flirtatious ) I have a present for you ! willard , have not remove he coat , pull it tight and move to the door , sweeping rat away and out of sight before open the door and quickly step outside . ext . willard' house - continuous cathryn be take aback and puzzle as he close the door . willard I be go out . I ... I have some stuff to deal with at the cemetery . cathryn oh , well ... willard ... maybe this be a bad time , but ... i... please do not take this the wrong way . but you look so goddamn lonely at you mother 's service and ... I know I be devastate by my mother 's death and I love she ... and the only friend I have to help I through be ... she lift the blanket . Inside the bundle be a cat . cathryn her mother ! this be scully . she will be a great friend and keep you company . speechless , willard look at scully . search for a way out . willard cathryn ... I do not know what to say . I ... I can not take scully . the cat look down toward willard 's coat pocket . cat' Pov two inch of socrate ' tail hang out of willard 's pocket . the cat wriggles , try to free itself from cathryn 's grasp . its eye be lock on willard 's pocket . cathryn ( o.s. ) see , she like you ! just hold she ! willard & cathryn cathryn hand the bundle to willard . the cat swat at he pocket . willard clasp the cat 's head to secure it , while scratch he ear with force affection . willard cathryn , really . I can not ... the cat meow , try to get at socrate in willard 's pocket . willard , increasingly anxious ... willard I be really late . be it okay to leave she inside ? cathryn sure . she 's potty train . force a smile , he open the door and place the cat inside . int . foyer - willard' house - continuous after a beat of " oh , shit ! " the cat immediately arch it 's back , fluff its fur and hiss . it begin urinate . cathryn ( o.s. ) need a ride ? I can drive you . willard ( o.s. ) how ' bout just to the subway ? as they voice trail off down the sidewalk ... willard I can not thank you enough , cathryn . I be sure scully will be very happy . horrify , scully tear off into the house . rat supposedly , a pack of rat will appear to ignore a stranger until the moment of attack ; sucker the intruder . the rat continue chew and gnaw , seemingly unaware of scully . int . tv room - continuous scully run , search for safety . the curtain be draw . the cat leap upon ... a club chair a cable tv remote sit on the armrest . the cat inadvertently land on the remote ... tv a small set turn on with a click . the cat Foot on the remote , scully search for higher ground in the cold blue light of the tv . tv in the upper corner of the monitor , the channel indicator race well into the music / radio channel . the cat leap off the armchair . tv be leave on " soft rock / easy listening " channel . the cat settles on top of the armoire . it look down upon ... the house rat - everywhere . continue as if unaware of the cat . tv a soft acoustic guitar purr , accented by a deep bass . the open of the oscar nominate song " Ben " . camera ease in , match the music 's rhythm . another club chair in the blue cast of the tv , shadow cover the seat of a throne evoke chair ... michael jackson ( v.o. ) Ben , the two of we need look no more ... camera push closer , revealing ben' eye . michael jackson ( v.o. ) we both find what we be look for ... Ben produce a snarling squeak - a command . some rat look up from they chew and move off to the tv room . the cat above the room on the armoire , note the movement . michael jackson ( v.o. ) with a friend to call my own / I will never be alone ... high angle - over the cat two dozen rat scuttle to the base of the armoire . foot of armoire the rat break off into two team : each gnaw at the foot of the armoire . michael jackson ( v.o. ) and you , my friend , will see / you have get a friend in I ... the cat anxious , look down at the rat a team of rat sharp incisor jump at camera , tear at the wood . chorus ( v.o . ) you have get a friend in I ! BEN camera inches in , watch ... michael jackson ( v.o. ) Ben , you be always run here and there ... foot of the armoire creak ... like a tree about to fall ... chorus ( v.o . ) here and there ! the cat as the armoire sway , the cat search for another safe haven . michael jackson ( v.o. ) you feel you be not want anywhere ... foot of armoire give way . rat scatter . the lower corner thump to the floor . the armoire begin tilting . michael jackson ( v.o. ) if you ever look behind / and do not like what you find ... the cat leap ! just as ... the armoire topples over , crash to the floor ! the cat dash across the floor . rat snap and hiss ! int . kitchen - continuous the cat charge in and dart to the open cellar . chorus ( v.o. ) I use to say " I " and " I " ... int . willard' basement - continuous the cat eye the hole in the wall lead beneath the house . it leap from the stair . chorus ( v.o. ) now it 's " we " / now it 's " we " ... storage shelve it land on the storage shelf and hustle across ... overhead the cat move high above the metal shelf . below , flustered rat hiss at the cat . the cement floor appear as if cover with a move fur carpet . michael jackson ( v.o. ) Ben , most people would turn you away ... the cat crouches , tense , prepare to leap toward the hole ... the hole just beyond the lip of the hole , in the darkness , Ben 's demonic eye wait ... michael jackson ( v.o. ) I do not listen to a word they say .. the cat leap to the hole ... the hole Ben charge into camera , incisor snap . the cat be knock back . it desperately scratch at the wall , yet manage only to grasp the lip of the hole with one paw . michael jackson ( v.o. ) they do not see you as I do ... overhead the cat dangle , twist try to claw up the wall . below , rat gather and wait . BEN with a hellish intensity , attack the cat 's paw . michael jackson ( v.o. ) I wish they would try to ... the cat eye wide and horrify . it drop out of frame . the floor with surprising speed , the rat swarm the cat . it disappear beneath the sea of black and brown greasy fur . michael jackson ( v.o. ) I be sure they would think again / if they have a friend like Ben ... close - cat' eye Wide , frighten and struggle beneath a blur of claw and gnaw tooth ... chorus ( v.o. ) a friend ! the hole - overhead Ben look out of the hole and down at the army of rat below . the cat can no longer be see . michael jackson ( v.o. ) like Ben ... camera crane down , adjust to Ben hold in the hole , wickedly amused by the success of the attack . as the camera inches in , tearing and ripping ! the final desperate scream of the cat macabrely intermingle with the end of the song : chorus ( v.o. ) like Ben !... fade out . Father 's thing int . hallway - outside mr . stile ' office - night a antique crystal doorknob reflect faint light beneath several layer of dust . willard 's hand reach in and turn the handle . the knob clack . the door open , revealing a dark room beyond the hallway . int . mr. stile ' office - continuous willard be silhouett include socrate on he shoulder , before a yellow dormer window . the streetlight create a eerie amber cast across the haunt room several mount bird and animal be display throughout the conservative home office . family photo and frame certificate hang in the convert attic . framed photograph a young Mr. Martin stand proudly besides he boss , Mr. stile whose hand be proudly place on he son willard 's eight - year old shoulder . willard avert he eye from the image and move to the desk . he open the top drawer and hold , disturb ... willard be Pov - father' desk a dusty envelope , mark " brooklyn medical examiner - stile 6/6/95 " sit in the drawer . willard tear open the seal envelope hold he father 's personal affect . a ring , wallet . holding a leather billfold with reverence , he eye well with tear look at the driver 's license , a photo of Mrs. stile and a photo of willard . hesitate , he remove a swiss Army knife from the package and open the blade . along the edge be a line of brown stain blood . willard untuck he shirt and rub the blade . the blood be go . camera inches into willard . holding the knife and consider the blade . his father 's act . willard place the knife tip against he wrist ... until socrate race from willard 's shoulder and rush down he arm . willard' hand the right hand hold the knife tip against the leave wrist . socrate enter frame and nip willard 's finger . willard he reconsider . tear well in he eye . willard' hand Drop the knife . socrate look at he , as if relieved . willard raise socrate to he cheek , close he eye and feel the return affection . o.s. , a rustle . willard open he eye . tense , they scan the room . bookshelf holding a bric-a-brac and memento ... and ben' tail . the camera move along ben' body , he head block behind a frame photograph of willard 's father , as if Mr. stile ' face be eerily part of Ben 's body . willard the image and Ben 's presence disturb he . he turn and begin move out of the dark office . about to exit , willard pause . look to a umbrella stand hold several antique umbrella and swagger stick . as he reach out , raise one of the wooden swagger stick for examination , then subtly look back at Ben . Ben wo not learn int . willard' bedroom - later the sheet be pull back . willard climb in with the swagger stick . the bedroom door 's close . while socrate settles beside he , willard check the floor before proceeding to hide the stick beneath the pillow beside he . once secure , he click off the light . the room turn dark , camera creep in on willard . listen ... in the b.g. , the door open , intruder unseen . willard 's eye check the door . he remain still . listen . then , faintly , against the hardwood floor , click click click of nail and the slide of a approach tail . willard stealthily reach beneath the pillow and grab the swagger stick 's silver tip . the sheet tug toward the foot of the bed . foot of the bed against the window , allow faint street light inside ... Ben 's large silhouette appear over the foot of the bed . socrates turn toward the foot of the bed and squeal , as if signal to warn Ben . BEN back up , tense . willard strike . he whip the stick toward the foot of the bed . BEN whack ! forewarn , Ben be too fast and jump off the bed as the wooden stick whisk with a startling thump upon the bed . willard hustle out of bed and chase Ben , retreate into the closet . willard open the door and turn on the closet light . willard' Pov - closet a hole have be gnaw in the baseboard . willard subtle , yet increase dementia , he look to ... socrates look to willard , as if disappointed . willard avert he eye , guilty . willard I be not go to hurt he . I know you be try to keep peace , but he have to learn that I be the boss . int . closet - continuous penny and nickel be stuff into a old sock . wider in he pj' , willard sit in the closet grab loose change from a shoebox and stuff it into the sock . socrate sit on a shelf just over willard 's shoulder . hole in the baseboard willard ball the coin-filled sock and jam it into the hole . jump CUT to : a old paint can heavy and rusted garden shear cut into a old paint can . willard perspire , obsessive , and strain to cut the can . jump CUT to : hole in the baseboard bang ! bang ! bang ! a hammer flatten the curve metal . willard place it over the sock stuff hole and begin hammer nail into the old paint can . jump CUT to : willard rip a foot long piece of gray duct tape from a roll . hole in baseboard the strip be laid over several layer of duct tape which have be place over the flatten paint can , cover the coin stuff sock place in the hole . willard leans back against the closet wall , exhaust and perspire , yet satisfied that Ben 's passageway be securely seal . he pick up socrate and scratch he head . int . willard' bedroom - morning willard 's crash , face down , as if have collapse from emotional and physical exhaustion . the door be close . the closet be close . socrate lie tuck beside he . BEN sit at the foot of the bed , watch willard . close - willard stir , awaken , lazily open one eye . he see : BEN motionless , yet taunting . willard wait a beat , then , slowly and carefully extend he arm and reach beneath the pillow . willard react , puzzle . he dig deeper beneath the pillow , but apparently can not find the swagger stick . his eye move toward the right side of the bed . willard react , afraid ... wider just above the bed be the swagger stick . chew to sliver . recognizable only by the metal tip . willard look to : BEN stoic and yet a air of satisfied retaliation . willard climb out of bed . unable to keep the peace , socrate squeak , head move back and forth from willard to Ben . willard move to the closet and look inside . int . closet - continuous the tape and metal secure the hole be untouched . willard a cold shiver shoot through he . he look back toward Ben , who 's gone . willard consider he next move ... position terminate int . foyer - morning accordion briefcase it 's open . willard ( o.s. ) socrate ? work ! willard , hold socrate , enter frame and place socrate into the bag . willard startles and jump back ... camera arc up and over the bag to reveal BEN Inside the briefcase . willard eye red , skin pale and tense . eye the bag . he tremble slightly . angry . he 's about to grab and pull Ben out of the bag until ... socrates squeak and move to ben. willard hold and tense . willard only ' cause socrate say it 's okay . as willard angrily close the briefcase ... int . storeroom - office - day the storeroom be dark . o.s. , key jingle . the door open and willard 's silhouett form enter . he turn on a back light and move to the shelf . camera move towards the shelf as willard set down the briefcase and open it . he carefully remove socrate from the bag and set he on a shelf . willard 's expression harden as he turn back to the briefcase . willard Ben . out . after a beat , Ben climb out of the bag . willard whisper . willard quiet . stay ... willard scratch behind socrate ' ear while Ben have a curious look around . int . office bullpen - later a " martin-stile manufacactur " business envelope ; no stamp ; no postmark wait in the center of the desk blotter . willard 's hand enter frame and open the envelope . a sheet of paper be remove . the body of the letter be terse ; three sentence long . a paycheck be enclose . office willard be intensely confuse , as if the content be inconceivable . let alone incomprehensible . he look to cathryn , desk buttress against he . she react to he bewilderment . unable to speak and certain there be some mistake , he hand the letter to she . she read it and although immediately angere , remain compose ... willard be I read this right ? willard absently sit , pale and chock . his eye lock on Mr. Martin 's office across the room . she reread the notice . cathryn Mr. stile , it be we regret to inform you you position have be terminate . enclose please find two week severance . ( beat ) you service be appreciate . Frank Martin . cathryn sigh and look to willard . cathryn he 's fire you . camera push into willard unable to comprehend the villainy . his outrage build as he fidget in he seat . go deep within himself , he appear no longer aware of cathryn . cathryn I think he could never ... willard stand and march from he desk . office willard storm across the room . cathryn move after he , wishing to restrain and regain he composure . his fellow employee watch , eyeing one another . Ms. Leach look up as he near the close office door . ms . leach he 's on a conference call ! ignoring she , he whisk the door open ! int . mr. martin' office - continuous Mr. Martin be on the phone , foot up on the desk . he forcer a boisterous laugh at whatever be say on the other end of the phone . through the laugh , he cold eye look to willard . willard enter and close the door behind he . without look at Martin , willard move to a chair across from the boss ' desk and sit . defiant . yet remain afraid of Martin and unable to look he in the eye . martin regard willard 's anger as just a minor hassle in the workday , he remain on the phone . int . office bullpen - continuous the employee tense ; try to eavesdrop on Martin 's office . protective of Mr. Martin , Ms. Leach stand , move out before the bullpen area , and shoot everyone a disapprove look . ms . leach feel like this office could use a little holiday cheer . ( beat ) cathryn , go dig out the Christmas decoration . ( beat ) they're in the back storeroom . the key 's in willard 's desk somewhere . cathryn sigh and move to the desk . int . mr. martin' office - continuous Martin remain on the phone while willard grow increasingly anxious . mr . martin come up for the jet -dolphin game . no , I will get alcoa 's luxury box ... think I be gonna let you sit out in the fuckin ' snow ?? Martin force another obnoxious laugh . int . office bullpen - continuous open ! cathryn fumble and find the key ring . sort through the key , camera push in on her . she pause , consider , increasingly angry . she look up at ... int . mr. martin' office - cathryn be Pov - continuous the door be close . willard be inside be fire . int . office - continuous cathryn sigh and shake she head . cathryn Ms. Leach ? ( Ms. Leach turn ) found the key . ( defiant ) but , you can go " dig out " you own holiday cheer and then shove it up you ass with a " Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! " suddenly , with a crisp underhand pitch , cathryn hurl the key across the room . startle , Ms. Leach rear back . the key thud against the wall . cathryn I quit . int . mr. martin' office - continuous unable to release he anger , willard grow anxious sit across from Martin . he begin pick he finger . willard & mr. martin Martin find up a office desk toy and fiddle with it while remain on the phone . mr . martin jet - ' phin ; always a close game . check with Cindy and get back to I . no , I will be workin ' here late tonight ... Christmas bonus time , y'know . his eye turn to willard with mean irony . int . storeroom - continuous the hallway outside the storage room be quiet until ... o.s. , the ring of keys jingle . Ms. Leach appear around the corner , comb the ring for the key to the storeroom . int . mr. martin' office - continuous willard 's frustration be unbearable . Martin remain on the phone . mr . martin good deal . Nice talkin ' to you guy . right . bye bye . ( hang up ; to willard ) you be fire . what part of that do not you get ? willard how could you ? my father ... mr . martin be dead . be dead . now , so 's you mother . movin ' on ... willard he start this company . it 's my family 's company . mr . martin no ! it 's mine . be mine . and I do not want you around it anymore . int . storeroom - continuous Ms. Leach try a key . do not work . she try another ... int . mr. martin' office - continuous willard tense , about to respond , however be cut off by Mr. Martin who throw out he hand in exasperation . mr . martin God , fuck , willard ! why the fuck would you want to stay here ?! you hate it here . I hate have you here . you be never go anywhere here . you be parent be fuckin ' dead . move on ! willard the term of you purchase contract clearly state ... mr . martin Sue I . confused and emotional , willard look to Martin . mr . martin go 'head . fuckin ' sue I . you will win . so go ahead . hire a 250 dollar a hour lawyer and fuckin ' sue I ! ( beat ) my 400 dollar a day lawyer will drag it out ' till I be dead . so , five , seven , maybe ten year from now , you will win . willard 's eye begin welling with tear . willard you know I can not afford that . mr . martin ( sarcastic ) no ! int . storeroom - continuous Ms. Leach sigh . shake she head , try another key . then another . finally , the door open . int . mr. martin' office - continuous willard stare hard at Martin whose return look reflect a man who know he hold all the card . mr . martin wanna sue I ? need money ? make I a offer on you house . willard eye he , hard . mr . martin do not give I " the face " . I guy that house 'nd you can go out , get a car , move away from here . New job , get a girl . you will be so fuckin ' happy you will not wanna sue I . you will wanna blow I . camera push in on willard , eyeing Mr. Martin with pure hatred before stand and move toward the office door . int . storeroom - continuous a box of loose tinsel be move aside as Ms. Leach gather the cheap and dusty Christmas decoration . stack on a storage shelf be a couple of artificial wreath . in a single move , she pull they from the shelf and turn to pile they atop the box of tinsel . Ms. Leach be unaware that displace the wreath have expose socrate . the white rat hustle for cover behind a tangle mass of Christmas tree light . int . mr. martin' office - continuous as willard reach for the doorknob , Mr. Martin watch he , irk at willard 's refusal to sell he the prime real estate . willard sigh , slump with defeat . then without look back ... willard I will sell you the house ... if I get to keep my job . mr . martin can not believe willard would make such a desperate and stupid offer and yet , Martin really do not want he around . int . storeroom - continuous Mrs. Leach squat to lift the box of tinsel and other decoration . once lift , she move toward the door . until ... a faint click clack within the glass bulb of the Christmas light call she attention . see the light , she appear to weigh she load , then opt to reach up and snag they . as camera push in on her hand . int . mr. martin' office - continuous Mr. Martin sigh , rub he chin and study willard . willard turn back to Mr. Martin , as if , " well ? " mr . martin tap he desk , sigh and look to willard . Martin absently nod he head , about to agree to the term . before he can verbally respond , however ... a scream ! Martin look past willard to follow the shriek . ms. leach ( o.s. ) a rat ! a fucking rat ! camera race into willard , internally panic ; freeze with fear . mr . martin quickly get up from he desk and hustle across the office . willard paralyze , Martin brushes past he . nasty , White , Dead Rat int . office bullpen - continuous the employee be on they foot look toward the storeroom hallway . Mr. Martin rush out of he office and toward the hallway . the employee follow . follow by willard . int . hallway - continuous rattled , Ms. Leach be relieved as Martin charge around the corner . ms . leach Frank , there 's a white fuckin ' rat the size of a dog in there ! Martin coolly move into the storeroom as the other employee appear around the corner . ms . leach on the leave . second shelf . willard arrive , assess the situation . int . storeroom - continuous Martin move to the shelf upon which the light sit . there be a gap , however , no rat . just as he ease , he see -- upper shelf - socrates his white fur move . Martin look for a weapon . the nearest object be a wooden stick . the mid-section of the artificial Christmas tree . he pull it from the box ... mr . martin get I a chair . int . hallway - continuous Ms. mantis move toward a stack of chair and pull one . mr . martin I see it ! camera sweep into willard , sicken . he force he way to the storeroom doorway . as Ms. mantis hand the chair to Mr. foxx who hustle the chair inside ... int . storeroom - continuous Martin take the chair from foxx , quickly position it , and stand . camera rise with he ... revealing a hide , but trap between the box , socrate . with full force , Martin drive the stick at socrate . willard flinch upon impact . even the other employee wince . mr . martin stabs the stick into camera . socrates scream ! the stick pull away revealing red blood ... willard trembles , turn pale . mr . martin with a glint of blood lust , smile . Spikes the stick into camera . socrates seriously injure and cover with blood . the rat search for a escape . the stick drive into frame . willard clutch the door-frame . his haze eye freeze beyond Martin and socrate . willard be Pov - BEN on the high shelf , safely cover in the dark . his opalescent eye glare angrily at willard . willard open he mouth , as if to answer to ben...until o.s. , a pierce scream . the other employee turn away , the excitement turn to overkill . mr . martin get the final bead . mr . martin Walt , it 's mickey , I be comin ' to join ya ! laugh , Mr. Martin go for the kill . socrates whack ! the stick drive into frame and finally crush socrate ' skull . his white fur now completely red , the rat 's body fall limp upon the metal shelf ; lifeless . willard can not hold back the tear . in the excitement of the moment and the focus be on Mr. Martin , the other be oblivious to willard 's emotion . the employee applaud and cheer as Martin exit the room . he hand the stick to Ms. Leach . mr . martin Barbara , finder keeper ! ( to willard ) what 's the matter , tiger ? ' fraid of a little blood ? Martin laugh , adrenaline pump as he continue down the hall toward he office . the other employee follow he with the exception of Ms. Leach . ms . leach he expect I to clean that up ?! willard ( softly ) I will do it . relieved and anxious to get out of there , Ms. Leach gratefully pat willard on the shoulder , then head down the hall , leave willard alone . gather all he strength , willard enter the storeroom and move directly to Ben . BEN - low angle High above , motionless , yet angry , look down upon willard . willard shatter and tremble , look up begging himself for forgiveness , but direct at ben. willard he would have kill you . I would never let anyone hurt you , Ben . I could not lose you , too . I could never lose you , Ben . low angle - BEN unforgive ... willard guilty , unable to receive penance from Ben , move toward socrate ' body and begin cry . his tone , increasingly insane , suggest the trigger stress of socrate ' death . willard whatcouldidowwhatcouldido ... behind the tear , he eye appear psychotic . willard what can I do ? BEN stare at willard , release a eerie guttural growl . over willard' shoulder camera push up into he as he turn , look back over he shoulder and up to Ben . willard what can ... we do ? BEN camera match the move into BEN , stare down ... as if commit to the pact . ext . cargo / delivery area - factory - afternoon the factory cargo delivery area appear busy . from the depth of the foundry , willard appear carry he accordion briefcase and wear a winter coat and leather glove . a familiar face , he draw no attention . without hesitation , he move to a " martin-stile manufacactur " delivery van . the size of a ups truck , willard climb in and drive off . int . bathroom - later socrate ' body be hold under a faucet ; dry blood wash away into a sink . willard - low angle amped , craze , yet with unnerve control , clean the body . int . parlor mantle - later the urn hold the ash of willard 's father rest on the mantle . willard 's hand enter frame and lift the lid . high angle willard place socrate ' body into the urn . he close the lid and step back into the macabre shadow ... a Army of thousands int . willard' house - basement - night a large pullman case open into frame . willard , eerily under light by a flashlight , point to the bag . willard in ! rat begin pile into the bag ... ext . willard' house - moment later the pullman bag bulge as willard strain , carry the suitcase . he open the rear door and enter . int . kitchen - later rat swarm at he foot in the f.g. , willard open the empty pullman bag . willard last batch . can not take anymore . the rest of you wait here . camera push into willard , lie as he look toward Ben . willard I and Ben will be back in a little while . right , Ben ? BEN sit atop the table like a commanding general . willard set the case on the floor . willard in ! as the rat follow order ... int . delivery van - moment later willard enter with the pullman case . the door close . willard open the case and the rat file out . he be knee deep in rodent . int . office bullpen - night the outer office be dark ; quiet . Martin can be see work through he open door . tie loose , sleeve roll up , he enter some figure into he computer . ext . parking lot - continuous Martin 's cover mercede be alone in the vacant , quiet parking lot . headlights appear , pan across the parking lot . the delivery van enter frame in the b.g . it proceed toward the rear of the factory . ext . cargo / delivery area - continuous headlights shine on the be ; intensify as the truck near . the engine be cut . the van roll quietly into frame . rear door of the van willard enter frame and pull up the latch . camera pull back as he grab the door and fling they open ... int . mr. martin' office - continuous Martin draw he hand to he tired eye . he take a sip of glenlivet in a paper cup ; the open bottle , nearby . seemingly bored , he turn to the computer and tap the key . martin' computer monitor the eye and brow logo of the voyuerweb homepage load ... mr . martin camera creep in as he begin surfing ... int . factory - continuous the cargo door lock clack . the door rise . a thirty -second alarm warning begin beep . willard walk under the door and coolly to the alarm panel . while disarming the alarm ... overhead - cargo door a wave of rat flood beneath the door . int . mr. martin' office - continuous Martin click on the mouse . computer monitor a submission entitle " my hot wife ! " the story : " we just buy a digital camera . my wife do not think she have a sexy body . what do you think ? pdpmema . " mr . martin appear interested . he click ... computer monitor a 300 pound pink woman with red eye from a flash , bare all in a dishevel live room . mr . martin winch . he blindly reach for the mouse and click . int . elevator shaft - continuous the elevator shaft be encase by thick wire mesh . with a echoing clang , the car rise into the darkness ; create shadow while the counterweight drop toward camera . int . hallway - continuous the wire mesh door be open and fastened to the elevator frame . camera begins moving toward the elevator as the light within the car cast a approach , twist , pan glow . camera continue as the elevator car arrive and come to rest with a clang . as camera continue the frame rate ramp , " slow " to v6fp as the door begin to open . rat pour out of the elevator like a surreal nightmare . tumble over one another , seemingly thousand spill like a waterfall from the elevator and into the hallway . camera continue moving . like a drain pool , the level of rat drop to reveal willard stand in the center of the elevator , have just be engulf by rat . his expression be hard and mean and powerful . as he step out of the elevator . we have come to see you int . mr. martin' office - continuous Martin 's hand enter frame and click the mouse . title : " my 22 - year old girlfriend . " mr . martin react , pleased . behind he ... against the wall be a leather office couch . Ben 's silhouette silently appear , have climb up the back . the lone rat hold atop the couch . computer mouse Martin 's hand enter frame , move it ... computer monitor the cursor arrow be direct to a submission title " if she only knew ! " o.s. , a double click . mr . martin behind he , a second rat appear from behind the couch and join ben. Martin remain oblivious . as a third rat appear over the top of the couch ... computer mouse his hand enter frame , move the mouse and click . computer monitor a hour glass form over a submission entitle : " Hidden locker room cam ! " mr . martin smile , adjust in he chair with perverse anticipation . behind he , two dozen rat now sit atop the couch . computer monitor image of a nude woman change she gym clothes before a locker begin load on the screen . close up - mr. martin smile . he reach o.s. , and bring the paper cup of glenlevit to he mouth . he sip , then set the cup down . as he reach for the mouse ... a rat be on he desk . Martin 's hand set upon it . the rat hiss ! mr . martin leap back ! mr . martin Jesus fuckin' Christ Hand to he chest , he breathes hard ; eye lock on ... mr . martin be Pov - the rat scuttles across the desk and down to the floor . camera follows the rat as it move toward the far couch to reveal the entire edge of the couch be line with rat . mr . martin shock ; confuse . he pause , hold he breath to listen , and hear a collective scratching and scuttle . he reach out to he desk lamp and pan the light across the room . mr . martin be Pov - office the floor move in roll wave ; entirely cover by rat . mr . martin breathes scared ; quick and deep . mr . martin Jesus ... look at the rat ! willard ( o.s. ) yes ... Martin startles , look up . willard stands silhouett in the door-frame , dress in a long coat and wear leather glove , hold the blood stain Christmas tree dowel which Martin use to kill socrate . willard look at the rat . wider willard enter . Martin be freeze behind he desk . willard move to the chair in which he have often be humiliate . willard we have come to see you . mr . martin we ? willard they will do anything I tell they . Martin fire a commanding finger at willard . mr . martin then get them the fuck outta here ! willard sit down ! willard snap he finger as if order a rat ... willard sit ... down ! Martin hold , eye the room . mr . martin' Pov rat continue march inside from the outer office . Martin slowly sink into he chair . willard Mr. Martin ... you steal this business from my father . it kill he and my mother . and now ... you be try to kill I ! mr . martin willard , Jesus , that 's fuckin ' nut ! willard you ... never let I alone for a minute ! you made a fool out of I in front of everybody ! and now , you 're try to take my house . mr . martin no . no ! willard you ... make I hate myself . ( pause ) I think a lot about it . hating myself . camera push in on willard , under - light by the desk lamp . willard well , right now ... at this minute . I like myself . willard raise the stick martin use to kill socrate . willard you ... kill socrate . mr . martin I kill who ? willard how do you think socrate feel ... when you stick he ?! willard jab the stick at Martin . the boss flinch . willard answer I !! willard jab again . Mr. Martin attempt to gauge a grab at the stick . mr . martin who the fuck be socrate !? willard he be the only friend I ever have ! willard jab at Martin who reach out and grab the stick . he yank it from willard 's hand and jab back ! the pole thunks willard in the chest , knock he back . Martin quickly re-adjust he grip and swing the stick like a baseball bat . it crack against willard 's head . willard be knock to the ground , bleed and daze , but conscious . mr . martin charge out of he office . int . bullpen - continuous Martin race for the door . int . hallway - continuous Martin run down the hallway toward the elevator . as he pull back the wire enclosure to enter ... Ben drop into frame , pounce onto Mr. Martin 's shoulder . close - BEN his knife - like incisor pierce Martin 's neck . mr . martin' eye go wide . blood squirt into they . martin scream . he drop the dowel in order to grab Ben . Martin struggle to pull he off . Martin stumble and fall into the elevator on he back . BEN tear at Martin 's neck . martin scream more . willard slam the elevator enclosure door close . with a flick of he hand , willard latch the wire door close , trapping Mr. Martin like a rat in a cage . the hallway the rat be filing out of the office and into the hallway . willard holding the drop dowel , look down on Martin ... willard what 's the matter , tiger ? ' fraid of a little blood ? willard rear back and drive the stick through the enclosure open . hitting Martin in the same manner he strike socrate . BEN tear into Martin 's jugular . willard strike ! the hallway the rat approach the elevator . BEN attack ! willard eye wild , strike at Martin ! mr . martin battle to remain conscious , struggle on the floor . his eye appear to register that rat be squeezing through the hole and into the elevator . close - hole in enclosure rat squeeze into the elevator . martin look pleadingly to willard . willard smile , vengeful . mr . martin reaches upward , eye roll into he head ... mr . martin willard , no ! please ! willard - extremely low angle as camera whisk into he . willard tear he up ! the rat hundred descend upon Martin ... mr . martin rat tear into he hand , he back and he neck . he scream ! willard stands at the elevator door . mr . martin' eye horrify , quickly block by a wall of converge rat . mr . martin' back amongst the swarm , a rat burrow into Mr. Martin 's back . camera quickly arc to reveal another burrow out of Mr. Martin 's side . willard pushes the elevator button , whisper ... willard Goodbye , Ben ... elevator shaft Martin 's scream appear to fade as the rat-infested elevator rise into the upper darkness as willard watch from below . Cleaning House int . basement - willard' house - later the hole in the basement wall in which the rat first appear fill frame . a glob of cement plaster be hurriedly plopped on the lower frame . wider - willard holding a bucket of mix cement , continue fill the hole . several dozen remain rat scuttle on the floor . time CUT : a flat crate soy pellet pour into a box . hungry rat swarm the crate . willard eye well with tear , yet he expression remain determine . willard food ! int . kitchen - a package label " the giant destroyer " be tear open . four 6 " stick of sodium nitrate and sulfur be remove . wider willard insert the short fuse and light they . Gas begin billow from the stick which he quickly toss into the basement . he slam the door . willard drop to he knee and jam a wet towel beneath the door while push he body weight against the door . camera push in on willard as hiss gas and squealing rat mix o.s. rat can be hear charge up the step and scratching wildly at the basement door , try to escape . as willard close he eye and cover he ear ... time CUT : int . basement - later darkness . after a beat , the door open . residual gas cloud from the cellar . willard , hold a cloth to he nose and mouth , stand in the kitchen , look into the basement . in the f.g. , on the stair , lie the lifeless body of several dozen rat . time CUT : a shovel grind across the basement floor , cut a path into the layer of rat fece and fur . the shovel rise and deposit its content into a metal trash can . trash can the body of dead rat nearly fill the can . ext . alley adjacent to willard' house - later Fire burn in the trash can . willard stand back in the cold , the eerie flame flicker across he eye . int . backdoor - night dripping with sweat , willard nail the backdoor to the frame . int . parlor - night willard reach up into the fireplace and pull the flue shut ! int . bathroom - night a stretch of gray duct tape peel from a roll . willard tear it with he tooth and wrap it around the close toilet lid . int . kitchen - early morning exhausted , eye red and stain with sweat and dry blood from Martin 's attack , willard pull back the lock bar on a large rat trap . he place it in a brown paper grocery bag . on the floor be trash dumped out of the bag . willard return the trash to the bag , careful not to set off the trap . he set the bag in the cupboard under the sink ... wider - kitchen all the cupboard door be open . stand , willard rise into frame , and begin close the cupboard . each cabinet hold a pair of large , set , rat trap . as the door close , cause the frame to go black ... over black a indiscernible tap ... tap ... int . willard' bedroom - morning willard be eye - framed vertically asleep ... it pop open ! afraid . the eye " listen " to the sound . tap . tap ... camera twist until the eye be horizontal . willard without have shower or clean himself from the night before , have crash on the bed . still in he clothes , he rise slowly , listen . tap ... tap ... he move to the window and slide the bookshelf to enable to look outside . window sill - willard' Pov it be morning and a cold sleet tap tap tap on the pane . willard ease , yet remain tense . o.s. , within the house , not in he room , a phone ring . he freeze , as if the cradle phone could detect he movement . the phone ring . his eye dart toward the nightstand . nightstand - clock 9:30 am . Martin 's body have surely be find . wide - willard hold , shadow from the venetian blind slash across he body create the illusion of cage bar . the phone ring . he do not move . ring . he wait . finally , the ringing stop and the house be again silent . still dress from last night , include he shoe , willard move out of the room and into ... int . hallway - continuous willard 's bedroom door slowly open . he poke he head out and have a look around . it be silent and still . he move toward the stairway . int . stairway - continuous although it be morning , the gray sky , the fortification on the window , and the close curtain create a eerie pale . he proceed down the stair . int . foyer - continuous willard step off the last stair and hold , search . listen for the presence of rat . suddenly ... knock ! knock ! knock ! he 's startle . knock ! knock ! knock ! camera creep with willard as he carefully and with great stealth inch toward the door ... moving in tight to meet he eye as it peer through the peephole . ext . entrance - continuous a uniform police officer , salmon , stand beside a suite detective finch . the officer knock . int . foyer - continuous frightened , willard ease away from the peephole and hold still . after a moment , the low tone voice exchange indiscernible word before they footstep move off . willard appear small as he stand alone in the large house , the portrait of he father appear large , even in the b.g . dissolve to : another angle - continuous the phone ring . again . willard remain motionless . although he stand in the exact same spot , the light have change ; a gray afternoon . a cold winter wind blow outside . dissolve to : close - willard sweat bead on he face . he have remain motionless for hour . the outside wind be stronger now . rain tap tap tap on the window ... dissolve to : wide - willard sweat drench hair stick to the side of he temple . willard remain hyper-alert . the drizzle have evolve into freezing sleet ; a cold mean storm . it 's all over , Ben then finally , through the silence and the outside gale . knock knock knock . willard tense . cathryn ( o.s. ) willard ! it 's cathryn ! knock knock knock . willard consider ... turn , and move to the door , open it just a crack . through the ajar door , cathryn appear rattle . wearing a raincoat and winter clothes , she take a step to enter , but he do not move . although take aback , she look to he . cathryn I have be call all day . he offer no explanation as to why he never answer . cathryn do you hear ? ( beat ) Martin 's dead . she pause for a reaction , but there be none . frightened and upset , she continue ... cathryn at the office . the detail be weird , all kind of rumor . he be murder or attack by animal . willard do not respond . hinting , she look out at the storm . willard I be hungry . ( beat ) can we go eat ? although puzzle by he reaction , she nod absently ... willard lemme get my coat . he move toward he overcoat , hang on a rack nearby . as he reach out to grab it , he freeze ... overcoat - willard' Pov a stain of blood near the shoulder . willard rattled , grab the coat and while move off up the stair . willard just a sec ... int . hallway - continuous he run toward he room ... int . front door - continuous cathryn 's leave outside , the door wide open . cathryn can I use the bathroom ? receiving no response , cathryn poke she head inside ... and enter . she move into the dark parlor . int . willard' bedroom - continuous willard hustle into the room , balling up the stain overcoat while racing toward the closet . int . first level bathroom - continuous the room 's dark . cathryn appear in the doorway and peek inside . she open the door and turn on the light . int . willard' bedroom - continuous in the closet , willard yank a spare winter coat off a hanger while search for a hide place for the stain overcoat . he look up ... willard be Pov - attic crawl space door it have be nail shut . willard look down to box in the closet and pull one out . as he begin to open it and stuff the coat inside ... he freeze . the baseboard hole which he secure , suspect Ben 's pathway , be once again open . the metal can have be gnaw and the tape severe . the coin-filled sock be nowhere in sight . willard camera push in on he frighten reaction . int . first -level bathroom - continuous cathryn move to the toilet , find the gray duct tape stretch across the lid , she pause and lean over to examine the side of the bowl ... side of the toilet the tape have be roughly severe , as if chew ... cathryn test the lid . it lift . she unfasten she pants as she turn to sit , pull down she panty ... int . hallway - continuous camera be on the floor as willard carefully exit he bedroom . again , he freeze as he see something o.s . camera pull back to reveal the skeletal and petrify muscle of scully the cat . display in the center of the hallway . int . first level bathroom -c on camera push toward the toilet , past cathryn , stand to fasten she pants , leave the seat down and the lid up . her hand enter frame to push the trip handle . the toilet flush . o.s. , cathryn turn off the light as she exit . camera hold ... after several beat , a wet , slimy rat crawl out from the toilet bowl and over the lid . a second appear almost immediately and leap to the floor . overhead the toilet bowl be fill with rat . as another squirm up and through the waste pipe ... int . foyer - continuous willard hustle down the stair wear a winter raincoat . he move directly toward the door . find it ajar , he pause . willard cathryn ? he look outside ... ext . front entrance - continuous the cold rain pour in sheet . cathryn be not outside . from inside the house ... cathryn ( o.s. ) in here ... camera inches in as he realize she may have see he fortification . int . foyer - continuous willard turn back toward the inside of the house . int . parlor - continuous cathryn move into the parlor and hold beneath the archway , put on she glove . cathryn sorry . I have to go so bad ... behind cathryn on the mantle , beside Mr. stile ' urn a pair of opalescent eye peer at willard from the darkness . cathryn and you just take off upstairs ... willard the eye glare vengefully at willard . the whisker pulse angrily . willard we need to go . he take cathryn by the arm and pull she outside . ext . willard' house - continuous rain pour , wind howling , willard hustle toward cathryn 's car park in front of he brownstone . he hold at the passenger door . as cathryn move around the car toward the driver 's side , she hold ... cathryn shit ! I must have run over something '... willard look to the front tire . they be chew flat , just like Mr. martin' . willard his head whip toward the back tire . they be flat . gnaw . willard know . o.s. , two car door slam . he look in the direction of the sound . down the STREET - willard' Pov silhouett and cover raincoat and mask by a umbrella , Officer salmon and detective finch move toward willard . willard & cathryn willard tense , then move toward the house . willard get in . I will go call triple A. cathryn I have a cell ... ignoring she , he hustle inside as the two policeman approach the car ... int . foyer - continuous slam ! willard lock the door , then scan the area for any indication of Ben 's location . he ease to the desk - table and open a drawer cause the mail to spill to the floor . willard reach into the drawer and remove a letter opener . as he start toward the foyer , knock ! knock ! knock ! willard appear unaware of the knock as he flip a switch and turn on the overhead chandelier . ext . front entrance - willard' house - continuous detective finch and Officer salmon stand with cathryn outside . cathryn can you tell I why you want to talk to he ? the police officer note another light turn on ... int . parlor - continuous the letter opener glint , fill the frame , hold in willard 's fist like a switchblade . the point metal move toward the mantle . willard willard slide the urn aside , look for any sign of Ben , but he be not there . then ...faint ... but definite ... a metallic clink . willard listen , then squat beside the fireplace , camera craning down with he . o.s. , salmon continue knock . officer salmon ( o.s. ) Mr. stile , police ! come to the door , please , sir ! willard look into the inner hearth . the metal damper rod be move . clink . clink . clink . willard pull back and consider o.s. , a strong gust of wind whistle , follow by a immediate clink clink clink ! believe the damper be knock because of the wind , he ease . until , behind he , with a startling clank , the metal damper rod drop into the hearth . rat flood into the hearth ; swarm , climb over one another . willard pop to he foot , scream ! ext . front entrance - continuous as willard 's scream carry outside , cathryn knock on the door while the law enforcement officer look to one another . cathryn willard , it 's cathryn . be you alright ? let I in . detective finch what the fuck 's he doin ' in there ? int . dine room - continuous willard slam the door close , sealing himself off from the front room . int . foyer - overhead - continuous a river of rat charge from the parlor , through the foyer , and toward the dinning room door ... int . dine room - continuous willard turn on the light . int . foyer - continuous a line of rat , three deep , gnaw at the base of the door ... int . dine room - continuous willard move to the dining room table . strain , he lift and tip the table on its side with a crash ! ext . front entrance - continuous the officer tense . cathryn begin pounding on the door . cathryn willard ! the officer move she aside , attempt to force they way inside . the door be heavy and will not budge . int . foyer - continuous the rat continue eat through the wood , make progress . int . dine room - continuous willard push the upend table against the close door . the light go out . willard flick the switch , but there be no response . fumble through the darkness , he move to the adjacent kitchen . ext . front entrance - continuous cathryn and the officer note the sudden darkness and silence inside . the detective gesture toward the police officer . detective finch let 's check ' round back . as they take off toward the side alley , adjacent the house . int . basement - continuous the frame be black . willard open the basement door , allow some outside spill . in the darkness , he reach for the flashlight store on the first landing . close - willard' hand he grab the flashlight , a rat snap and bite he hand . willard yelp with pain . he drop the flashlight . it light up ... willard' Pov the basement . the flashlight roll and bounce create a strobe light effect , catch glance of nothing but rat . hundred and hundred in the basement . eye . teeth . claw . the flashlight settles , beam aim at the fuse box . the fuse BOX be amass with rat which have chew through the wire . ext . alley - continuous a flashlight flare into camera . pour rain and howling wind whip across finch and salmon as they enter the alley . the officer search for door , bang on the bar window , search for a entrance . near the rear of the house , they rise on they tip toe in order to shine they flashlight in the side window . they stretch to see inside . int . kitchen - continuous willard quickly tip the kitchen table and slide it against the door . the officer ' flashlight beam shine into the room . detective finch ( o.s. ) stile ! willard duck and move further into the kitchen . remain on the ground , willard look up just as the search flashlight beam crisscross ... BEN directly above willard , hold on the counter island in the center of the kitchen , as if await a explanation . the flashlight beam pan on and off of he . willard be shake , afraid . show submission , willard raise he hand toward Ben . willard I be sorry , Ben . I be sorry I leave you . I get scared . I come here and be about to go back and get you . BEN do not buy the lie . he glare at willard . willard and ... the other ... the one we leave here ... be go when I come back . ext . alley adjacent to willard' house - continuous hear willard inside , the officer hold . listen . willard ( o.s. ) I think they go to find you ! detective finch who 's he fuckin ' talk to . the detective perspire , in tear as he look to Ben above he . willard it 's all over ! you can live anywhere ! you can go anywhere ! I have nowhere but here ! BEN remains motionless ... ext . alley - continuous Officer salmon and detective finch stand on box , now able to see inside ... detective finch no one 's in there . they guy 's nut . we should call bellvue . int . kitchen - continuous flashlight flare across the room , unable to see he .. willard there be nothing I could do for socrate ! but we get he back , Ben . we get Martin back . together ! BEN stare down at willard . ext . alley - continuous the police officer shine the light inside and freeze ... officer salmon Jesus ! it 's not just bellvue . we gotta call the fuckin ' health department exterminator ... the detective check the officer 's flashlight beam . int . kitchen - continuous detective's Pov the floor 's cover with rat , continue to pour over the basement stair and into the kitchen . ext . alley - continuous finch and salmon hustle off of the box and return toward the front of the house . int . kitchen - continuous with the officer ' departure , the flashlight beam be go . willard be alone in the dark kitchen . Ben remain on the island , stare down at he , the other rat slowly close in ... willard we be do with each other , ben. just ... go ! go away ! we be not friend anymore . BEN growl .. the rat continue toward willard . willard stands ... willard food ? if I give you food , will you go away ? willard partially , quickly , open the cabinet , careful not to reveal the previously place trap . willard I will give you what there be ... camera push in on willard as he head turn toward the cabinet beneath the sink ... willard be Pov - cabinet beneath the sink willard move to the lower cabinet , open it , and remove the brown grocery bag , serve as a trash bag . he turn toward ... BEN inch back ... cautious ... willard approach with the bag , tipping it at a angle . noting Ben 's hesitation , willard reassure he . willard no . no , ben. food . just food . BEN tense ... eye on the bag . willard ( o.s. ) whatever food 's in the bag , yours . willard & the trash bag he set it on the island ... willard food , ben. food . BEN inch toward the bag ... trash bag - ben' Pov Inside , although mask with paper and trash ... near the base of the bag ... the rat trap . BEN hiss ! begins to back away ... willard pounce ! drop the bag over Ben . Inside , unseen but definitely hear , a sicken whack ! Ben squeal ! willard take a step toward the bag , eye wide and mean ! willard fuck you , BEN ! I hate you ! I love socrates ! I fuckin ' hate you ! trash bag atop the island ... thrashes and jerk from Ben 's panic . inside the bag , Ben squeal ; a command to the other ... the rat move on willard ... trash bag the bag tear away revealing BEN , he right front arm catch in the trap , squealing and try to free himself willard search for a escape route ... the rat charge toward he ... BEN camera push in as Ben begin gnaw on he own arm in a attempt to free himself . friend 's no more on the upper cupboard rat leap ! willard several rat leap onto willard 's back and shoulder . close - willard' shoulder a pair of upper and lower incisor plunge into he skin ! ext . willard' house - continuous detective finch and Officer salmon return . the officer head toward the patrol car and get on the radio . cathryn look desperately toward finch as willard 's scream can be hear in the house . detective finch I be not settin ' foot in there . there 's , like , thousand fuckin ' rat . cathryn move toward the door , struggle with the doorknob . detective finch hey , you want to get eat alive ? camera sweep in on cathryn , realize ... cathryn Martin ... int . kitchen - continuous willard throw he hand over and behind he neck , pull off he coat . with rat cling to the coat , willard whip it against the hard marble atop the island ... again and again . rat squeal and squish . drop the coat , he retreat against the cabinet . he freeze with shock at something o.s. , camera rush into willard ... willard be Pov - the island the trap be still there , encircle by blood . Ben , however , be go . only he forearm remain , in the trap . willard break for the back door . he tug on the handle , it will not open . willard be Pov - door frame Nails be hammer into frame . fortify the house to keep the rat out ... he 's lock himself in . willard he turn toward the front of the kitchen . kitchen - willard' Pov the hardwood floor roll in wave of fur ... toward he . willard summon the courage . wide willard make a desperate dash toward the dining room . willard' feet and legs teeth . claw . hairless tail whip and snap at he . several rat be crush by the impact of he foot . int . dine room - continuous the divide door bang open ! willard charge inside , grab a chair and smashes the bay window . dine room / foyer door barricade by the upend dining room table ... lurch from the force of the rat on the other side . willard move to the bay window ... and meet the security bar . he clutches they , tug and pull with all he might . they will not move . camera push into willard . willard cathryn ! ext . willard' house - cathryn absently back away ... int . dine room - continuous willard help I ... ext . willard' house - continuous cathryn continue back away ... afraid of he . int . dine room - continuous willard yank on the bar . Inside the dining room , a loud crack . willard turn . dine room ceiling a crack extend from the chandelier outward and across the ceiling , which appear to sag . chandelier begins to sway . then , inside the crystal column in the chandelier , a rat crawl from the inner ceiling . another follow . the chandelier begin fill with rat . willard react , horrify . o.s. , a screech on the floor . upturned table maraud rat break through from the foyer . chandelier the crystal shatter . the chandelier chain snap . the fixture fall . rat pour from the hole in the ceiling . willard attempt one final tug on the bar . they do not budge . he turn and break across the dining room to the foyer . int . stairway - continuous willard charge up the step , several at a time ... close - stair rat snap and bite at he foot . int . upstair hallway - continuous willard reach the upstairs landing . he look down the hall toward he bedroom . int . willard' bedroom - continuous the shadow of the confine bar ripple upon the curtain . int . upstair hallway - continuous willard continue toward the second flight of the stair ... int . third floor landing - continuous willard reach the landing and race immediately toward a close door ... int . mr. stile ' home office - continuous the door bang open ; dust particle swirl . willard appear and hold . camera sweep in on he expression of hope at something , o.s . willard' Pov - dormer window camera push in on the yellow stain glass window , a shaft of golden light filter inside , underline by the dust particle . it 's small , but large enough to crawl through ... int . mr. stile ' home office - continuous willard race toward the light , plant he foot on the bookcase and rise toward the window ... window the yellow light fill the frame , until the black silhouette quickly block the light ... the silhouette of a large armless rat . BEN . willard hold , afraid . willard Ben ... I think we be friend . BEN beat . then , Ben hiss ! snap into camera ! wider willard 's back be to camera as BEN bite into willard 's face . willard 's hand clamp onto the bookcase , struggle to free himself of Ben 's violent grasp . willard' feet slip from the bookcase , dangle . rat begin chew through he foot and leg . wider willard continue struggle , however , as camera pull back to reveal the rise tide of rat spilling in from the wall and doorway , it be apparent willard 's struggle will be short and futile . ext . willard' house - continuous cathryn , street level , be look up , as be the two officer . o.s. , willard 's muffle and desperate scream can be hear , grow louder as camera begins to rise up the house . the rain pour and the wind blows as camera continue craning up the house . upon reach the second level ... willard 's scream cease . only the rain and wind remain . camera continue rising and pushing closer to the top level until the exterior of the yellow stain glass dormer window once again fill the frame and camera hold ... after a beat , Ben 's silhouette climb into the window , lick he wound . as the black form hold against the gold light and turn toward camera , drum stick clack introduce Pearl jam 's " rat " , which continue over a slow ... fade to black . wait ... quiet as a mouse end credit ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ] ||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;