wind river written by Taylor sheridan OPEN on : snow cover a endless plain on a moonless night . clump of sagebrush , huddle together like angry gnome , be the only evidence of life in this place . there be no movement . no sound . until ... the sound of feet crushing snow . move toward we . fast. a girl run past US -- scream . she 's in she late teens , wear a baby blue , down - fill coat . White sweat pants . she run as though she life depend on it ... which it do . girl voice ( v.o. ) there be a meadow in my perfect world . where wind dance the branch of a tree , casting leopard spot of light across the face of a pond ... angle on : bare feet slamm freeze earth . blood stain the snow with every step . girl voice ( v.o. ) the tree stand tall and grand and alone , shading the world beneath it . we run beside her . we take in she pretty face as she sob , heave in air , stumble , and fall out of frame . girl voice ( v.o. ) there will come a day when I rest against its spine and look out over a valley where the sun warm , but never burn ... she rise , blood drip into she eye from a unseen wound . take off again and somehow run faster -- scream whipping behind she like a cape . girl voice ( v.o . ) I will watch leave turn . Green , then amber , then crimson . then no leave at all ... the faster she run , the farther the horizon move from she . as if the earth be tilting to prevent this girl from reach she destination . girl voice ( v.o . ) but the tree will not die . for in this place , winter never come ... it be here , in the cradle of all I hold dear , I guard every memory of you . she find she stride . crying less . running harder . gain momentum . pull away from we . get down to the business of survive . girl voice ( v.o . ) and when I find myself freeze in the mud of the real -- far from you loving eye , I will return to this place , close mine , and take solace in the simple perfection of know you . we watch from a distance : her white pants match the snow , she black hair match the night -- all we can see be a baby - blue coat that float above the plain like a wayward balloon , bounce above a white desert . CUT to : ext . highway 789 -- central wyoming -- dawn . yellow line whip beneath we . the fade blacktop be a gray blur as we chew road . to we leave be a ocean of sage brush and dirty snow , sprawle out before the tower wind river mountain range . a pick up truck make its way down a desert highway . on the door be a official seal and the letter u.s.f.w.s. : the UNITED states fish and wildlife service . int . pick up truck -- continuous . a man grip the steering wheel . sip coffee from a travel mug . he 's around 40 . sunken cheek . mustache . cowboy hat on he head . almost white when it be new -- sweat , dirt , and who know what else , have stain the hat brown and rob it of its shape . a fair description of the man as well . through the windshield we see a dirt road that meet the black top . the truck slow , turn onto it . ext . sagebrush prairie -- day . five hundre sheep wander through snow in a futile search for something to eat . in the distance , we see : two coyote . they duck behind the sagebrush , then reappear seventy - five yard closer , only to disappear again . farther to the flock 's leave , three more coyote approach at a trot . they see no need for stealth -- this sheep have nowhere to go ... the sheep spot the killer approach and huddle into a tight circle -- with the ram form a outer layer of protection . if coyote could laugh , they would laugh at this . the two wary coyote ; however , make no attempt to approach . they raise they nose to the air -- suck in the wind 's secret . and just like that , they disappear . the other three move eagerly toward they lunch . thunder shake the very earth . one of the coyote be blow backwards , cart - wheeling through the snow . the other two stop . more thunder . a second coyote be drive into the ground like he 's be hit with a giant hammer . the last coyote turn and run for the safety of anywhere but here . widen to reveal -- the man , dress completely in white , lay prone -- invisible in the snow . a rifle press to he shoulder . he work the bolt -- chamber another round . we see the last coyote through a rifle scope . the cross-hair find the back of the coyote 's head bounce in and out of view . the scope begin to move with it . the rifle invade the silence again . when the muzzle flash disappear , we see the coyote splay out in the snow . in the distance , the two coyote wise enough to never trust the scent of man crest a far rise , and drop out of view . the sheep shriek in terror as they run around in a giant , panicked , pointless circle . the man rise and walk toward the carnage he inflicted . the flock run right toward the man , who do not stop . do not even look in they direction . the flock almost run into he before divide and pass he on either side . they rejoin , and continue they silly circle -- all instinct for survival breed out of they . ext . sagebrush prairie -- day . the man look at the dead coyote with no emotion . he remove a rope from a backpack . begins looping the rope around the back foot of a coyote , then move to another and do the same . all three be now tethere together and he begin the chore of drag they through the snow and red dirt . he drag they past the flock , which stand idly by , panting like tired dog . his dark eye hold no joy . no sorrow either . this be not sport . this be he job . this be cory lambert . CUT to : int . pick up truck -- day . cory warm he free hand against the truck 's vent . grab he coffee . take a sip . the coffee 's cold . do not matter -- not he first cold cup of coffee . he stare at the road . if the truck have a radio that work , he have turn it on . ext . bureau of land management field office -- day . blm officer tim winter , late 30' , big coat , bigger cowboy hat , stand beside usfws enforcement agent dale bertram , early 30' . they stare at the coyote in the bed of Corey 's truck . tim do you see wyman 's sheep dog near the flock ? cory nope . tim told I he have six dog watch over it . cory he do not have six dog anymore . that coyote move on that flock like they have be do it all month . tim bugger be bad this year . we will be lucky if there 's a flock of sheep stand come April . Tim look to the STORM cloud that loom over the wind river mountain range like a reckoning . tim ( cont 'd ) after this storm , I want you up in a chopper . that mutt 's will be easy to spot with a coat of fresh snow . when can you boy fly , Dale ? dale we will see what kind of wind follow the storm . maybe Wednesday . he look at cory . dale ( cont 'd ) I get a call from bia Police , the chief be ask for you . a mountain lion 's work through the flock east of Boulder flat . Tim can not help but laugh . tim you have think folk would learn this be not sheep country . they all laugh at that . dale tore up a horse and some weanling too . cory that sound like wolf . dale Chief say it 's a cat , and they be not have no luck get it . I offer Kenny and he hound , but they do not want a white man run around on the rez with a firearm . cory they do not want a white man out there period . i’1l call he . tim I forget you be part indian . cory well ... I be indian enough to do favor , but not enough to pull a check . dale be careful out there . half that boy be tweak out of they mind . cory do not answer . tim shit , that junk 's everywhere now . I be scared to let my daughter leave the house . as soon as Tim say it , he wish he could have it back . everyone look to the ground . to the mountain . to the storm hover . anywhere but cory , who stare at the coyote 's corpse in the bed of he truck . lifeless eye stare back . cory I gotta go . dale okay . Drop that off at Fish and game . cory yep . he climb in he truck and start it in one fluid motion . he pull toward the road as the come storm inch closer . CUT to : int . cory 's pick up -- lander , wyoming -- day . cory drive through the town of lander . feed store , fast food , and a Wall Mart pass by he window . he turn on a side street and pull up to a small house . Parks . get out . ext . wilma lambert 's house -- continuous . cory walk up the driveway past a fade , Silver subaru . reaches the door . ring the bell . the door open and wilma lambert , 38 , full blood shoshoni , give cory a terse smile . she be a beauty two kid and many heartaches ago , but bad food and cigarettes be win the war against she look . still , effort go into she hair , and make - up be delicately apply . wilma you get blood on you shirt . cory I be at work . she nod , but do not approve . wilma who be the victim today ? cory know she well enough to sense she mood , and apparently she 's in one right now . cory look like it 's gonna be I . she stare at he . her face go from anger to pity to tired in a instant . she wave he in . wilma want some coffee ? he do not , but : cory sure . thank you . he step in , remove he hat . int . wilma lambert 's house -- continuous . it be exactly what you would expect from a prefab home own by a woman with good taste and no money . the place be spotless . mismatch lazy boy and outdated furniture be thoughtfully arrange . wilma disappear into the kitchen , leave cory alone in the live room . he stare at the ground . fumble with he hat . look at the ceiling fan . ... give up and turn he gaze toward the fireplace . above the mantle be a 16x24 , framed yearbook photograph of a teenage girl . she wear a basketball uniform . Black hair neatly braid into long pig-tail . Big smile . Bright eye . his eye . Sage bundle , sweetgrass braid , and a eagle feather be arrange around it . it be a shrine . wilma return . hand he a mug . he nod he appreciation . cory I gotta go to the rez tomorrow , think I have take casey by you folk . she wince at the word ' rez’ , then nod at the word ' folk 's . wilma something kill a yearling in the pasture behind they house . cory that 's why I be go . wilma probably one of that littlefeather demon . they steal two of daddy 's calve last spring . cory Mountain lion , wolf , or demon child , they want I to find it . beat . wilma do not let casey out of you sight on the rez , okay ? cory I be gonna leave he with you folk while I scout . too cold to drag he through the snow . wilma you know what I mean . cory seem to make eye contact with she for the first time . cory yeah , I do . and I will not . beat . cory sip he coffee . then yell down the hall . cory ( cont 'd ) casey ! casey dad ??! okay ! i’m coming . appear in the hall and bumbling toward cory be casey lambert , 8 year old . olive skin and short , black hair cover by a weathered cowboy hat very similar to cory 's . though the skin and hair be darker , this be clearly cory 's son . the boy labor toward he dad with suitcase , sleep bag , coat , and bb gun in a noisy , clumsy , ball of energy . cory what do I tell you about point that bb gun at people ? casey freeze . drop everything but the gun . casey sorry dad . iu . cory be careless will not get you anywhere faster . casey no sir . cory put the bb gun in the truck then come back for the rest . casey yes sir . he begin run for the door . cory do not run with it . slow to a urgent walk . pushes through the screen door . wilma I ’1ll be back Monday afternoon . cory watch yourself on the road . wilma he do not need to be miss school to go chase coyote with you . cory we will get all the chase out of we system tomorrow ... you be careful . wilma this will not be my first snow storm in a car . beat . cory walk over to casey 's thing . wilma ( cont 'd ) let he . need to learn to do thing for himself . cory grab he thing anyway . cory I agree , but I have stand here as long as I care to . hope the interview go well in Jackson . di . wilma yep . we will see . cory if anyone be bear to make a live talk on the phone ... she take the jab as one of affection , which it be . cory ( cont 'd ) it 's a good school over there . good town . she nod . wilma if I get the job , we be gonna have to talk about he child support -- Jackson 's a lot more expensive . cory get the job . we will get the rest figure . you get my word . whatever happen to this two , they be unify in they desire to find a better life for they son . he push the screen door open . look back at she . cory ( cont 'd ) take togwotee pass . do not go through pinedale . Storm 's come from the south . wilma 's eye go dark . wilma you could not drag I through pinedale with a rope . i’1l never set foot in that town again . he nod without agree , then push through the door . int . cory 's pick up -- day . casey look at he father , then at the come storm . casey she 's gonna be a bad one . cory hide a smile at casey 's attempt to speak like a man . look at he son -- a miniature , if darker , version of he . look at he hat -- beat and filthy , just like he . 12 . cory you just get that at Christmas . casey it 's take a beat , just like a hat should . cory do what ? you have only have the thing two month . casey I be in the 4 - h barn three time a week . cory draw in a breath to reprimand . look at he boy -- so desperate to please -- and swallow it . give wisdom instead . cory life dirty thing plenty fast on its own , do not need any help from you . casey stare at the floorboard . give a submissive nod as the excitement of a weekend with dad drain from he . he look out the window as the outskirt of town fade into freeze field . cory regret say anything at all . cory ( cont 'd ) hey . casey look up . cory ( cont 'd ) when we get home , I 'il help you dust that hat up the right way . okay ? the tiniest of smile cross casey 's face . through the windshield we see storm cloud , black as the come night , push against the mountain that contain they . ext . cory lambertas place -- dusk . beside a small house be a corral . four horse huddle together , ass to the wind , wishing like hell it be spring . cory and casey emerge from a old barn carry hay . cory flip a latch and swing the gate open , snap the horse from they stupor . be . the horse head straight for casey -- ripping hay from he bundle . cory toss he hay bale in a trough , then turn back to casey . cory push they nose when they rub up on you like that . casey push one horse as another reach over he head and grab more hay , whipping casey in the face when it do , knock he down . cory step up and all the horse hurry toward the trough , like a high school fight break up when the principal arrive . cory look at he son , who have no hay leave to hold . he sit on the ground -- face , coat , and hat cover in shred alfalfa and horse slobber . cory ( cont 'd ) told ’'y a I would get that hat dirty . casey they get the height advantage on I be the deal . cory we can fix that . cory smile . most kid would have be terrify , but casey stand he ground . cory walk up behind casey , lift he and set he on a liver - color mare that be far too busy eat to care about the boy now on she back . cory ( cont 'd ) remember what I show you ? casey but she 's eat . cory you want that horse to be yours some day , prove it . not to I , to she . casey let out a breath . grab a handful of mane , and pull back slightly . the mare raise she head , but do not move . 14 . cory ( cont ’d ) put that boot into the front of she chest . he kick into she . she bolt up . casey grab on tight . cory ( cont ’d ) I do not say kick . ask she before you tell she . just press you boot into she chest . Gentle . he do , and the mare back up . cory ( cont 'd ) ease up on the mane , and give she a little nudge in the rib . he do . the mare obey , and move forward . cory ( cont 'd ) wherever you look be where she go . take she to the gate . casey stare at the gate with the focus of a surgeon . cory ( cont 'd ) get alongside and open it . casey send cue through he foot and negotiate the mare parallel to the fence . he reach down to the latch . casey wrestle with the latch he father flip without effort . he struggle . cory ( cont ’d ) freezes up quick , do not it ... give it a good hit . casey curl he fist and pound the lever . the gate swing open . cory pull casey off and set he on the ground , face the mare . cory ( cont 'd ) let she know you . casey stand in front of she . the mare inch closer , press she nostril to casey 's nose , inhale he exhale breath . cory ( cont 'd ) put a hand to she face . Gentle , like a friend . io . he do . then look back at he father , all smile once again . casey that be pretty cowboy , huh . cory no , son . that be arapahoe . cory close the gate and they walk to the little house as the mare hang she head over the fence , watch the boy -- forget the meal so important a moment ago . int . cory 's house -- night . cory and casey sit on the couch . casey eat a sandwich and stare at the tv . cory look over a topo map as he speak on the phone . cory yeah . I be look at it . there 's drill rig over there , lion do not like the noise ... you sure it 's something and not somebody ? ... alright , I x11 check it out in the morning . if you get lion , I be gonna have to bring Kenny 's hound in to run ‘em ... name a indian with lion hound and I 'il use he . call you if I find anything . cory hang up . look at he son , lose in the television . Little mouth chew little bite , stop for a little sip of soda . cory watch he . smile . sit back quietly . the smile disappear . worry replace it . above the fireplace be the same photograph of a teenage girl dress to shoot hoop , though much smaller . cory stare at the photo , then back to he son -- who be stare right at he . casey smile , then return to the tv . cory rub he eye . pinches the bridge of he nose . hard . force emotion to retreat to wherever emotion come from . CUT to : lo . int . cory lambert 's house -- casey 's bedroom -- night . the door creak open . a shadow slink in . sit on the edge of the bed . a hand reach out and rest gently on casey 's chest . cory hey . the sheet move a little . cory ( cont 'd ) come on . wake up , son . we gotta go . casey bolt upright . casey I ’m up . the shadow rise , walk to the door . turn on the light . cory I be make breakfast . get dress . we gotta feed the horse . casey rub furiously at he eye and yawn . casey wait on you . cory ( smile ) yeah ... I can see that . cory walk out as casey rise , shaking off the night . CUT to : int . cory 's pick up -- pre-dawn . cory sip coffee . as they drive down the highway , pronghorn antelope walk parallel to the road . follow a path carve into this plain before man spark he first fire . int . cory 's pick up -- dawn . the sun have crest the horizon behind we . ahead of we -- the wind River mountain and the storm cloud that gather above they . casey how come the cloud just sit there ? why do not they dump they snow and get it over with ? cory Mountains hold the cloud back with the wind that blow between ‘em . make a sort of suction . sometimes they can suck the storm right out of the cloud . sometimes they just make it worse , cuz a big storm will sit there and gather strength from the wind that hold it back ... we ancestor believe the storm hold the spirit of vengeance , and the mountain be we protector . but when enough evil life in we people , the mountain free the storm to punish the demon among we . casey that what you believe ? cory smile . cory no. beat . cory ( cont 'd ) sometimes . up ahead , we see a small , log cabin with a barn even worse off than cory 's . two horse run and kick at the drop pressure and the storm behind it . cory drive up and park . the front door be already open . a indian man in he 70' stand in long john and boot with no regard for the sub - zero temperature . this be dan crowheart , casey 's grandfather . cory ( cont 'd ) ( re : the horse ) sense the storm . crowheart yep . that 's my cue to stick ‘em in the barn . but with a lion about , I do not want ‘em stick in a open stall . they gonna have to make they peace with the storm . ( open he arm ) come here , grandson . 1d . casey be already do that . he run to he and the old man lift he with a strength we do not credit he with have . crowheart ( cont ’d ) you be grandma make fry bread . you have breakfast ? casey just egg . crowheart go get some then . casey disappear inside . crowheart look to cory . crowheart ( cont ’d ) Hau , munape . cory yep . crowheart Police chief call you to hunt the lion , eh ? cory he call I to hunt something . you lose a steer ? crowheart I ' 1l show you where . it 's a lion . he grab a coat from a rack and step outside . they walk behind the house , past the horse and toward a large , fence , field completely cover in snow . crowheart ( cont ’d ) how 's wilma ? cory headed to a job interview in Jackson . some hotel . crowheart Jackson hole . gonna go live with the millionaire . cory what be you talk about , billionaire chase out the millionaire year ago . crowheart look back as he walk and smile . iy . crowheart save you money . when the wolf start eat they Golden retriever , that land 's gonna go for penny on the dollar . cory laugh . crowheart stop . the snow be stained red . just beyond be the body of a young steer . crowheart stand over it and point to track in the hard snow . crowheart ( cont ’d ) tell I what that be . cory lower himself to it . must admit -- cory that 's a lion . cory follow the track . crowheart stay put , watch . fifty yard away cory stop . look back at crowheart . crowheart there 's two . he follow the track farther . cory Three . she 's get both of last year 's kit with she . they chase you steer around for a while , I bet . crowheart that 's what the track say . cory walk back toward he . cory she 's teach they to hunt . and she 's teach ‘em on livestock ... ( shake he head ) she just get she whole family kill . cory look toward the mountain . from here , they tower over we like a canyon wall . cory ( cont 'd ) they be tuck up there somewhere . I will go have a look ... you mind watch casey for a few hour ? crowheart smile . ZU. crowheart you never have to ask that . cory get gas in you snowmobile ? ext . wind river reservation -- day . cory drive a snowmobile over the freeze ground , follow the track . he be far from the cabin . Far from anything . the mountain be so close , you could almost reach out and touch they . to the leave , the prairie be break with gas drill after gas drill , all jutting eighty - foot into the air like giant , steel dart fire into the earth . cory slow , see something he snowmobile . look down . we do human footprint in the snow . the ground around they . cory step off the snowmobile print -- know instantly this do not expect . stop the too . barefoot . frozen blood staining and place he hand against the person be not large . he check he pistol and he rifle , make sure both be load , remove the white camo from he backpack . put it on . follow the track on foot . another angle -- from a distance , he be invisible . it be as though the snow itself stand up and walk . we walk behind he now . the mountain be a hundred yard from he . pine tree lord over the snow . the cloud cast a shadow that be visible just fifty yard ahead . cory study the ground . take two more step , then stop -- in front of he be a perfect imprint of the girl . as though she laid down and make a bloody snow - angel . we see where she stand up and stumble toward a small arroyo just ahead . cory sling the rifle over he shoulder slowly . silently . pull out he ruger blackhawk pistol . he hide the pistol under he coat , and cock the hammer -- no noise . 21 . he raise the pistol to eye level and move forward . wherever he look -- the pistol point . he crest the little arroyo and stare down . at first he see nothing . then -- a hand . reaching from the snow . he look around . nothing . he look at the ground . no track except that of the girl . he move to the hand . gently brushes the snow away . the running girl 's face stare back . frozen in a constipate moan . blood freeze to she face . blood mix with the snow and ice around she . cory stare at she -- almost as freeze as she be . his breath leave he -- but not from the sight of a dead body . he 's see plenty in he day . this be a body he know . a snowflake fall . then another . take off he back pack , pull out a two - way radio . turn it to channel 16 -- the emergency channel -- and speak with a hollow voice . cory I need emergency assistance . repeat . emergency assistance request ... come back ? static crackle , then a voice filter through . deputy ( 0.s. ) fremont County sheriff 's office . what 's you emergency . cory I find a body on the wind River indian reservation west of Boulder flat , I need tribal Police to respond to the follow location ... we pull back and snow begin to fall . we pull back farther , and cory fade as the snow fall faster . a strong wind push the snowflake horizontal -- it be snow sideways . the storm break free from the mountain 's grasp with a vengeful howl -- ready to punish this land and she people for all the evil they have do . ZZ . ext . dan crowheart cabin -— day . cory stand on the little porch with tribal police chief BEN shoyo , 50 , kind , round face and large , heavy frame . they watch the storm throw snow at the earth like shrapnel . barely visible to the leave of the house be three tribal police truck . empty flat - bed trailer attached to the bumper . a ambulance be parked beside they . two snowmobile sit in front of the house . Ben light a smoke . crowheart FBI 's take a while , eh. BEN Road 's bad out of riverton . I hate to move she before they have have a look , but I be not gonna try to pull she out after dark . we gotta get this show on the road . cory step out into the snow . kick at it with he boot . cory we be lose the track . BEN this be not let up . not for a while . cory oughta let I follow ‘em while I still can . BEN can not have you out there without the FBI 's okay , cory . cory look back to the man on the porch . cory you call she folk yet , Ben ? BEN I want to get she to lander first . it look like Natalie , but I do not want to call the wrong person . not about this . beat . Z5e cory it 's Natalie . we look out from the porch and can barely make out -- a black suv , crawl through the snow on the main road . cory ( cont 'd ) there 's you fed . int . black suv -- continuous . FBI agent jane banner , 28 , struggle to see through the snow as she gps direct she . gps in seventy - five foot , turn right . jane ... where ?! gps turn right ... turn right . jane where do you want I to turn right ?? where !!! dirty -blonde hair fall over a pretty face as she peer closer to the windshield in a attempt to see where the hell she 's suppose to go . ext . dan crowheart 's cabin -- porch -- day . Dan , Ben , and cory look at the suv -- barely visible through the storm -- pull to a stop on the highway . crowheart what be this fool do ? cory can not see the road . beat . BEN we do not have time for this . cory I will go get ‘em . cory walk to he snowmobile . 24 . int . jane 's suv -- cont . she can barely make out the house a quarter - mile away , and the police vehicle -- white themselves -- be completely invisible . Jane pull a road atlas out and study it . look back out the window . hear what sound like the whine of a chain saw . cory appear from the snow like a wraith , pull up beside Jane 's window . knock on it . no idea a gun be now point at he on the other side of the vehicle 's door . she crack the window , leery . cory you FBI ? jane ++. you tribal Police ? cory no. but I 'il take you to they . this thing in four- wheel drive ? jane be you kid ? cory alright , follow I . cory whip the snowmobile around , spew snow , then drive toward the house . gps in fifty foot -- Jane pound the power button with she fist . jane shut up . Jane put the suv in gear and follow . the police vehicle come into view , as do Ben , stand on the porch . his uniform be she first evidence this be not a ambush . cory have already park and be walk back to the protection of the overhang . she slam the suv in park and open the vehicle door . ext . dan crowheart 's cabin -- cont . 22 . she toss a coat over a business suit as she stumble toward they in the shin-deep snow . jane I be Jane Banner . BEN be it just you ? beat . jane just I . BEN Ben shoyo . I be tribal Police Chief . this be cory lambert , work for US Fish and Wildlife . he find the body . this be he father - in- law , Dan . he do not do nuthin’ . crowheart we get the same job , eh ? jane well . sorry to meet under this circumstance . ( to cory ) you wanna show I body ? the man do not move , just exchange bewilder look . Jane shiver , hand jamme in she pocket . a half - inch of snow building on she shoulder and the top of she head . jane ( cont 'd ) I do not want to be rude , but I be freezing my ass off here , so ... BEN yeah , that 's gonna get a lot worse if you go out there dress like that . jane I be a big girl . thank you . cory step to she . cory body 's a ten mile drive by snowmobile . you have be dead before we get there . Zo. she look away from he dark , intense eye . feel a little silly as she shiver in place . jane I be in court in riverton when I get the call to come here . this be what I have -- BEN you should have a winter - gear bag in the back there -- jane this be not a government vehicle , it 's a rental . I fly in from Denver . I be just the close agent to the scene ... you do not think I can make it like this ? she be already shiver to the point it 's affect she speech . cory come inside . we will get you fix up . he point toward the cabin . Ben extend a hand to she as she reach the first step . crowheart have she elbow by the time she 's on the porch . it be clear none of this man think she will live five minute out here . she should be grateful . she be not . pride make she shake free of the man cradling she like a wounded bird . she walk into the house . Ben look at cory , shaking he head . BEN see what they send we ? int . crowheart 's cabin -- bedroom -- a little later . the humiliation continue as alice crowheart , 64 , a hundred pound overweight , and fierce eye , watch Jane pull a pair of thermal underwear over she g-string . alice thermal can make underwear wedge up you bottom , but I guess yours be already there . Jane 's smart enough to not respond . alice ( cont 'd ) here , this should fit . you be skinny . jane thanks . Alice hand she a pair of jeans . they be a little tight , but they 's 1l do . she climb into a pair of coverall . Alice hand she a wool skull cap . alice you get glove ? beat . jane no. Alice shake she head . alice goodness . what be they think send you here . aside from she cheek , virtually all of Jane be cover . she look at herself in the mirror -- feel ridiculous . Alice look too . cover she mouth with she hand . look like she may cry , then turn back to the bed . start fold the reject . jane thank you . while look down , focus on she fold -- alice you return they the minute you get back . they be not a gift . Alice turn and look right at she . alice ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? jane .-. of course . Jane walk out to the live room -- all the man wait for she . notice casey . 2b . jane ( cont 'd ) okay , I be ... bundle . let 's go . casey grab he coat , pull it on . crowheart you be gonna stay with I , young buck . casey look up at he father . cory kneel down . look into he eye as he hand gently cup the back of casey 's neck . cory a couple more hour , son . I be sorry . casey a couple . this be we day . cory I promise . casey seem to tighten and deflate at the same time , as he father rise and walk to the door . Ben look outside . BEN it be not let up . cory look , then turn back to Jane . cory it 's ten below outside . you leave that pride on the porch and hug I like you prom date , understand ? Jane be so offended she almost fall backwards . jane I be the high rank law enforcement officer for three hundred mile in any direction . do not ever tell I what to do again . step closer to she . cory I do not want to insult you , just make sure there 's only one girl froze to death out there today . she turn from he and walk out into the storm . 29 . ext . sagebrush prairie -- day . Jane sit behind cory on the snowmobile . they race through the white at 60 mile - per-hour . Jane press she face into the back of this stranger -- she hand tuck under he ass -- as she experience cold ina manner unexplainable to that who have not endure it . up ahead , we see four police snowmobile , and four officer huddle around a mobile propane heater . two emt 's huddle beside the body . cory and Ben park . walk toward they . cory do not wait for Jane to start ask question . cory I pick up she track about 300 meter to the south . Jane nod as she struggle to shake off the bone- break cold . they walk past the officer to natalie hanson 's body , and a emt hold a heat gun -- basically a very powerful hair dryer -- that he wave along Natalie 's body where it meet the ice that hold she . Jane kneel next to she . jane ( call back to Ben ) get a positive id ? BEN not positive , no . cory , and three of the officer say in unison : everyone it 's Natalie hanson . BEN have not find any identification , no one from the family have identify the body , but ... jane we will call that positive for now . she live close ? BEN Fort wakashie . North a way . du . jane what 's 'a way ’? BEN thirty minute drive . jane okay , she do not run from home . Jane study the gash . touches the body . jane ( cont 'd ) she 's freeze solid . she look back at Ben . jane ( cont 'd ) no one report she miss ? her parent ? BEN no . she take that in . jane make the parent rather suspect . no one like the sound of that , but they all hold they tongue . Jane notice dry blood that have soak and freeze to the crotch of she sweatpant . notice she bare foot . jane ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) who do this to you , honey ? as out of place as Jane be in the wild , and this may very well be she first murder scene -- she ignore the cold and focus . patient . observant . she look up at Ben . jane ( cont 'd ) how experience be you medical examiner ? the irony of this girl ask who 's experience ... BEN he stay busy . sl . jane order a rape kit , when he 's do with he prelim , I want she send to cheyenne . make sure she belonging go with she . I need they test . I be list this as a homicide . one of the officer can not help but mumble -- officer gee , you think ? Jane stand , look over the land -- cover in a foot of fresh powder . with more fall . jane we be not go to find the attack site if it 's out in the open . not till spring , anyway . she turn to cory . jane ( cont 'd ) how well do you know this land ? cory like it 's my job . which it be . jane anywhere she could have be run from ? anything close ? cory nearest home be seven or eight mile southeast . BEN Sam littlefeather 's house be out there . cory yep . BEN that boy be worth look into . jane I be no survivalist , but that 's too far to run in the snow -- she 's dress no better than I be and I almost froze to death in you front yard . 32 . cory you be not from here . jane there 's no structure closer ? cory drill rig maybe five mile from here . there 's trailer for the worker . but they shut it down in the winter . jane so why would a teenage girl be out here ? BEN kid come out here on snowmobile . have a big party out here in the snow . jane not barefoot they do not . ( to cory ) what do you think ? cory only thing I can tell you about be the track . jane that 's the only thing we have get . cory look at she for a moment , walk a few foot , begin kick snow -- make a little clear . he kneel into the snow and very delicately begin use he hand , then lean over and blow the snow away . cory look here . she lean over he . natalie 's foot print and frozen blood , now mix with snow be visible . cory ( cont ’d ) see how the toe twist out ? and the front of the track be deeper than the back -- almost no imprint of the heel ? jane yeah . 33e cory she be run . he stand . point to Natalie 's body thirty yard away . cory ( cont ’d ) she run until she drop . there 's a spot over here where she fall ... cory walk to the bloody snow angel . cory ( cont 'd ) a pool of blood where she face hit . get down to twenty below out here at night . you breathe that cold air deep in you lung -- like when you be run , it will freeze they . lung fill up with blood , you start cough it up . he point to the impression of she face and the pool of blood . beat . cory ( cont 'd ) wherever she come from , she run all the way here . her lung burst and she curl up under that tree . she do not freeze to death ... she drown . jane how far could someone run barefoot out here ? he look out over the mountain . cory I see tourist freeze to death in this mountain when it be barely 40 degree ... I see a fur trader catch in he own trap , drag himself six mile to a forest service cabin and radio for help . in the dead of winter ... there be not no gauge for the will to live . some have it . plenty do not +. I know this girl . she be a fighter . however far we think she run , my guess be she run farther . cory look east . 34 . cory ( cont 'd ) I get to get back to my son . I promise he a few hour . jane would you be willing to help I ? I mean , I can not ... Hell , I could not find the way back to my car . I do not know how to investigate this without ...( she turn to Ben ) can I borrow he for a few day ? BEN he do not work for I . ( to cory ) you get a lion to kill , do not forget . cory there 's three of ‘em . and I do not . jane ... what do you do for the Forest service ? cory I be a hunter . jane «+. a lion hunter ?? cory I hunt predator . she look back at the police officer try to free Natalie 's corpse from a freeze land intent on keep she . jane good . come hunt one for I . we push in closer . past the officer . past the heat gun . we rest on she face -- watch as she slowly thaws . watch the ice that seal she eye begin to melt and run down she cheek like tear . cory look at she . say , very softly -- cory okay . 3d . int . jane 's suv -- night . snow pound the windshield as the wiper work frantically to remove it . snow swarm in the headlight like locust . Jane lean forward , chin almost rest on the steering wheel , strain to see the road . gps in half a mile , turn leave on East Main Street . the gps may be right , but there be no way to know -- Jane can not see ten foot in front of she . she slow down even more -- barely go 30 . turn on she hazard ... gps ( cont 'd ) in three hundred foot , turn leave on East Main Street . she slow a little more , but still see nothing -- no road . nothing . gps ( cont 'd ) turn leave . turn leave . she look to the leave , then back to she right -- a truck horn blare . she slam on she brake and begin slide as a semi whip by , mere foot from she bumper . she slide to a stop in the middle of the intersection , now face the direction of the semi . she struggle to slow she beat heart as she watch the brake light of the truck that almost kill she . the truck driver get out , run back to she . she roll she window down . jane I be sorry , I can not see anything . truck driver if you don ’t know how to drive in this you shouldn ’t be on the road . jane who the hell know how to drive in this ?? 30 . truck driver pull up behind I and follow I close . do not slam you brake . stay in second gear -- and you pull you ass into the first motel we come to . jane that 's where I be head anyway . truck driver well I guess it 's you goddam lucky day . he turn and run through the storm back to he truck . she roll up she window . jane ( to no one ) I be really sorry we never have blizzard in fucking florida !!! I have like to see one of you bastard in a hurricane . he begin slowly move forward . mad as she be -- she obey , and pull up right behind he . ext . silver spur lodge -- lander , wyoming -- night . the parking lot be completely empty and cover with snow . the truck driver point out he window at the motel -- wildly gesture for she to go there . Jane turn into the lot , slamm the curb , and spin she wheel in a furious attempt to reach the safety of the cover entrance . she park . draw in a deep breath , open the door and step into the fury of the storm . int . silver spur lodge -- lander , wyoming -- night . the decor be old west meet late 80 's -- wagon wheel , black leather couch , and watercolor of mountain , cowboy , and horse . behind the counter be ingred , late 30 's , horribly obese , and watch some version of CSI on a small tv . Jane approach the counter . ingred you look a little frazzle . jane quite a storm out there . ingred yeah , you could have pick a better day to travel . jane could I get a room ? ingred how many night ? jane I do not know . a week , maybe . ingred smoke ? jane no. ingred pet ? jane no. ingred if you have a pet , now 's the time to tell I -- a whining dog at 3 be put you both back in the storm . jane no pet . ingre slide over a large index card . ingred mastercard , Visa or cash . fill out you home address and vehicle information . I need to make a copy of you license . Jane lay she FBI id and badge out . jane do you give a government discount ? ingred government 's never give I one . jane --. so that 's a no . 3b . ingred and how , lady . Jane nod as she set she credit card and license on the counter . ingre take they , run the card . beat . ingred ( cont 'd ) you here about that girl they just find ? jane how do you know about that ? ingred small town ( read off the id ) , Jane . another indian girl , I be sure . Jane do not answer . ingred ( cont 'd ) there be not gonna be a meth problem on the reservation much longer cuz there be not gonna be any Indians leave to do it . killing they baby faster than they can make new one . jane you have kid ? ingred two son . oldest graduate in June . jane be meth a problem here ? ingred Girls and algebra 's my boy 's only problem . can not speak for no one else 's kid . Jane swipe she room key . jane be the room far ? ingred put you in the first one out the door to the leave . you can leave you car under the awning till morning . sy . jane thank you . ingred do not do it to be nice . I get tulip bulb in planter out there , and I need you run over ‘em like I need another hemorrhoid . with that ingre climb back on she stool and return to the tv . Jane turn and head for the door . int . cory lambert 's house -- night . cory sit at he dining room table . a centerfire cartridge reloader in front of he . beside he be a marlin guide gun -- a stainless steel , lever-action rifle chamber in .45 - 70 . it be a rifle for stop bear . when they be run right at you . on a small scale he weigh bullet , choose only that that weigh exactly 540 grain . he seat a rifle case in the reloader , place a bullet in the machine 's tooth , pull a lever . when he return the lever upright , he have a fully form bullet , almost four inch long . casey ( 0.s. ) dad ? cory look up . casey stand in long john -- hair mess from sleep and a sheepish look on he face . cory think you be sleep . casey look at he foot . casey ( small ) have a nightmare . cory Bout what ? beat . casey who be she ? cory come over here . 4uu . casey shuffles over and sit at the table . cory ( cont 'd ) want a glass of milk ? casey no. beat . cory she 's just a girl . lose she way in the snow . casey look at the reloader and the gun rest against the table . casey what 's this ? cory work . cory seat another rifle case . casey do she die like Emily ? cory she die from the cold . casey so she die like Emily . beat . cory yeah , son . I be afraid she do . cory push back from the table . set the rifle on the table . pull he son onto he lap . casey be that for the lion ? cory I be do some work for the government this week . it 's for that . casey it 's a grizzly , be not it . 41 . cory I do not know what it be yet . but I be gonna try and figure it out ... you wanna go back to bed ? casey no. can I sleep with you tonight ? cory I be not go to bed for a while . casey nod as if that be not a answer he have consider . cory ( cont 'd ) you wanna curl up on the sofa , and I nil take you back with I when I be do ? casey okay . casey slip off he dad 's lap , crawl on the couch , and disappear under a blanket . cory return to he reloader , and the chore of fashion death , half a ounce at a time . ext . cory lambert 's house -- dawn . we watch from across the road as cory walk toward the barn , casey run behind . sunlight bounce off the snow . the storm have pass . Blue sky above . we watch they disappear into the barn . watch the horse press against the gate , unable to go another minute without they breakfast . int . cory 's pick up -- day . casey hold he hand up to the heat vent . cory look at he son , wear he filthy , little cowboy hat . cory what 's the test ? casey we be study the president . cory what about ‘em , birthdays ? 42 . casey no . the one on money . do you know who 's on the fifty dollar bill ? cory think about it . cory I do not . casey President grant . cory that a fact . casey yep . know who 's on the hundred dollar bill ... Ben Franklin ? cory '' + . I do not think he be president . casey he get he face on money , I guess he 's the president of something . how bout a twenty dollar bill ? cory you know son , most of my experience have be with the George Washington and abraham lincoln variety . casey that 's the one dollar bill and the five . cory that I know . cory pull up in front of the elementary school . casey be you pick I up ? cory you mom . unless the road from Jackson 's too bad , then it 'il be I . casey I hope the road be bad . cory you do not ever wish that , son . 45 . he do not . casey sorry . cory i’1ll see you Thursday . then you be mine for a week . casey smile . casey Thursday . casey open the door . step out . cory good luck on that test . casey I love you , dad . casey close the door before cory get to say it back . casey run toward the school through a foot of snow . cory watch the boy until he step through the door and they close behind he . put the truck in gear . cory 's face harden -- he be a hunter again . int . fremont county coroner' office -- night . Jane walk down a dim , grey hallway . Ben lean against the wall , sip coffee . BEN I see you find town okay . jane barely . do the family identify she ? BEN yeah . jane they give you a reason for not report she miss ? BEN get a boyfriend she stay with some . do not think anything of it . «+. she be eighteen . free to do what she want . 44a , jane gonna need to talk to the boyfriend . BEN we will get to that . Ben begin to push the exam room door open , then stop . BEN ( cont 'd ) you ever do this before ? jane observe a autopsy ? come on ... no -.. be it that obvious ? BEN anyone who tell you they get easier be a goddam liar . let 's get it over with . they push through the door . int . exam room -- coroner' office -- cont . on a steel table be Natalie . nake . chest saw open like a gut deer . Jane pretend like it do not weaken she knee . Ben walk toward the body , no attempt to hide he unease toward this awful part of he job . a man , dress in scrub , run a centrifuge along a far wall . BEN Randy , you be on a clock . I have get about five minute of this in I , so let 's go . dr . randy whitehurst turn and walk to the body . dr . whitehurst I will be quick . ( nod to Jane ) good morning , Randy whitehurst , I be the medical examiner . Jane want to look anywhere but the body or the man that cut she in half . jane uh huh . I be agent Banner . BEN FBI -- 45 . jane thank you , yes . I be FBI . he study she . dr . whitehurst this you first autopsy ? how the fuck do everyone know that ? dr . whitehurst ( cont 'd ) hey , gotta have a first . jane yes , it 's my first on a investigation , but ... I be train for this , so everyone just ... can we get to it , please ? dr . whitehurst yes mar ’am . as you see here , she suffer a deep laceration along she brow line . he point at each act of violence . wait for nod from both Jane and Ben before move on . dr . whitehurst ( cont 'd ) two separate rib . frost bite in both foot up through she ankle , frost bite on she nose and she leave hand -- the frost bite on she foot be stage four , you can tell by the blue here , you see that ? jane yes . dr . whitehurst vaginal wall be tear . the damage on multiple side of the wall at different depth indicate penetration by different individual , and the bite mark along she neck and on the leave nipple have distinct measurement -- jane so there be two assailant . dr . whitehurst at least ... I swab she and send the sample by courier to cheyenne . ( more ) 40 . dr . whitehurst ( cont 'd ) we should have DNA result in a week or so , but I will state in my report : sexual assault by multiple offender . Jane have find herself next to Natalie 's head , can not help but gently stroke she hair as though remind herself this carcass have a soul . dr . whitehurst ( cont 'd ) do not touch she -- I have not comb she hair for forensics yet . jane sorry . BEN what be you list as the cause of death ? dr . whitehurst you be not go to like it -- she die from a pulmonary hemorrhage . when sub -zero air be draw into lung , it can cause the alveoli -- the tiny sacs in the lung -- to burst . fluid build in the lung , and if the air be cold enough , liquid in the lung will crystallize . ultimately , the victim either freeze from the inside out , or they drow in they own blood -.. that 's the cause of death in this instance . Jane think . cory be right . then she realize -- jane you be not list this as a homicide ? dr . whitehurst can not . jane but ... you have to factor in the circumstance . she be rape . repeatedly . beaten . and then -- dr . whitehurst look , circumstance be you field , not mine . let I show you , come here -- jane I do not need it explain -- I need to find whoever chase she to death in this freeze hell and put they in prison , and not call this a ... she walk a lap around the room , calming herself , come back to where she start . jane ( cont 'd ) sorry . dr . whitehurst this be very prosecutable as a murder -- clearly she would not have be run through the snow if she have not be attack , but I can not list the cause of death as a homicide . jane the only way I can get a FBI team to the reservation be if it 's list as a homicide . I be not here to solve this , I be here to obtain a cause of death and have someone send here who can -- dr . whitehurst look , present the rape , present the assault and I be sure -- jane that be not federal crime ! that crime fall to the Bureau of indian affair and ... sorry . dr . whitehurst you keep say sorry , but you keep do it . she look at Ben , eye begging for a alternative . BEN hey , I be use to no help . jane you have six officer on you entire force -- to cover a area the size of rhode Island . no offense , but this will have to curl up in you lap for you to solve it . he do take offense , but also know it 's true . 45 . dr . whitehurst we all know it 's a murder . have a US Attorney sign off on it . I be happy to corroborate that , I just can not put it on the death certificate . she walk off , shaking she head . jane okay . thank you . she push through the double door to the hall . Ben walk out after she . she lean against the wall , look at the ceiling . BEN I appreciate you passion . not the usual response from fed ... but Randy 's on we side -- she turn to he , fierce . jane as soon as my supervisor see this he 's go to want I back in Denver . not that I be much help , but «+ . I be all you be go to get . we have no time ... what 's that hunter 's phone number ? int . cory 's pick up -- day . cory move through the reservation town of wind River . it have none of lander 's convenience -- no 7 - 11 's , no motel , no chain restaurant . every structure look wind - bleach and buckle from the weight of snow on the roof . cory 's cellphone ring . cory hello . ext . trout creek road -- cont . we watch cory 's truck -- pull a small flat - bed trailer carry a snowmobile -- slow down , make a three - point turn in the middle of the road , and head off the other way . 49 . int . hanson home -- fort washakie , wyoming -- day . we be inside a house that scream poverty . Furniture be old and break to the point of barely be functional . faux - wood siding of the manufacture home be fray at the edge . still , extreme care have be give to make it into a home . photo of Natalie and a handsome teenage boy be paste on every wall . we hear Ben 's voice as we look over the home . BEN ( 0.s. ) so you never meet he . man ( 0.s. ) no. BEN ( 0.s . ) and she never talk about he ? man ( 0.s. ) not to I . the man 's voice be soft , deep , almost soothing . as we push in on a photo of Natalie and the handsome young man , who be clearly she brother , we hear -- jane ( 0.s. ) why would you let she stay with a man you have never meet . a man whose name you do not even know . I look around , see all this photo -- martin ( 0.s. ) she be a adult . jane barely . we see the man now -- Natalie 's father , martin hanson , 40' , every bit of 6 ’2 '' . Long , black hair pull in a braid pony tail . Dark , heavy face . but that eye -- a hawk 's eye . a warrior 's eye . which be burn into Jane . he look at Ben . man wyuksa psi wasichu . jane what do that mean ? BEN .«-. it 's not good . she look at the big man , apologize without back down . du. jane I do not mean to offend you . I be try to understand the dynamic , Mr. hanson . I be try to help . martin why be it whenever you people try to help , it start with insult . he step toward she , furious eye and all . she resist the temptation to draw she weapon . martin ( cont 'd ) I do not know why she would not tell I . but she be eighteen . I choose to trust she . I choose wrong . he look she over . jane how about you wife , do you daughter talk to she ? martin do you talk to you mother ? beat . jane it 's Annie ? be she here ? martin she 's in the bedroom . jane I would like to speak to she . his hawk eye narrow . he say , almost like a dare -- martin be my guest . jane thank you . ( point down the hall ) bedroom this way ? BEN Jane . Ben shake he head ' no 's . jane ( to Martin ) you do not mind ? die martin hey , you do not need my permission . you be a adult . barely . Point make . she walk down the hall . come to a close door . knock softly . no answer . she open the door and see -- annie hanson be 50 , heavy , and cover in blood . she sit on the edge of she bed , sobbing , mumble , and rock back and forth grip a kitchen knife . cut run up and down she arm . she never notice the open door . Jane do not give she a chance to -- she close the door quickly . Jane stand a moment in the hall -- she be in no way prepare to navigate this world , and she know it . she dread walk to the live room and face Martin , but do it anyway . when she reach the live room , Martin stare hell at she . she have it come . jane I be sorry . there be a knock at the door . Martin open it . it 's cory . the two man stare at each other . do not speak . Martin 's lip tighten . cory give he a sad smile . Martin 's tight lip begin to quiver . cory step back onto the porch . Martin follow he . cory kick the door and we glimpse Martin fold into cory 's arm as it close , shutting we out . through the door , we hear the man heaving enormous sob that seem to shake the house 's flimsy foundation . Ben and Jane stand perfectly still , listen to pain echo against the door like a storm . ext . hanson home -- wind river , wyoming -- later . cory and Martin sit on the porch , look out over the snow - cover sagebrush . cory I would like to tell you it get easier , but it do not . if there 's a comfort -- you get use to the pain if you let yourself ... I go to a grief seminar in casper . do not know why , just ... it hurt so much , I be search for anything that could make it go away ... ( more ) dz . cory ( cont 'd ) that 's what I want this seminar to do -- make it go away . the instructor come up to I after the seminar be over , sit beside I and say , '' I get good news and bad news . bad news be you will never be the same . you 's 1ll never be whole . ever . what be take from you can not be replace . you be daughter 's go . ... now the good news -- as soon as you accept that , as soon as you let yourself suffer , allow yourself to grieve ... you will be able to visit she in you mind , and remember all the joy she give you . all the love she know . right now , you do not even have that , do you ? '' Martin find himself shaking he head ' no’ , even though the question be not direct at he . cory ( cont 'd ) he say , '' that 's what not accept this will rob from you '' . cory look at Martin . cory ( cont 'd ) if you shy from the pain of it , then you rob yourself of every memory of she , my friend . every one . from she first step to she last smile . you 'il kill ‘em all . cory put he hand on Martin 's neck , guide he eye up to he . cory ( cont ’d ) take the pain ... take the pain , Martin . it 's the only way to keep she with you . Martin drop he head into he lap . cory resist the temptation to do the same . the big man stand up , pull a cigarette from he pocket , light it . walk out into the snow . martin I be tired , cory . I be just so tired of fight this life . ds. cory what you do now you do for you son . martin drug be he family now ... he 's go too . live just down the damn road , but ... he 's go . Martin take a long drag . martin ( cont 'd ) I expect they 'il find he 's involved in this somehow . beat . cory he stay with the littlefeather boy , do not he . martin yep ... you be drive this fed around so she do not get lose , that it ? cory that 's what they ask I to do , but that 's not what I be do . martin what be you do ? Martin look back at cory . cory I be a hunter . what do you think I be do ? Martin walk toward the porch , bore he hawk eye into he old friend . martin if you find who do this ... ( his eye burn into cory ) no matter who it be . you understand I ? he do . cory right where they stand . Martin nod . flick he cigarette into the snow . d4 . martin then get off my porch and go do it . cory stand and follow Martin as he head back into he crumble house . int . cory 's pick up -- day . cory follow Jane 's suv , who follow Ben 's squad car ... they move down a empty highway . as they drive , cory look over , see two coyote trot through the snow to he leave . notice a flock of sheep on the horizon ... the sheep form they silly circle as the coyote move closer at a dead run . cory do not slow down and do not look back . he 's not hunt coyote . not today ... ext . SAM littlefeather 's house -- day . the house be the very essence of dilapidation . a old , burgundy minivan that can not possibly run , sit beside a lower toyota tercel in the driveway . hip - hop pulse the window of the flimsy house . cory , Jane , and Ben pull off the road . get out . cory look down -- see snow - fill snowmobile track beside the highway . they disappear abruptly -- as though they levitate . or be load onto a trailer ... cory begin walk through the snow to the back of the house as Jane and Ben head to the front door . Ben draw he pistol . BEN Natalie 's brother life here with Sam and Bart littlefeather and a real piece of work name Frank Walker . hanson 's kid be bad -- but the other be stone evil . watch yourself . jane should we maybe wait for some back - up ? dd . BEN this be not the land of back - up , Jane . this be the land of you be on you own . Jane shake she head and nod at the same time . draw she pistol . Ben pound on the door . they wait for a answer . ext . littlefeather house -- backyard -- cont . cory walk through the snow . he stare at the ground , look for anything that tell a story . notice snowmobile track , almost completely fill in with fresh snow , that run west into the mountain , disappear into the black timber . he stare at the track . mumble to himself . cory who go into the mountain just before a storm ... ext . SAM littlefield 's house -- cont . Jane and Ben still stand outside the door . Ben knock again , hard enough to knock the flimsy door through the frame . the music shut off . foot move toward the door . it open . SAM littlefeather be 20 , tall , and rail thin . his shave head be cover in a raider 's skull cap . his wild eye fuel by three day 's worth of meth . he nod and bounce in place . SAM yeah ? BEN look for chip hanson . he around ? Sam shake he head for a eternity . SAM not here , brah . jane who be you ? SAM who the fuck be you ? do . jane I be the FBI , dickhead . you Sam ? he stare at she a moment . SAM no. BEN be you high right now Sam -- how many time have I arrest you ? he stare he tweak eye at Ben . a flicker of recognition . SAM «+. Chief , wazzup brah . BEN you brother here ? SAM he 's in prison . where you put he . BEN no parole ? look at that , the justice system at work . Sam 's wild eye bore into Ben . SAM remind I , I be suppose to give you this from my p.o. ... hold on , get it in here somewhere , yeah here it be -- he fish a small canister of pepper spray from he coat pocket and empty it into they face . Ben and Jane fall back , cough and rub furiously at they eye . the door close . frantic footstep and yell come from the house as Ben and Jane stumble into the snow , gasp for breath . ext . littlefeather house -- backyard -- cont . cory hear the shouting and cough . Ben yell a warning to he , then -- footstep move through the house toward the back door . cory run toward it , pick up a snow shovel on the way ... he bring the shovel up , plant he foot , and swing like hell as the back door open -- a fat teenager dressed like a gangster run right into the meat of the shovel . he be blow back into the door frame , and into chip hanson , 21 , the boy from the photo on Martin hanson 's wall . chip fall over the fat one , landing hard in the snow face first . he roll over and see : from chip 's Pov -- we be look up at cory -- and he boot -- come toward we . fast . block the sun like a eclipse . slam we back into the snow . ext . littlefeather house -- front door -- cont . Jane force herself to stand , snot and tear run freely down she face . Ben be struggle to stand , fight the liquid cayenne pepper wreak havoc on he sense . he stumble to the ground , vomit and cursing simultaneously . Jane sneeze and spit mucus as she raise she pistol eye - level and enter the house ... int . littlefeather house -- cont . it be dark . no electricity . a small fire burn in a oil drum in the live room -- smoke escape through a hole in the roof . we run behind her , looking over her shoulder . she stumble , sneeze , and trip over the ocean of trash on the floor . notice the open back door and cory , stand over the two teens sprawle in the snow . she motion for he to stay there and move deeper into the house . she hear the sound of shell be feed into a shotgun , hear a round pump into the chamber . she stumble through the ankle-high trash and fall against the wall , announce she presence . she strain to see through she tear . a black blur move into the hallway . she fire round after round in its direction . the muzzle flash of she pistol blind we -- the echo of the round beat into we skull . ringing be all we can hear . do . she stumble further down the hall . see Sam crumpled on the floor -- a shotgun beside he . a bullet have pierce he cheek , another he neck . Goose down protrude from hole in he coat . blood pump from he neck to the rhythm of he die heart . he look up at she -- face fill with surprise and hate . he try to say something , but no sound come . the ringing fade , replaced with janea labored breathing . she lean against the wall . hear Ben kick through the trash behind she . she look back down -- Sam be try to grab the shotgun -- piece of shit to the very last . she reach down , grab the shotgun . step away , still point she pistol at he . BEN the other two 's outside with cory . let 's go . jane he 's alive , Ben . we need to call ems . BEN ems be a hour away . leave he . jane he 's not dead , Ben . Ben walk up to Sam , look down . Sam 's wild , wire eye stare back . he gulp for air once , twice ... there be no third time . BEN like I say . let 's go . they walk out of frame , leave we with Sam 's lifeless body on the floor -- beer can , fast food container , and filthy clothes scattered around he . ext . littlefeather house -- backyard -- cont . when Jane and Ben step out , they see two young man hog-ty with bail wire , face down in the snow . cory lean against a small tool shed , hold he revolver . cory skinny one 's Natalie 's brother . dy . jane who 's the other one ? BEN that 's Frank Walker . ( to Frank ) wo not you daddy be proud ? frank my dad 's in prison , asshole . BEN I know , I put he there . priso n’1l be good for you , Frank . get you on you dad 's exercise plan -- lift weight and sell hand job for cigarettes . slim you right up . you will come out of there look like johnny depp , I bet . jane tell I what happen to you sister , chip . chip what ? what happen to she . BEN do not play dumb . chip about what ? what happen to she ? Jane and Ben look at he . be he a criminal and a drug addict ? yes . be he a liar ? sure . be he lie now -- not a chance . chip ( cont ’d ) what do that cracker do ? no one speak . beat . BEN what cracker ? be she see a white man ? do you know he -- do you know who he be ? jane do you know he name , chip ? chip '' ++. you say be . why do you say be ? ( chip look up at cory ) what happen . why do she say be ? ( more ) ou . chip ( cont 'd ) she just say be -- why do she say be ? cory stand up , walk over to he . kneel close . speak softly as he point toward the mountain . cory because I find she rape and kill right over there , son . that 's why . beat . chip «+. whaaatttt ????? from across the freeze plain , we look at Sam littlefeather 's house -- smoke rise through a hole in the roof . chip 's scream carry across the white desert -- or perhaps it 's the wind howling . in this place they sound the same . ext . littlefeather house -- later . again -- a ambulance and police vehicle . officer mill about out front . chip and Frank sit cuffed in the back of separate car . cory be unload he snowmobile off the trailer . Jane be pull on coverall emblazon with the bia police seal . she walk up to cory , who strap a gun case into a rifle rack on the front of he snowmobile . strap a heavy duffel bag and snowshoe to the back . jane you go . I be go to get chip to lander . see if he will give I a name for this boyfriend . he 's who we need to find . cory this be how we find he . jane no . we go to where he work or where he life , ( point to the mountain ) not out there . cory okay , where 's he live ? where 's he work ? what 's he name . ( more ) cory ( cont 'd ) you think that piece of shit 's gonna tell you ? you keep look for clue , and miss all the sign . you see that ? he point out over the snow . ol . jane I do not -- no . I do not see anything . he shake he head as he pull a pair of binocular from the duffel . cory look there . she take the binocular . look through they . jane where ? he stand behind she , wrap he arm around she , and point out over the snow . cory you see my arm through the binoc ? jane that 's all I can see . cory when I move my hand , look where it be ... you see the track ? a sled track , fill with snow ... look for the shadow in it . jane I think so . cory now look straight out -- at the base of the mountain , you will see it easy there . in the distance , the slight indentation stand out . the track run straight from the house up into the pine tree that cover the mountain . jane yes ... I see it . she look up at he . oz . cory Natalie die over there -- seven mile ( he point north ) . that track lead to the mountain from here -- that 's five mile . he point south to tall drill rig jutting up from the ground . cory ( cont 'd ) there 's West -central 's nearest rig . six mile . someone unload sleds right here and drive way the hell out there , but there 's no track come back -- why be that ? ( cory point at the house ) do that asshole look like they be up for a trek ten mile into the snow ? in what -- that minivan ? the answer be out there . it 's hard to say whether she do not buy what he 's say or just dread go into the mountain . she come clean . jane look ... I have never do this before , okay ? he nod . appreciate the honesty . cory it 's all I have ever do . jane ( reluctantly ) okay . let 's go . cory get on , fire it up . pull a two - way radio from he coverall , clip it to the front . Jane climb on and cory pull around to the back of the house . two officer be lining the house with police tape . Ben step from the house . cory what channel you run ? BEN eleven . cory tune he radio to eleven . os . BEN ( cont 'd ) I want to see you back here by nightfall -- give you three hour at best . cory I will radio if we come across anything . he gun he sled and they shoot off over the snow . ext . wyoming plain -- later . we be flying over the snow -- alarmingly fast . again , Jane find herself paste to cory 's back -- hide from the snow that pelt every expose part of she . the forest loom over we . we be climb now . tree begin whipping past we . cory do not slow down . we be move almost vertically up the mountain -- the engine whine angrily as the snowmobile lurch uphill , digging down into the snow then fire out of it like a rocket . they reach a bench -- a level area that cut into the mountain . cory stop . cut the engine , it be instantly silent . Jane dare to look up and be shocked to find the valley floor a thousand foot below they . cory step off -- pull the stainless steel rifle from its case , and lever a round into the chamber . he speak softly , aware they be both hunter and hunt out here . cory the track move south from here . jane ( whisper ) what be we do ? cory gonna go it on foot for a bit . not what she want to hear . cory pull the snowshoe free , toss a pair to she . of 4 . cory ( cont 'd ) step into ‘em , then ratchet the strap down till they be good and tight . she do . his be already on by the time she 's strapped one foot in . she step into the other . jane now what ? cory follow I . they walk through the soft , deep snow of the mountain . the snowmobile track cut west , away from the valley into even deeper timber . they follow . Jane pants heavily -- she be in snow to she waist . it be grueling work to take even one step , though you would not know it from watch cory , who be pull away from she . she labor forward , look up at a clump of aspen and pine . look back down , unable to see she foot through the snow . when she look up again , the clump of tree silently come to life , the trunk melting into one giant mass that be walk toward the clear . she freeze . it be a bull moose step through the snow , make no sound . it stand almost eight foot tall , and it be look right at she . she feel cory step quietly beside she . jane ( whisper ) what the fuck be that . cory ( quiet ) moose , stay still . he do not want any more trouble than you do . jane I do not want any . cory then you two have something in common . oD. the enormous creature move across the ' road 's and the barely visible track they follow . it be twenty foot from they , and still make no sound . it slink into the tree across the road and be envelop by the forest -- disappear as quickly as it appear . Jane 's try to gasp in a silent breath of much need air . cory can not help but smile . jane yeah , yeah ... come to Florida , sport . we have alligator on we golf course . cory no , thank you . i’1l stick to the world I know . cory start move off . Jane gather she strength and follow . crow can be hear caw . the trail open to a clear , the snow here be so deep , there be no evidence of any track . but at the far end of the clear , a dozen crow gather around a dead something . cory move toward it , trudging through the snow . the crow scream they frustration at have they dinner interrupt . as cory and Jane get closer , they relent and fly to nearby branch . they stare at the dead animal -- flesh the color of a peel apple . they be almost upon it before they realize it be a man . jane oh my God . cory step closer . look at the body , which be stripped naked . the crow have be busy , as have the other animal of the forest , though he face have be mostly spare . he be young and white . jane ( cont 'd ) do you know he ? cory no . Bet I know who he be though ... cory nod . look around . no snowmobile track anywhere . he move into the forest . oo . jane what be you do ? cory stay here . cory push into the timber . look at the ground , where snow be unable to cover as quickly . he scan the harder snow . spot something . move to it . angle on : a snowmobile track -- clear enough to see the tread pattern . cory 's face register surprise . he follow the track a bit . the thicker timber open up to another clear and the track disappear . he look up at the sky -- the sun be fade . look back at Jane -- no chance she be up for or capable of continue this into the night . he turn back . Jane look relieved when he reappear from the forest . jane see anything ? cory the track do not lead from the house . they lead to it . someone stripped this boy , leave he here and drive down to littlefeather 's house , load they sleds on a trailer and head down the highway . Jane have no idea how cory have put this together , but recognize the truth of it . she look down . ashame . have to laugh . jane be there track we can follow ? cory for a bit . they go high where the snow 's deeper . where the track would get cover . she look at he . jane I need to get a team up here that have experience with this area . with crime like this . this be ... cory this be well think out . she look over at the man , half - eat and freeze in the snow . CUT to : ext . littlefeather house -- night . the number of police vehicle have grow . fremont county sheriff vehicle can be see . numerous snowmobile line up , preparing to head out . cory speak with ben. cory we go on foot the last half mile , but we blaze a decent trail through the snow ... i’1l run they back up there if you need . BEN I will talk to the sheriff , he may want you to . Jane walk up to they . BEN ( cont 'd ) the security team at West -central 's rig site have camera around they perimeter . I be gonna head over in the morning , maybe we will get lucky and they catch something on film . jane okay . the two we have in custody say anything ? BEN this be not the talk kind , Jane . this kid -- they expect to go to prison . it 's a rite of passage . Hell , I think they look forward to it . Three hot , a cot , and free cable ? beat be here do nuthing , the way they see it . jane let 's run they DNA against the semen , see what that tell we . cory look over at the police car where chip still sit . os . cory can I talk to he ? jane cory , anything they might tell you would be inadmissable in court , and anything you tell we would render everything that result inadmissable as well . cory what if I talk to he and do not tell you what he say . I just know it . Jane 's cell phone ring . answer . jane agent Banner . yes sir , yes we do . Jane step away . cory look at ben. cory I have know he since he be three . Ben can not say yes . do not want to say no . BEN I gotta canvas the house . the back door be only lock from the inside ... Ben walk off . cory look at the squad car . go to it . int . BEN 's police vehicle -- night . chip sit , shiver . look exhaust . come down , maybe . maybe just tired from cry . cory open the door , sit beside he -- leave one foot outside so he do not lock himself in the car . chip look at he , assume the hard stare of a criminal . cory look at we . chip look at you . I do not do shit . cory all you be do be shit for three year . oy . beat . chip soften . chip «+ . it 's this place . look what it make you do . what it take from we . what it take from you . cory I be not go to sit here and say life 's be fair . to either of we . this land be all we get leave . barely four thousand of we still breathe -- chip what be you -- a fuck quarter arapaho ? only thing indian about you be you ex- wife and a daughter you could not protect . maybe if you would play detective then -- cory slam he head into the front divider before he can finish the sentence . cory you gonna lecture I about protect we people ? hmm ? while you deal the shit that 's kill ‘em ? you know what you be -- you be just a ' hang - around - the - fort 's prairie nigger begging for smallpox blanket you can sell to you friend . that 's what you sell , chief -- the smallpox of you generation . you have every chance to get out if that 's what you want . Army . College . it be you choice . and look what you choose . cory swing open the car door . get out . chip ( small ) I meet he . want to fight he ass . but he just take everything I say . not like a coward . like a man ... she love he ... he work security on a drill site ... one of that guard , that 's where the smallpox come from . cory what 's the boyfriend 's name ? chip Matt something ... cory he the smallpox dealer too ? chip I doubt it . I do not know . cory who do ? chip look up at he . chip Sam know . why do not you ask he ? cory look at the criminal that use to be a boy he know well . cory you will be talk to Sam long before I do , chip . of that I be sure . chip you think this be who I want to be ? I just ... I get so mad , I want to fight the whole world . you know what that feel like ? cory I do . I decide to fight the feel instead . know why ? cory lean back into the car . cory ( cont 'd ) because I know the world would win . cory close the door . see Ben and Jane talk . they look at he as he approach . jane what do I tell you -- do he say anything -- never mind , do not tell we . what do he say ? cory 's eye be steel . BEN what ? cory you be go out to the rig tomorrow morning ? cory look at Jane as he lean into Ben . whisper -- cory ( cont 'd ) Natalie 's boyfriend work there . jane what ? do not tell I -- fuck. BEN hmm ... this thing be solving itself . we will pick he up in the morning and see what he 's get to say . cory we be pick he up now . from three foot of snow -- BEN chip say that ? cory I say that . beat . BEN but you do not know it . I want you with we tomorrow . cory you do not catch a wolf search where he might be ... cory look out over the snowmobile track lead through the snow . shadows fill they slight indentation , and point toward the mountain like a arrow . cory ( cont 'd ) you search where he 's be ... and he 's be here . ext . wilma lambert 's house -- night . cory stand at the door , he breath frosting in front of he . knock softly . know she will never hear that , try a little louder . a light come on . the door open . wilma stand there in a robe . for a instant , she seem worried about how she must look , then remember issue far more grave surround they . cory hi. wilma you okay ? cory I be better . wilma bring everything back , do not it . cory yeah . she shake she head . silence . wilma you and Ben and this little FBI girl form you own posse to go solve it all , I hear . cory I be just try to help . wilma you will not get the answer you be look for . no matter what you find . cory this be not about em -- wilma do not you say she name . her venom bring out he . cory I do not kill she , wilma . wilma yes you do . we both do ... we look away . we let we guard down , and this place snatch she from we . ( more ) wilma ( cont 'd ) we have one chance leave at this , and I for one will not rest a second until he be grow and live very far from here . where it 's never cold and you baby do not -- she fight it back . calm herself . beat . wilma ( cont 'd ) if do this give you some sort of closure , I be happy for you . closure for I will be casey marry and happy with a family of he own . cory then what . wilma «+. good night , cory . she close the door . ext . cory lambert 's house -- night . Jane 's suv pull up as cory haul hay into the corral . he toss it into the trough . walk toward Jane 's suv . she roll down she window . jane Matt rayburn . do you know he ? cory that the man in the snow ? jane his fingerprint be in the database -- he be enrol at the Police Academy in rock Springs . suppose to begin in April . worked as a security officer for a drill station out here . cory you wanna come in ? jane do you mind ? cory come on . he turn and walk to the house . she shut down the suv and follow . int . cory lambert 's house -- a moment later . Jane look around the live room . spot reloading equipment on the dining room table . the silver - color rifle lay on a towel place over the coffee table -- stretch out like a snake . her hand go to she sidearm , check that it 's still there . she see numerous photo of casey , and the mini-shrine on the mantle . look at the girl 's picture . cory ( 0.s. ) I get milk , coffee , and tap water . jane tap water 's fine . thanks . she step closer to the photo . cory ( 0.s. ) that 's my daughter . she turn , catch . cory ( cont 'd ) she pass on three year ago . she figure as much , but feign surprise anyway . jane I be sorry . cory you wanna ask how , do not you . jane I do ... but I will not . beat . cory I be work as a outfitter out of pinedale . there be a big snow , and I find myself with a night off , so I grab a motel room and tell my wife to come up . ( more ) cory ( cont 'd ) just she -- you get precious little romance with two kid and a job that keep you in the mountain half the year ... Emily be sixteen . casey be five . you could trust she ... she be a good girl . we live out on the rez not far from she parent ... should have make ‘em stay with wilma 's folk ... I guess word get out that we be out of town and some school friend come over . then more come over . he look up at Emily 's photo on the mantle . cory ( cont 'd ) then some people come that be not she friend . get together turn into quite a party , and then , I do not know ... he look around like he might sit -- might need something to lean on to continue . decide to tell it where he stand . cory ( cont 'd ) a lot I do not want to know ... it be Natalie that call we the next day . told we Emily be miss . they be best friend , so ... Natalie be worried . she have a right to be ... can not go any further on he foot . he sit on the couch . Jane do not move a inch . cory ( cont 'd ) you try to be so careful , try to plan for everything . Emily be such a good girl , we just ... let we guard down ... you will have kid some day , and let I tell you , Jane : you can not blink . for eighteen - year . not once ... cory swallow the pain . look up at he daughter on the mantle . then to he foot . cory ( cont ’d ) some guy be move he sheep near wind River . he 's the one who find she ... twenty something mile from we house . how she get there ? what happen -- I do not know . ( more ) cory ( cont 'd ) could not find out much from the autopsy cuz the ( he suck in a pain breath ) coyotes have be at she pretty good . he look right at she . cory ( cont ’d ) and I have be kill that son of bitch ever since . Jane try to find something to say -- anything -- but there 's nothing . all she can think to utter be : jane can you point I toward you -- cory yeah , right down the hall . she walk down the hall to the bathroom . close herself in . stare at herself in the mirror -- not a decade older than Natalie be , than Emily would be . splashes water on she face . leans against the counter , relishing a moment without tension , terror , or heartache . steel herself and open the door . she walk out and notice a poem , frame and hang on the wall . she read the head -- a meadow in my perfect world . she read the poem . cory walk up , lean beside she . cory ( cont 'd ) she get accept to a summer program for creative write at Colorado State . that 's what get she in . Jane look at he . jane she write this to you ? and for the first time , there be a crack in the steel . cory I do not know who she write it to . beat . cory ( cont ’d ) I like to think it be I . he disappear into the live room . she follow . stands before he . beat . jane I do not know what the hanson boy tell you , but I do not want to stumble into something like today if I can help it . if he tell you something I need to know ... cory he tell I one of that guard sell ‘em meth . which one ? I do not know . also tell I she boyfriend work security for West -central . cory ( cont 'd ) you could have call for that . jane I want to know why you be help I . what you motivation be . ( Gentle ) now I do . cory smile . cory do not trust I . jane do not trust how good you be at it . she work she way to the door . jane ( cont 'd ) be it possible to not drive the snowmobile eighty - mile a hour tomorrow ? cory sure , if you do not mind landing in a ditch you could have sail over . jane «+. great . she offer he a smile and leave . cory return to the task of make rifle round . place one of the giant bullet on a electronic scale . the read say : 544 grain . he take a file , expertly shave the bullet down . place it back on the scale : 540 grain . perfect . he seat it in the machine , pull the lever , drive the bullet into the case . he hold up the round . Studies it ... this bullet have a home , and cory be close to find it . ext . fremont county sheriff' station -- morning . cory pull into the parking lot , snowmobile in tow . two tribal police vehicle be park by Jane 's suv and a sheriff' pick up truck , two sheriff deputy lean beside it . all hooked to trailer carrying snowmobile . Jane , Ben , two bia police , and two sheriff deputy -- carl and evan , stand in a circle bounce in place , fight off the cold , they breath rise from they mouth like smoke . cory step out . walk to they . BEN it 's a cold one today . cory barely notice . cory below zero , I bet . BEN six below . ( point to the mountain ) colder out there . cory study he . cory you be shaking worse than she . look at Jane , that 's debatable . Evan walk up to cory . evan what be you do here , bud ? cory in case you wander off , I be here to track you down . Evan laugh . BEN we hear from a reliable source one of West -central 's security officer may be supplying meth on the rez , we do not know which one -- carl the nervous one . they all chuckle . BEN eye peel be the point . everyone ready ? they move to they car . Jane look at cory . jane if you find anything , radio we . cory I will . you do the same . she offer he a smile . it be not return -- he be a hunter today , no room for anything else ... everyone move to they vehicle as the sun crest the mountain , kissing the land that surround they . ext . highway 789 -- day . the procession move down the empty highway . we move above they -- pulling away . the land be white in every direction . we pull higher , until the mountain come into view , the car mere specs below US . another angle --— sitting low beside the highway , frostbitten sagebrush blow in and out of view -- we hear the vehicle approach . rubber attack road . whine . humming . louder . nothing ever sound less natural ... the vehicle race past we in a blur , snow swirl in they wake . ou . ext . highway -- cont . cory pull surround snowmobile highway . he put on road fade over in front of Sam littlefeather 's place , now in yellow police tape . he begin unstrap he as the other vehicle push farther down the he white camo as the whine of rubber on freeze into the distance . ext . highway 789 -- day . we pull over . stop . everyone get out . in the dis mile away snowmobile be starte she look she climb he rise oj sit on th tance , drill rig and trailer can be see . though , they stand out like blister in this white world . 's be unload and mount . engine scream as they die Ben fire he snowmobile , look back at Jane . BEN get on . at he . jane get really tired of this thing . BEN oh , come on . you be a Florida girl , right ? just like that jet-skis , be not it ? on behind he . BEN ( cont 'd ) if there be a easier way to travel snow , we would be do it . jane let 's get it over with . ( look at she bare hand ) shit. forget to bring glove ... you mind ? ut of the seat . she place she hand down and he they . smile . BEN see ? all sort of perk to this deal . ol . jane «+. yeah . she try not to , but can not help smile either . all six snowmobile take off toward the rig , blow smoke and spitting snow . ext . -- west -central drill station , twenty -two -- day . a dozen drill rise from the earth . enormous galvanize piping undulate above and below the snow , like a steel serpent . telephone pole have be sink every thirty foot . wire criss - cross from they . surveillance cameras be mount to each . four mobile home be line one after the other away from we . two giant , cylinder tank sit to we leave . Beyond they be a larger mobile structure -- all wire lead here . a man on a snowmobile approach US . as he get closer , we can see he wear a navy parka with a badge on the right chest pocket . he stop . his name be curtis . 40 's , burly but clean cut , professional and very friendly . he have a large bruise on he cheek . curtis good morning . can I help you ? BEN Matt rayburn work here ? curtis yeah , do you know where he be ? BEN ... Bout to ask you the same question . curtis he have a fight with he girlfriend a few day ago , she run off and he go after she . we have not see he since . jane when be that ? ol . curtis Three day ago . heck , we do not know what to do -- wait to hear back from corporate about whether to write up he termination papers or call you guy . Jane and Ben look at curtis who seem genuinely concerned . another snowmobile pull up carry another security officer . he step up -- we can not help but notice the scratch that run down he face . security officer everything okay ? curtis they be here about Matt -- security officer you find he -- be he okay ? jane what happen to you guy ? security officer what 's that ? jane pretty tear up . curtis hit a pine branch do sixty and see what happen to you . security officer we run the property line twice daily . come with the territory . BEN you should try a face shield . curtis oh , I request helmet . my supervisor say , '' but snow 's soft , be not it ? '' corporate 's in Texas , what can I tell you . everyone have a chuckle at that . evan Matt bunk here on the property ? curtis yep , we all do . os . evan can we see where he stay ? beat . curtis sure. ( stepping off he snowmobile ) I ’1l1 walk you up . Jane look over the two security guard -- well dress , web belt with pistol , flashlight , hand cuff . and beat to shit . they seem professional and courteous . she strain to pick out the bad apple . two more security officer walk up through the snow . she look they over as well , all of they face tear and bruise . the entire group begin move off toward the trailer ... ext . mountain -- day . cory work he snowmobile through terrain not mean for machine -- he take it almost vertically up the side of a mountain . we move past the area where Matt 's body be find , surround by police tape . he drive past , look for track . there be none . continue east , over white powder . judge from the snow , he be the first live thing to traverse this land since the storm . then he stop . look down -- lion track . he shut down the engine . step off . he pull he silver - color bear killer from its case and follow the track around a bend . he walk across what look to be a endless plain of white surround by dark pine task with contain it . he come to a rock outcropping that create something rarely view during winter in Wyoming -- a area with no snow . the carcass of a deer , almost completely devoure , lay in front of it . he raise he rifle , move toward the shallow cave . of 4 . he stop . listen . hear shallow breathe . cock the hammer , step closer . stare at the black hole nature cut into the side of the mountain . pull a flashlight from he pocket , point it toward the cavern -- three sets of red eye stare back . he lower the light a bit -- a mountain lion and her two cub stare back . cory this be the end of the road for you . he press he face to the stock . notice something ... mud , spraye along the cavern wall . he step closer , rifle still at the ready . look at the mud spray , then look down . he walk toward the cavern . the big cat curl she back as cory kneel down , not ten foot from she . we follow he eye to : a snowmobile track CUT into the mud . he stand up , look out from the track and see a slight indentation in the snow , lead down the mountain . he follow it . cory walk to a clear , pull he binoculars to he face . through binoculars we see : tracks , barely visible , lead down the mountain to the open plain . toward a large , drill rig station . he glass the station -- Jane , Ben , and the officer walk alongside the security guard . cory ( cont 'd ) oh no . cory shake he head -- know what they do not , turn back . find himself in front of the lion hole . look in and talk , loud . cory ( cont 'd ) you be one lucky bitch it 's today I find you . oD. the lion respond with a panicked hiss , she kit huddle beside she . cory turn and push down the hill through the snow . ext . west -central drill station -- cont . Jane , Ben , and the officer trudge through the snow with curtis beside they . we notice that the other security officer have lag back , and be now walk behind they . curtis so , do something happen ? do you know where he be ? Jane study he . as genuine as he seem , she do not want to play she card , not yet . jane that 's what we be try to find out . his girlfriend file a miss person 's report . curtis how can that be , I think you guy find she in a snowdrift right before the storm . she turn to stone . jane Excuse I ? curtis I hear it go out over the radio when you guy find she . Jane stare at he . jane I do not remember she name be use over the radio . beat . curtis then maybe you be not listen -- evan ( 0.s. ) what the fuck be you do ? Jane turn to find Evan with he hand on he pistol . oo . security officer what ? evan why be you flanking I ? security officer what be you talk about -- evan fuck do you think I be talk about -- you get we on three side , dickhead . and so they do -- the security team have effectively surround the police . security officer get you hand off that weapon , this be private property -- Evan unsnap he holster and pull he pistol free . security officer ( cont ’d ) whoa !! easy man . Evan train he weapon on the security guard as everyone be hand go to they weapon ... security officer ( cont ’d ) what be you do ?? put it down . BEN Evan . evan turn away from I and drop to you knee ! security officer fuck you , this be a bia lease on reservation land , asshole -- you be break the law by be here -- jane hey ! curtis this be lease land on a reservation -- you have no authority , deputy -- evan you think I do not know what you be do ? curtis step back , hand on he pistol . one of the security guard hold a mossberg 590 shotgun tuck to he shoulder , barrel inching up from the snow toward the officer . emotion be overtake reason . a security guard stand mere foot from a bia officer , both of they hand grip pistol . security officer 2 fucking do it asshole , pull you weapon and see what happens -- bia officer hoka hey white boy , let 's go — -— Jane lock eye with curtis , who grip he pistol as well . her hand move to she waistband . a security guard unsnap he holster ... curtis deputy -- you have no authority , you be in violation of Federal law , lower you weapon -- evan fuck you ! you 're putting US ina crossfire -- Ben , the tribal officer -- hell , all of they -- have they hand on they weapon , step back , seek a clear shoot lane . Evan point he pistol wildly from one security guard to the next -- the security guard with the shotgun point it at Evan , then call to curtis for guidance -- security officer what do I do ?? curtis hold you ground !! County sheriff have no authority here , tell he to holster he weapon -- Jane realize this misunderstanding be second from disaster . jane ( too small to be hear ) I 'ma federal officer -- oo . the man scream and dance in place , hand on they weapon -- it 's a mad ballet of aggression and confusion . BEN okay everybody easy -— Jane draw in a deep breath , then explode above the chaos . jane FBI !!!! this be federal land and I am the authority here . right now , all of you . stand down . everyone stand with they foot plant wide in the snow , hand on they weapon -- it 's minus twelve - degree and they be sweat through they coat . jane ( cont 'd ) okay . everyone . slow down . we be all work toward the same goal ... everyone back down and move you hand from you weapon ... slowly . look -- Jane demonstrate , remove she hand from she pistol and hold it up . like molass , base they speed off the speed of the man across from they , all hand move away from weapon . curtis keep this asshole in check . we be just do we job , lady -- evan when we show up you job 's over asshole -- BEN evan . carl every one of you step to you leave -- evan no one behind we , you understand ? curtis you get it . ( to he man ) guy , step my way . the security guard all move leave , even with the police . oy . curtis ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's all just take a deep breath . Jane look back at Evan , still swinging he pistol between target . jane Evan ... deputy . holster you weapon . Evan look at she , amaze . evan you do not see it ?? jane right now , or you be under arrest , you understand I ? Evan look over the man as he lower he pistol . evan ( defeat ) you do not see it . Jane look over the officer . the security detail . know someone must take control before they all kill each other . she turn on curtis , and make a even bigger show of lay into he . jane make no mistake who 's run thing here . I do not give a shit what billionaire own this dump -- I be the biggest dog on the porch and when I say jump , you do not ask how high -- you just start fuck hopping . you get I ? beat . curtis yes mar ’am . jane take we to Matt 's trailer . now . curtis okay . he start walk . the whole tense lot of they follow . yu. ext . mountain near drill station twenty -two -- day . cory have drop down from the mountain . stop he snowmobile . look through binocular at the camp . see the tension - fill mass amble toward the last trailer in the camp . cory pull he two - way radio from he coat . cory ( into the radio ) Ben ... Ben , you copy ? he 's a little more than a mile away . he take the rifle from he shoulder and step off the snowmobile . begins racing toward the camp ... ext . matt 's trailer -- west -central station -- cont . everyone stop before the trailer . no one trust anyone . curtis this be he trailer . BEN do he bunk with anybody ? curtis yeah ... I and Pete micken . cory 's voice filter through Ben 's radio . he step away as he speak into it . jane be Pete in there now ? curtis he 's sleep . he have night shift . beat . Jane step up on the aluminum step that rise to the door . she knock , then step down . int . matt 's trailer -- west -central station -- cont . we be in the trailer 's bathroom . steam from the shower have clouded the mirror . we hear knock . push open the bathroom door . we move through the trailer , through the kitchen , and toward the front door . a hand reach for the door latch . turn it . yae the hand pull it open ... we be in a flashback -- we look out and see , stand outside the trailer : natalie hanson , dressed in white sweat pant and a baby -blue coat . her beautiful face smile back at we . from her Pov we see -- Matt rayburn , 26 , handsome , wear only a towel . matt can I help you ? natalie yes , I be look for my knight in shine armor . I believe this be he trailer . he smile . matt I be a bit short on armor at the moment . she snap she foot out of a pair of snowshoe , climb up the stair , and wrap she arm around he . natalie I do not mind . matt I do not hear you carriage outside . natalie yes , well ... my carriage want to catch the eight o'clock show in lander , so she drop I off at the turn -out . he drop out of character for a moment . matt you walk that far in the snow ? she lean into he . natalie you be worth it . yle he kiss she . pull she inside and slam the door close . int . matt 's trailer -- bedroom -- later . Matt trace he finger over she breast . she stare up at he as if nothing else on earth exist . his hand slip out of frame . she crane she head back -- love the way he touch she . she close she eye . matt ( Soft ) no. look at I . she do . he roll on top of she . she fight to keep she eye open as he enter she . natalie tell I how you will take I away from here ... he gently thrust into she . she moan . matt a little house ... a little porch where we sit ... he move back , then push gently into she again . matt ( cont 'd ) I tell you about my day and you tell I what I forget to buy at the store -- she laugh . which make she contract , which make she moan . natalie and you love I , still . matt I do . we push in closer . closer . they body become one -- he gently move inside she , and the pleasure of it -- the love that drive it , push a tear from she eye . we follow it down she cheek and watch it creep behind she . int . matt 's trailer -- bedroom -- later . Natalie rest she head on he chest . they stare at the ceiling . ys . matt two more month of this place ... ( he look at she ) , four month at the Academy ... natalie then cheyenne . matt then cheyenne . beat . natalie six month be so long ... matt it ’'ll go by in no time . she look at he . natalie time 's like everything else on the rez in winter ... frozen . it 'il be a eternity . she lay she head against he . natalie ( cont 'd ) do not forget I , when you be there , please ? his hand find she cheek . matt Natalie ... that 's silly . natalie no ... that 's what happen once people make it out of here . they do not ever look back . we hear the sound of snowmobile . they pull close . we hear drunken laughter . Lonely man violate the night with they noise . Matt 's face cloud . matt shit . the vulture have return . put something on , babe . ya . she hear the sound of drunken man outside the trailer . she stand , naked , and step into she sweat pants . grab she coat . put it over she naked torso . natalie where 's my shirt ? we hear the trailer door fly OPEN . matt ( whisper ) just get back in bed , they be gonna bust in here , you know it . she climb back in bed . they listen to the drunk man stumble through the trailer , laugh . voice smell like sex in here ! we hear stumbling toward the canvas door -- fashioned like a accordion -- that separate they from the rest of the trailer . matt guy ... come on . leave we alone , okay ? the accordion door be throw open . pete micken , 30' , skinny , dark eye , stare drunkenly at they . behind he we see curtis . pete what be you two do ? matt come on . Pete stumble in and sit on the edge of the bed . bloodshot eye . Big smile . look at Natalie . pete hello there . natalie .-. hi , Pete . he look at she form under the sheet . pete wonder what you get on under that sheet . the trailer door open . we hear more man enter . yo . natalie a fluffy , down coat . not very sexy . pete fluffy sound good to I . Matt sit up . Pete look at he bare torso . matt pete. come on . go to you room . pete you naked , Matt ? what have you guy be do ? matt get out of here !!! pete whooooo ... curtis laugh . we see shadow move behind he . two more men peer in . security officer well , well , well . what have we here ? Natalie be start to get nervous . Matt be start to get piss . pete come on . let I have a little peak . he move to lift the sheet and Matt slap he hand . Pete do it again and Matt slap it again . to Pete , this be rapidly become a game . he hold up he hand , gesture surrender , then yank the sheet hard , pull it down below Natalie 's waist . we see flash of she skin . Matt reach over and grab at the sheet as Natalie roll away from Pete , pull the coat close . her ass hang half - out of she sweat . the gawk man see it before Matt win control of the sheet . the look on the man 's face turn from humor to hunger in a instant . natalie stop it ! please . yo . pete do not bullshit I girl , you be stick you little ass out like a flag -- Matt 's fist slam into he chin , knock he backwards . matt get the fuck out . curtis laugh . Pete do not . curtis Pete , let 's go . he do not want to share . pete oh , I can see that ... we look into Pete 's cold eye . pete ( cont ’d ) but share be what friend do -- Pete launch himself over Natalie and punch Matt in the face . do not stop with one . a fight break out on the bed -- right on top of Natalie -- who scream and struggle to get free . Pete have the leverage , punch furiously . Natalie grab Pete by he hair and pull back . hard . curtis and the other cheer and laugh . Matt slam he fist into Pete 's jaw with such force he knock both Pete and Natalie off the bed . Natalie 's coat fly open -- expose she breast to the man that loom over she . Matt rise and punch , wild . rock curtis with a shot , who yell and hit back . it be quickly escalate to a point of no return . curtis hey !!! matt why do not you stop he -- curtis Pete 's just fuck around -- security officer you be act like a pussy over this prairie nigger -- and that 's all the insult Natalie can take , she punch and scratch furiously at the security guard . natalie fuck you !!! curtis shove she back -- he hand touch bare skin . grab she breast as she rake he with she nail . Pete , still on the ground , reach up and pull she sweat to she ankle , yanking she to the ground . Matt kick Pete in the jaw , knock he unconscious . he throw a punch over Natalie , hit curtis in the face -- the other two security guard race in , beat Matt with they flashlight . they punch and kick and pound -- in a drunken , feral , orgy of no reason . we drop down to natalie -- feet stomping her , over her , all around her , as she struggle to stand . we hear metal meeting bone . Matt fall down to we eye level , a enormous gash in he forehead . eye look at she , but no recognition in they . Natalie scream , try to fight through this forest of man 's leg -- she look up and see curtis 's flashlight slamm down toward she . the world go dark . like a slow strobe , image pulse through the black -- we come to for a moment , look up . see the ceiling of the trailer . the world go dark , then pulse into -- pete 's bony ass move back and forth , thrust . Tan leg on either side of he , spread wide . the world go dark , then pulse into -- cheap carpet . so close , we can follow the weave of the thread . the world go dark , then pulse into ... natalie 's face , pressed into the carpet . yo . curtis 's face lower into frame -- ecstasy etched across it . curtis be ripped out of frame . in a daze , Natalie roll over . look up . Matt blast past we - - slamm curtis into the wall , shaking the entire trailer with the impact . men leap over US . Natalie crawl out of the room , pull she sweatpant up as she go . she crawl through the kitchen area -- chaos leak from the room behind she . she find she foot . use they . she stumble toward the door , dizzy . struggle to zip she coat -- look back to the bedroom and the man that tear she love apart . she move toward the trailer door , reach for the handle ... back to present --— ext . matt 's trailer -- west -central station -- day . Jane climb up the step and knock again . jane FBI . OPEN up . beat . jane ( cont 'd ) ( to curtis ) you sure someone 's in there ? curtis pete . it 's curtis . FBI be stand in front of the door . OPEN up . BEN ( 0.s. ) jane ! ! she turn and see Ben run toward she . BEN ( cont 'd ) step away from the -- a shotgun blast through the door -- blow Jane off the step . BEN fire he pistol at the door as he run toward her . yy . at once , everyone pull pistol and fire into each other -- from ten foot away . Pete swing the trailer door open , pump shell through the shotgun -- spraying the police officer . Ben fire round into he chest , knock he back . deputy fall , security guard fall -- at ten foot apart , no one be spare . angle on -- Jane , on she back -- desperate to draw a breath . she emit a airless moan , then frantically attempt to suck in air . buckshot have tear into she neck and face , and blow she coat and vest to shred . blood cover she neck like a bib ... time slow ... so desperate to breathe , she body convulse -- pull she upward like a sit -up , then blast she back into the snow -- force air into she lung . she blink . feel she sense return . look at Ben , fire round above she . Shell casing rain down on she . she watch bullet slam into BEN 's bullet proof vest -- thrust he out of frame . she breathes in again -- suck in strength -- and adrenaline overtake she . she turn on she side , fire into a man 's leg . he scream and fall . he look directly at she and she send a round into he forehead , roll he over , dead . -- a ar-15 assault rifle pop out the trailer 's kitchen window , spraying round on the police -- they rip through Ben and pound Jane in she shoulder and through she vest . the round tear through the officer , cut they to the ground . the fight be over as quickly as it start . Men lay writhe on the ground . of the dozen man in the fight , only curtis still stand . a security officer pull himself from the snow , blood pulsing from numerous wound . he look over the body of the officer . see Evan , whose leg have be tatter . Evan struggle to rise , even though he leg be almost amputate by the round that cut through he . luu . the security guard stumble toward Evan , who raise he pistol at the man who now stand over he . evan let 's go -- they both FIRE , send round after round into each other . a bullet find Evan 's head , unplugge he . the security officer fall back , then sit in the snow in a bloody daze . right next to the man he just kill . he place a hand on Evan 's dead chest and pat he with a absent affection . curtis pete ??? Jane look up at the blue sky . so tired .... she look across the snow -- it be paint red . she look to she right -- Ben 's lifeless eye stare back . Beyond he , all the man she come with . Dead . she hear movement . talk . curtis ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you okay ? security officer 2 ( 0.s. ) I be hit . curtis ( 0.s. ) who be not ? ( yell to the trailer ) Pete -- you good ? angle on : pete , draw in large gulp of air , bullet have tear through he shirt and flatten against he kevlar vest . pete we be good . how many we get down ? curtis ( 0.s. ) two that will not get up . security officer 2 no ... I be get up . but he make no attempt to do so . lule curtis walk to a bia officer who struggle to turn over . when he do , it 's only to see curtis fire a round into he forehead . curtis turn . see Jane look at he . start walk toward she . she breathes heavy -- here it come . she try to raise she pistol . his foot prevent she . curtis my God , the woman out here be spunky . he raise he pistol . something catch he eye . he look up . see something . he squint -- it appear the snow itself be stand to face he . the muzzle flash from cory 's rifle shoot five - foot out the barrel . the bullet punch a hole in curtis 's chest we can almost see through . punch a hole through the trailer behind he . curtis be throw back into the trailer , dead before he leave he foot . Jane roll over and crawl underneath the trailer . the one security guard who still stand look out over the plain . see nothing . security officer you see where that come from ? pete ( shout from the trailer ) no ! the security officer strain to see . look to he friend , bleed in the snow . security officer can you stand up ? security officer 2 I do not know . security officer well , you better figure it out , cuz we be not do . the wounded man struggle to he foot . dizzy . he look out over the plain . turn back and see -- cory , stand fifty yard from he . luz . the security guard do not even have the presence of mind to raise he pistol , just point he finger in cory 's direction . cory have fire and eject the second round before the first one hit the ground . both man be throw backward into the snow . the man in the trailer return fire , but cory be go . int . matt 's trailer -- west -central station -- cont . Pete and a security officer peer out through the window . security officer 3 where be he ? pete I do not know . security officer 3 he go behind trailer three -- pete curtis ! Mike ! curtis ! security officer 3 ( drawing calming breath ) okay , okay ... cory 's bullet punch through the trailer , through the sink , through the security guard and through the wall behind he , knock a six inch hole that bleed light into the room . the man be pull backward in the bullet 's wake , fall flat on the floor . Pete drop to the floor , crawl to the bedroom . he climb over the bed and kick out the window . climb out . angle on : jane . under the trailer . she empty she gun at Pete as he run . they punch into he kevlar vest , and knock he to the ground . he stand immediately and continue run . she roll on she back , shiver . cory kneel down -- offer she a hand . she take it . pull she out . lus. cory how bad be you hit ? jane ( through chatter tooth ) I do not know . cory help she to she foot . cory I gotta get you in this trailer . he lift she up , and carry she inside . int . matt 's trailer -- west -central station -- cont . cory set she on a couch . head to the bedroom , return with the bedding . wrap it around she shoulder . cory I need to have a look . she nod and he unzip the coverall , run he hand inside . pull it out , look at it -- no blood . run he hand along she side , she belly , feel something warm . look at he hand -- blood , but not a alarming amount . cory ( cont 'd ) I think a few round get through , but only in piece . you be not bleed too bad . he look at she neck , this wound be more severe . cory ( cont 'd ) this one be not great . he take some of the sheet . press it against the wound . cory ( cont 'd ) hold that there . she do . she look at he . jane give I you radio . ( he do not ) my best chance be a helicopter fly I out of here , you do not have one of that , do you ? cory no. lua . jane give I you radio . ( he do ) go get he . cory I will not bring he back , Jane . you need to know that . beat . jane I do . go get he . she give the tiniest of nod . he stand up and walk out . ext . wind river mountain -- day . we run through the snow . we stumble . breathe heavy . stand up and continue . we hear the whine of a engine in the distance . it echoe through the tree -- no way to know where it come from . we look at pete , stand in the snow , tree all around he . he turn in every direction , try to pinpoint the sound of the machine echoing through the mountain . the sound stop . the forest be silent . Pete pull a pistol from its holster , and continue march through the freeze forest . he freeze . hear something -- a gnaw sound . he turn . a porcupine be climbing a naked aspen tree . it chew the bark . stops. look at Pete -- like any animal , the porcupine can sense the hunt . can smell the fear . the porcupine 's button eye show no sympathy -- better you than I . when Pete turn he find cory stand in front of he . Pete scream like a startle child . the butt of cory 's rifle slam into Pete 's chin , knock he backward . ext . gannet peak -- wind river mountain -- day . the sun sit low in the western sky . we be well above the treeline . ragged mountain cut the skyline in every direction . lud . Pete lay in the snow , blindfolded . hand bound . the blindfold be rip off . his hand cut free . cory stand over he . cory know where you be ? pete «+. no . Pete shiver in the snow , he breath crystallize the instant it 's exhale . cory that 's gannet peak . highest mountain in Wyoming . we look around . deep in the land of nothing . only bitter cold . cory ( cont ’d ) on the hot day in August there 's a foot of snow . today ... cory look at he . cory ( cont 'd ) it 's too cold to snow . pete okay ... okay ... let 's just -- let 's talk for a minute . cory alright . Pete 's tooth chatter -- he look down at he foot -- no shoe . pete wha -- what the fuck !? ( sob ) -- what the , what -- cory I give you a minute and this be how you spend it -- cussing and cry ? pete listen , okay ... I have make mistake . I have ... I have ... luo. cory what . what do you do . I be not a policeman -- tell I the truth and I will give you a chance . pete alright . just ... you know what it 's like ? stuck out in this freeze hell -- nothing to do ? no nothing . no woman , no fun ? just fuck ... snow and silence . cory my people have be stick in this shit for a century . snow and silence be the only thing that have not be take from we ... you take from we too , do not you ? pete I do not -- how do I -- cory you have a little taste , do you ? get lonely ... get drunk ? beat . cory ( cont ’d ) then what do you get ? Pete can barely speak , he be shiver so hard . cory ( cont ’d ) if you do it , be a man and say it . say ' I rape she 's . pete ... I rape she . cory nod . cory now say , ‘her boyfriend try to stop I , and we beat he to death . 's he nod . cory ( cont ’d ) nod will not cut it . not today . say it . pete we-we -we d-d - we beat he . lu /. cory Fair enough . cory stand . grab he rifle . sling it over he shoulder . cory ( cont 'd ) let 's go . pete wha -- wha -- where . cory you get the same chance she get . pete what do she -- what do she get ? cory stand up big boy . I be a man of my word . if you can make it to the highway , you be a free man . Pete stand up . look around -- they be so deep in the mountain , so high up , the valley be not even visible . pete where -- where 's the highway ? he look at cory , eye wide . cory you know how far it be from that drill camp to where Natalie be find -- almost six mile . barefoot . that 's a warrior . ( look the freezing man over ) I doubt you will make it six hundred foot . still , we should make this fair ... cory walk up pull a large hunt knife from its sheath and slice Pete 's parka open down the middle . cory ( cont 'd ) there we go . pete I do not understand . what do you want I to do ? cory step close to he . cory I want you to run . luo . cory place the muzzle of he rifle beside Pete 's ear . pull the trigger . the gun be so loud , we expect the mountain to collapse . instead , it be only Pete 's eardrum that erupt . Pete scream as blood funnel out of it . he cover he ear and run like he life depend on it -- which it do . cory pull a ski mask over he face , climb on he snowmobile and go after he . Pete run -- bare foot slamm into snow . he scream , look for a way down the steep mountain , see none . look back , cory be right behind he . he run faster , arm fling wildly . suddenly , half of he disappear -- the snow be so deep it cover he to he waist . Pete look back at cory , who fire a round right over he head . he shriek in terror and push further into the snow . he breathes harder , deeper . as he exhales , a thin mist of blood spew out . cory slow down , let 's Pete get distance , give he hope . we watch pete fade into the mountain -- the man become a speck in a world of white . Pete fumble , weak -- blood be freeze to the side of he face . cory stop . watch he . second ache by . see he slow down , stumble , then fall . he do not get up . angle on : Pete lay in the snow , cough -- gasp -- freezing from the inside out . he roll on he back . the sky be so close , he can almost reach out and touch it . he reach he arm up , stretch . stays like this . no breath . no movement . he be go . cory turn the snowmobile east and begin the long ride home . int . fremont county hospital -- night . Jane lay in a hospital bed , iv tube run to and from she . luy . she stare at the ceiling , too tired to cry but know it 's come . she feel a presence . look to the door . cory stand there . cory you make it . jane so do you . cory I bet this be not how they sell that bulletproof vest in the brochure , be it ? she chuckle , and pain run through she body . jane do not make I laugh . cory should not joke . it save you life . jane you save my life . cory you be a tough girl , Jane . you save you own life . jane let 's be honest , I just get lucky . he sit beside she . cory luck do not live out here . luck life in the city . whether someone run the stoplight , whether you bank 's the one that get rob , whether someone 's dial they cellphone when they come to a crosswalk ... luck be win or lose . out here , you survive or you surrender . that 's determine by you strength . you spirit . wolf do not kill unlucky deer , they kill weak one . he lean forward . cory ( cont 'd ) you fight for you life . and now you get to leave with it . liv. he sit back . stretch he leg out , get comfortable . she realize why he 's here -- and it be not to make sure she 's alright . it 's to watch over she until she 's able to watch over herself . he reach into a stack of magazine , grab one . flip through it . jane I know what you be do . but she do not object . cory I will read something to you ... '' how to know if he 's into you -- ten sign . number one : he look you in the eye when he speak . '' you be suppose to do that anyway , be not you . I do not think that one 's reliable ... she can not help but laugh , can not help but be move by the gesture . but laughter bring pain , and thought of the day and all she see ... all she endure . laughter turn to tear . she fight they at first , but cory 's hand find hers . squeeze , unleash all she 's fight to contain . she cry like it 's she first time to do so , purging the demon that ravage she mind and heart . he be neither uncomfortable nor surprised . he know she need this . we watch she sob as he stretch over the hospital bed , caress she batter hand . ext . bull lake -- wind river indian reservation -- day . we look out over a freeze lake . Dead center of it be a small , bright green ice fishing hut . a snowmobile park beside it . we push toward it . int . ice fishing hut -- cont . cory and casey sit on little stool , hold fishing pole . they line disappear into a 12 inch hole cut into the ice . they stare at the hole . cory you want you sandwich ? dite casey no. beat . casey ( cont 'd ) can I have some of you coffee ? cory no . they say it 'il stunt you growth . casey ... what 's that mean ? cory it will make you short . beat . casey I be already short . cory not as short as you will be if you drink coffee . beat. casey do you like ice fishing ? cory not really . beat . casey I neither . cory wanna do something else ? casey think about that . casey Nah ... do not matter what we do , so long as we be do it , you know what I mean ? cory look at he . cory I do . Liz . casey smile then look down to the hole in the ice , never know what that word mean to he father . but , if he be to look up and into he eye -- as we do now -- he would begin to understand . ext . bull lake -- wind river indian reservation -- cont . we pull away from the hut . as we back away , the white world dominate we view in every direction . we rise . High above the lake , watch the green hut shrink -- the only thing in this place that dare to defy the color of winter . the end .