wind chill written by Joseph gangemi &amp ; Steven katz 1 int . university lecture hall - day 1 a girl face fill the screen , twenty - one year old , pensive , pretty . camera linger on she in close up , notice detail : hair wear stylishly messy , no makeup , double - pierce ear ( though no earring today ) , the corner of she bottom lip a little fray where she 's be chew it ruminatively . she 's the kind of beauty who can withstand such bad lighting : institutional lighting , florescent humming overhead , join the chorus of ambient noise : a cough , papers rustling , the scribble of a pen , someone shifting in they chair , etc . the shot linger until it become uncomfortable , invasive , scrutinize this unhappy girl in a unguard moment , then - a new sound break she reverie , a mute buz o.s. , and she eye cut down to - her cellphone skitter sideways across the close cover of she blue final exam book , like a bug . she have a incoming text message . widen to reveal : 2 int . university lecture hall - establishing - day 2 we girl be just one of two hundred other student fill a big auditorium - style lecture hall . around she , classmate sit grim -face , scribbling to beat the clock . back to : our girl trap the buzzing cellphone before it skitter right off the edge of the half - desk , look at the display . insert cellphone display - u do ?! back to scene we girl lean back a little in she seat , give a little nod to she friend seat across the lecture hall . type a reply . insert cellphone display - ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 2. 2 continued : 2 yes intercut : cell phone display / our girl she look down as she friend text - message : how be u get home ? type . bus she send the message , a moment later the reply appear : sux 4 U she glance up , see she friend shoot she a sympathetic look . proctor ( o.s. ) that 's it , people ! wrap it up ! there 's a collective groan and the sound of two hundred panicked ass twist in they seat . we girl feel she phone buzz , look down to see a final text message from she friend : y do not u check the ride board ? a slow smile light up she face at the idea , as all around she student rise and begin stampede out . proctor ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) ( shouting to be hear ) test result will be post on the philosophy Department 's web site in two week ... enjoy you break and have a happy New Year . she gather she thing , begin to make she way down the stair when - girl hey ! - she 's jostle from behind by a classmate bolt past she . she hand in she exam book , wave to she friend , and exit . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 3. 3 ext . new england university - various shot - day 3 campus be a ghost town , most student have already leave for the holiday : the dorm abandon , the library stack empty , the lab silent , the dine hall eerie . we girl hurry across the desert college green dot with little hillock of snow from a earlier storm . she pass a forlorn pine tree decorate with christmas light , on she way to ... 4 ext . university - quad - day 4 she arrive at a large , partially - enclose kiosk cover with dozen of student - make notice , print in a rainbow of eye - catch computer font and color . a sign at the top read : ride board . she scan the post notice . one catch she eye : tear hastily from a spiral notebook , on which be scrawle a handwritten message : ne1 need a ride 2 delaware 12/23 ? call 607-154-9835 a gust of wind riffle the notice . title card on black : december 23 , 3:12 p.m. 5 ext . university - student parking lot - day 5 we girl wheel she suitcase across a largely - empty parking lot . it 's late afternoon , and already dark enough for the sodium vapor streetlight to have come on . a few snowflake swirl in they sickbe glow . we follow she to ... a beat - to-shit 1988 oldsmobile idling in the middle of the lot . a unbroken dusting of snow indicate it 's be the only vehicle here for some time . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 4 . 5 continued : 5 a underclassman guy , 19 , be asleep behind the wheel of the oldsmobile . he 's skinny , dress in thrift - shop clothes , have the complexion of someone who do not get out in the sun much . his car be fill with all of he earthly possession : book , CD 's in plastic milk crate , dirty laundry , etc . she knock on the driver 's side window , startling he awake . he stir , blink uncomprehendingly at the empty parking lot . girl do you think you could have park any further from the entrance ? the sight of she quickly snap he awake . he scramble out . guy ( still a little groggy ) there be still car when I get here . I think we be go to get a early start to stay ahead of the snow ? girl what time be it ? guy Quarter past three . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 5 . 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 girl I be two hour late ?! shit. sorry . you should have just leave without I . that 's what I would have do . hurry up and pop the trunk so I can stow my shit . he do . she walk back to the trunk , which be stuff to capacity with more of he thing : clothes , a bag of groceries , etc . girl ( cont would ) ( call to he ) Jesus , I be just go home for Christmas . what be you do ? pull up stake and movin ' you oakie family to californey ? she start rearranging the trunk , make room for she bag . guy I be kinda get kick out of my apartment . I do not have time to find someplace new before exam . she take out some of he thing . put they on the ground . guy ( cont would ) here , let I help you with that - girl why do not you just get the engine start and put the heat on ? I can handle this . he watch she rearrange he thing , a little flummox . girl ( cont would ) ( smile ) well ? what be you wait for ? I think you want to stay ahead of the snow ? he hurry back to the driver 's seat . start the engine . she hurriedly cram everything back in and slam the trunk . then run around to the passenger side and pull on the door handle . stuck . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 6 . 5 continued : ( 3 ) 5 now it 's she turn to look impatient . she jerk on the handle again , until he lean over to open the door from the inside . guy sorry ... it stick . she roll she eye , climb in . 6 int . oldsmobile - day 6 she climb in , try to power she window all the way to the top . it keep get stick , leave a half - inch gap . she shoot he a look : " what the hell ? " guy that 's as far as it go . sorry . she roll she eye , never once interrupt she phone conversation . he put the car in gear and they set out on they six hour roadtrip . 7 ext . university - student parking lot - that moment 7 as they drive off , reveal : a forget bag of groceries , still sit on the ground . 8 int . oldsmobile - day 8 they leave campus . he eavesdrop as she rattles on . girl ( on she cell ) where be you ? ( listen ) no , we be just roll out ... ( listen ) ... believe I , I try , but I could not get a flight . it 's my own fault for wait `til the last minute ... 9 &amp ; 10 omitted 9 &amp ; 10 wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 7. 11 int . / ext . oldsmobile - dusk 11 she look out at the pass landscape as they cruise south on the interstate . the road be wet , though the snow have not yet start to stick . girl ( laugh ; on she cell ) what , be you kid ? I be bored to tear ... no , we be still on the highway ... how should I know , all highway look exactly alike . she look up , catch he shoot irritate look she way . girl ( cont would ) what ? guy you go to be on that thing the whole - he do not finish the think , just choke back whatever he be about to say . focus on the highway ahead . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 8. 11 continued : 11 girl ( on she cell ) uh oh , somebody 's upset . I better call you back . ( pause ) who do you think ? ride board guy . okay , `bye . she hang up , aim the camera phone lens he way , and snap another digital picture of he . she put the cellphone away , look up to see he glaring at she . girl ( cont would ) what ? guy ( blurt ) this be not cool . if I have to drive , you have to talk to I . girl what , I be the in - flight entertainment ? guy that 's how this ride - share thing work . division of labor . we split everything fifty - fifty ... get it ? girl I have get news for you , I do not get much more entertaining than when I be on the phone . he darken , mutter under he breath : guy ( sarcastic ) this be turn out great . girl what 's that mean ? guy forget it . they ride in silence for a moment . she try to strike up a conversation , by way of extend a olive branch . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 9 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 girl so you be from wilmington , huh ? guy yeah . girl where would you go to school ? guy ( falter for a second ) um ... Saint vitus Academy . girl St. vitus ? you be make that up . guy you be acquainted with every school in the area ? girl pretty much , yeah . guy include all the Catholic one ? because that 's where I go . Saint vitus Academy for Catholic boy . girl okay , fine ... they drive for a few moment in silence . guy we have a class together , you know . girl huh ? guy intro to modern philosophy . he look at she expectantly , as if she should remember he . girl what ? there be about a million people in that class . it be like woodstock . do you ever see so many Eastern religion type ? ( then ) so , what 's you major ? ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 10 . 11 continued : ( 3 ) 11 guy Eastern religion . she hoot with laughter . but he 's not kid . he seem surprised by she response . guy ( cont would ) you be not majore in philosophy ? girl no . why ? guy I do not know . I just assume ... girl why would you assume anything about I ? we just meet . guy ( a little defensive ) I do not know ... I guess you just ... look like a philosophy major . girl try engineering . she enjoy the pain look of surprise on he face , let he twist for a second before explain : girl ( cont would ) I only take philosophy because I need a humanity credit . I hear it be a easy ` A. ' ( then ) hey , that remind I . what would you put for the extra credit question on the final ? guy nietzsche 's theory of eternal recurrence . girl which be basically reincarnation , right ? guy no , they be not really the same thing . reincarnation be when you come back as something different and eternal recurrence be when you ( more ) ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 11 . 11 continued : ( 4 ) 11 guy ( cont would ) live the same life over and over again . he look out at the road , recite nietzsche from memory : guy ( cont would ) the eternal hourglass of existence be turn over and over , and you with it , a grain of dust . she look at he as if he 's nut . a beat , then : girl he die of syphilis , you know . he stare grimly at the road ahead , bite back a comment . girl ( cont would ) High school and philosophy . pretty much cover everything , do not you think ? guess that conclude the entertainment portion of today 's flight . she turn on the radio , find a station with Christmas music . title card on black : 5:15 p.m. 12 ext . interstate - evening 12 the oldsmobile pass slower- move vehicle and zoom by . its interior light be on . 13 int . oldsmobile - evening 13 her bare foot be propped on the dash , as she remove the old nail polish . wide . she 's turn the front seat into a nail salon . cotton ball , emery board , bottle of clear and color varnish be strewn everywhere . she pick a bottle , open it , begin painting she nail . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 12 . 13 continued : 13 girl ( concentrate ) next gas station you see , do I a favor and pull over . I gotta pee . guy okay , I will keep my eye peel . she look up from she foot , give he a funny look . guy ( cont would ) what ? girl ( resume painting ) that phrase . ` keeping you eye peel . ' it 's kind of creepy , if you think about it . guy huh . actually , yeah , it be sorta . his eye linger on she freshly paint toe on the dashboard . she catch he stare . he blushes , embarrassed . say : guy ( cont would ) ... speak of peel eyeball . do you know that 's how they do that corrective eye surgery ? girl they use a laser . guy well , yeah , they do ... but there 's definitely peel involved too . I see it on Discovery Health . if more people know about the peel part they might think twice before go under the knife . girl laser . guy right , laser . girl I be have corrective eye surgery over the break . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 13 . 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 guy oh. a awkward beat . girl it 's okay . I be not really worried . guy why ? girl I be not worried ? guy you be get it do ... girl because I hate wear glass . guy but they look good on you . she frown . girl how do you know ? I do not wear they outside my dorm . he get a cornere look . guy you sure ? you never ... to class or anything ? because I could swear I - girl never . guy huh. weird . I wonder why I think - he break off , save by the sight of a gas station up ahead . guy ( cont would ) hey , look ! here 's you gas station ! she look at he across the dark front seat , suspicious . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 14 . 14 ext . penn - way quick mart - night 14 a florescent oasis in the gather dark . a tow truck and several old wreck rusting in the weed surround it . the oldsmobile pull off the highway and up to a gas pump . 15 ext . penn - way quick mart - gas pump / oldsmobile - minute 15 later he start the pump . notice she still seat in the car . he knock on she window . she open the door . guy I think you have to pee ? girl I do not expect we to find a bathroom so soon . my nail be not dry . guy oh. he look over the roof of the car , size up the distance across the slushy parking lot . guy ( cont would ) well if you want , I can carry you . girl that 's okay , they will be dry in just a second . guy come on , I be good at this ... girl you be not carry I inside . he open she door , pull she leg around , and crouch down between they . guy hold on . girl what be you do ?! wait - ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 15 . 15 continued : 15 suddenly he 's rise and she throw she arm instinctively around he neck . unsettle as the deeply - weird moment be , she decide it 's best to just humor he . but first - girl ( cont would ) I need my purse . he crouch a little so she can reach to retrieve it . 16 int . penn - way quick mart - night 16 the door jingles as he enter , carry she . his face be red from effort , hers from embarrassment . girl thanks . guy sure . he just stand there . she tap he on the shoulder . girl you can let I down now . guy okay . he crouch so she can slide off . she give he a look , slip on the pair of flip - flop she 's bring with she , then head off in search of the lady bathroom . meanwhile , we guy saunter up toward the front of the convenience store . he nod to the twitchy clerk , 20 , engross in a tattoo fetish magazine behind the counter . 17 int . penn - way quick mart - bathroom - that moment 17 the toilet be gross , tile a queasy green , graffiti-cover . we girl finish pee , get up from the toilet , use she foot to flush and she elbow to turn on the faucet . she wash she hand , hold they under the automatic dryer . Broken . she wipe she hand dry on she jeans . be about to exit when she catch sight of she reflection in the dirty mirror . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 16 . 17 continued : 17 on impulse she take out she glass from she purse . slip they on . check herself out in the mirror . cool ? sexy ? with she glass on she notice something scratch into the dirty mirror . close on mirror where we see : " j.c.r. 12-24-88 r.i.p . " she frown , slip she glass back in they case and move to exit . but when she grip the doorknob she find it locked . she frown . rattles the doorknob a few time . a look of panic cross she face , and she start rattling the doorknob harder . do someone lock she in ? suddenly the doorknob come off in she hand . she pound on the door with the heel of she palm , shout : girl hey . hey , i'm locked in here ! nothing . she turn , scan the filthy bathroom , notice something . her Pov : a vent above the sink , near the ceiling . back to scene she put a foot up into the sink , testing it to see if it can take she weight . then climb up and straighten on wobbly leg , until she face be near the filthy dust - clogge vent . girl ( cont would ) ( call into vent ) hey . can anybody hear I ?! hey ! her voice echoes weirdly . when the echoe die down she hear something from the vent that make she scowl : laughter . as if we guy and the clerk be have a good laugh at she expense . piss off now , she climb back down , and attack the break doorknob with renew urgency . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 17 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 and finally succeed in get the door to open . 18 int . penn - way quick mart - outside bathroom - continuous 18 as she exit she see the clerk and we guy talk quietly , as if they know one another . she hesitates for a second , spying on they around a display of chip . suspicious . at the counter : she stride up as the guy pay for the gas and a couple bottle of water . girl do not you hear I bang in there ? guy ( startle ; puzzle smile ) when ? girl you think it 's funny ? I lock in ? guy lock in where ? girl you be tell I you do not just hear I bang on the door ? guy I do not know what you be - girl ( cut he off ) forget it . let 's just get on the road . he gather up the bottled water , head toward the door . the clerk call to he : clerk remember , highway 's you best bet - guy ( dismissive ) do not worry about it man , I get it all cover . she frown , follow he to the exit . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 18 . 18 continued : 18 girl be we lose or something ? guy ( quickly ) no , I have make this drive a million time . he hold the door for she , then follow she outside . 19 ext . penn - way quick mart - continuous 19 as they exit and start toward the car she offer he a twenty . he look at the money , as if he 's never see U.S. currency before . guy what 's that for ? girl my half of the gas . guy keep it . girl what do you mean ? be not that how ride - share work ? -- we split everything fifty - fifty ? guy I do not take money from friend . since when be they friend ? they separate , walk around to they respective side of the car . she try the passenger door handle , only to find it stick . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 19 . 19 continued : 19 she roll she eye , wait for he to open it from the inside . 20 omitted 20 21 int . oldsmobile - night 21 she stare out at the road ahead , lull by the sound of the windshield wiper sweeping snowflake from side to side . her Pov : a nondescript exit come up fast for a side road . which would not be cause for alarm or even interest except - he suddenly turn the wheel sharply , take the exit . 22 ext . oldsmobile - that moment 22 the car veer off the interstate onto a much smaller two - lane road mark with a simple sign , paint - on - wood , fade to illegibility : Scenic Route 606 . the tire crunch across a old chain which have once prevent access to the road but be now half - bury in the snow . attach to it be a diamond - shape warning sign of a more modern vintage read : Rough Road . 23 int . oldsmobile - that moment 23 she fall against he , brace herself against the dash . girl what the hell be you do !? guy Scenic detour . girl ( panic ) no way ! get back on the highway . guy relax , I check it out on the map . it look interesting . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 20 . 23 continued : 23 girl I mean it , get back on the highway right now ! this be not go to happen ! he look a little piss she 's question he judgment . guy will you chill . it 's a shortcut . we will be back on the highway before you know it . hard to argue with a shortcut ... Nonetheless , she glance back with a look of trepidation out the back window at the highway recede into the distance . 24 ext . scenic route 606 - night 24 the oldsmobile cruise by , the only car on the two - lane scenic highway . as it leave frame camera pan to the dead grass on the roadside where it find a sad little shrine half - bury in the snow : two homemade cross , candle stump , a rotting stuff bear , deflate mylar balloon . scrawle on the cross be : Sean amanda dec-24-03 dec-24-03 25 int . oldsmobile - night 25 she watch he suspiciously out of the corner of she eye . his face be eerie in the green light of the dashboard . he scan the radio dial for something other than static . guy not many radio station out here . girl we be in a valley . fm radio wave travel in a straight line . they can not penetrate big obstacle like hill . try am . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 21 . 25 continued : 25 guy where be you when I be flunk freshman physics ? he switch over to am . find a low - wattage mountain station broadcasting Bobby helm ' 1957 " jingle Bell rock . " then he drive in silence . still stewing over she most recent dig . girl so ... do you family do the whole traditional Christmas thing ? guy no , my grandparent be dutch , so I be raise on salted licorice and sinterklaas ... girl how 's that different from the regular Santa Claus ? guy instead of the North pole , he life in Spain . and instead of elve he 's get a enforcer name Black Pete . basically he 's like you Santa , only scarier . girl charm . guy what 's you Christmas like ? girl my folk split my freshman year , so I spend the holiday racing between they . two tree ... two turkey dinner ... two set of present to return for store credit . so normally I can deal , but this year mom decide to rent a condo at the beach . which be like , what ? two hour away . guy I do not know . the beach can be sort of nice in the winter . romantic . she gaze out the window at night overtake the landscape . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 22 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 girl so be you a rehobeth beach family or Stone Harbor ? guy Stone Harbor . girl we always go to rehobeth . Year in and year out ... Jesus , I have never be more bored in my life . I be always so jealous of my friend who spend summer at the Jersey shore . guy I too . she turn from the window to look at he , scowling . girl Stone Harbor be the Jersey shore . guy ( evasive ) hm ? oh , yeah , I know . what I mean be - girl you be not from delaware , be you ? guy well , see , it 's kind of complicated - girl who be you ?! guy I be exactly who I say I be , be , it 's just - girl what the hell 's go on here ? guy nothing 's go on - girl what the hell be go on here !? guy look , just calm down . I can explain - ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 23 . 25 continued : ( 3 ) 25 headlight suddenly appear up ahead , blindingly bright . guy ( cont would ) what the hell ? she turn to look ahead , momentarily forget they fight as the oncoming headlight cross the median into they lane . girl you think he do not see we ? guy how can he not ? 26 ext . route 606 - that moment 26 from a high angle overlook the road we watch the two car racing toward one another , head on a collision course . 27 int . oldsmobile - as before 27 for the time be they fight have take a back seat to the oncoming car play chicken with they . girl pull over and let this asshole by . guy over where ? there 's no shoulder . he 's right . on the passenger side the road abut a steep wood hillside . opposite that it drop off into a ravine . they be both too distract by the oncoming headlight to notice the Christmas song that 's just come on the radio : Brenda Lee 's 1958 hit " Rockin ' around the Christmas Tree . " brenda lee Rockin ' around , the Christmas tree , at the Christ -ma par-ty hop ... 28 ext . route 606 - that moment 28 the distance between the speed car be close rapidly . 29 int . oldsmobile - as before 29 the kid face go white in the glare of the oncoming light . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 24 . 29 continued : 29 brenda lee mistletoe hang where you can see , ev'ry couple try to stop . Rockin ' around , the Christmas tree , have a happy hol - i- day ... later we will have some pumpkin pie , and do some car - rol-ing ... 30 ext . route 606 - that moment 30 the other car continue barrel toward the oldsmobile . the game of chicken fast approach the point of no return . brenda lee you will get a sen-ti-men - tal fee - ling when you hear ... voice sing " let 's be jolly , deck the hall with bough of holly " ... 31 int . oldsmobile - as before 31 relief turn to dread as they realize the other car be not slow . girl he 's not stop ! guy hold on ! he jerk the wheel hard , send the oldsmobile fishtail out of control . the other car skid over a small bridge and drop out of sight . they spin out in the opposite direction . skid off the road and slam into a snowbank with a bone-shuddering crash . brenda lee Rockin ' around , the Christmas tree , have a happy hol - i- day . everyone 's dance mer-ri-ly in the New . Old . fash-ion . wa-a-ay ! title card on black : 6:23 p.m. wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 25 . 32 ext . stranded oldsmobile - night 32 the oldsmobile have end up on the opposite roadside face the wrong way , its driver 's side jamme into a snowbank . snow boil in its headlight . 33 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 33 the interior be dark . the girl have be throw under the dash . it 's hard to tell in this light whether she 's still breathe . finally she stir , disorient . she climb back into she seat , piece together where she be . it take she a beat to remember he . she look over slowly . he 's not move , though thanks to he seatbelt he 's still upright behind the wheel . his head rest limply against the driver 's window , which now look out on nothing but snowbank . a link of blood trickle down the glass . Dead ? she 's not take any chance . without a sound she slip into she shoe , coat . grope for she cellphone among the detritus at she foot . suddenly he stir , groan . she freeze . the second tick by on the dashboard clock . when he do not wake , she resume fumble for she cell . find it . then ease open the creaky passenger door . and launch herself into the frigid night . 34 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - night 34 she hurry down the road away from the car . breath clouding in the frigid air . punch in number on she cell phone . insert cellphone screen -- ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 26 . 34 continued : 34 no signal bar . she 's start to freak now . she hit the redial button . girl ... please ... please ... please ... suddenly , from behind -- guy ( o.s. ) what be you do ? she scream , spin around . he 's stand right behind she , he face in silhouette . girl C - Calling 9 - 1 - 1 . or try to . guy any luck ? girl ( shake head `no ' ) can not ... I can not get a signal here . he receive this news with a strange calm . girl ( cont would ) what about yours ? guy I do not have a cell . girl how can you not have a cell ? guy ( ignore she ) how're you do ? you all right ? girl I ... yeah , I be okay . nothing break ... what about you ? guy I do not know . think I hit my head . he put he hand to the leave side of he skull and push on it . like someone testing a melon for ripeness . come to think of it , he speech be a little wooden . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 27 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 she watch as he turn and take a few aimless step away . guy ( cont would ) what happen to the , uh , the guy ? girl who ? guy asshole who run we off the road . she 's completely forget all about the other vehicle until now . she turn to look , puzzle . there 's no sign of the other vehicle anywhere . they be alone . girl I do not know . I guess maybe he decide just to hit and run . guy so where be he tire track ? she look , see a unbroken expanse of fresh white snow . girl in case you have not notice , it 's come down pretty hard . guy ( point ) yeah , but you can still see we track . the mystery of the miss track seem to have penetrate he post - accident fog , bring he back into sharper focus . she watch as he walk out in front of the old ' headlight to the middle of the road , where the other vehicle track 's should be . guy ( cont would ) what the hell ?! he walk back to the old and open the passenger door ( the only access into or out of the strand car , thanks to the snowbank ) . he begin search the glove compartment for a flashlight . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 28 . 34 continued : ( 3 ) 34 angle on her deliberate whether to seize this moment of distraction to make a break for it . she look back down the long dark road . look back at he bent over rummage in the oldsmobile . too risky . curiosity get the better of she , she walk out to the middle of the road to have a look for herself . no track . just a expanse of fresh powder and a few of he footprint . girl ( to herself ) this do not make any sense ... at that moment he emerge from the car with a flashlight . he spoke it , sweep the strong beam over they surroundings . the leave side of the road fall off into a darkness so deep even the flashlight 's beam can not penetrate it . a precipice . he cup he hand and call out at the top of he lung . guy ( call ) hello ! she jump at the sound of he voice , she nerve frazzle . guy ( cont would ) ( call ) anybody out there !? anyone ?! hey ! his voice be swallow by the dark . after the echoe subside the only sound in the hush be the sizzle of fall snow and a weird otherworldly hum . he snap off he flashlight , thrust it into he coat pocket . girl what now ? ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 29 . 34 continued : ( 4 ) 34 guy I guess we see how bad we be stick . they trudge back to the car , boot crunching in the snow . guy ( cont would ) you steer , I will push . he hold the passenger door for she while she scramble in , scoot over into the driver 's seat . he leave the door open so they can communicate . he walk back to the rear of the strand oldsmobile . he 's pull on glove when something half - bury in the snow nearby catch he eye . he take out the flashlight , shine it at the roadside . Little wooden cross . just two this time . another sad shrine , to a different set of anonymous victim of Route 606 . they proximity to the strand old obviously unsettle he . girl ( call ) ready ? he bend with a little wince and brace he shoulder against the rear bumper . guy ( call ) ready ! the tail light come on as she turn the ignition . he hear she crank the starter motor . crank ... cranking ... cranking ... finally turn over . she slip the oldsmobile in gear , and he start push . the rear tire spin , throw slush ; but car will not budge . guy ( cont would ) ( call ) give it more gas ! she floor it ; the tire scream . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 30 . 34 continued : ( 5 ) 34 he put everything he 's get into push , but it 's no use . suddenly he face contort in pain and he clutches he side . he drop out of view , disappear in a cloud of red exhaust . a beat later he pull himself up , pound on the trunk . guy ( cont would ) stop ! the tire stop spin . 35 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 35 she 's sit in the driver 's seat of the idling car when she hear the crunch - crunch - crunch of he approach footstep . in that moment she make a decision . scramble across the front seat , pull the door shut hard . 36 int . / ext . stranded oldsmobile - that moment 36 he arrive at the passenger side door handle just as the power lock all go thunk . he 's lock out . guy hey , open up . he tug at the handle a few time . knock on the window . guy ( cont would ) you wanna pop the lock ? when there 's no response from she he put he lip to the half - inch gap at the top of the stick window . guy ( cont would ) you gonna unlock the door or what ? she see he cup he hand and peer in through the window . she keep she eye down , focus on she shaking finger as they frantically dial she cellphone . no signal . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 31 . 36 continued : 36 guy ( cont would ) hey , c'mon , it 's freezing out here ! girl better get use to it , asshole . he rattles the door handle , start to get panicked now . guy what the hell be wrong with you ? what do I do ? but she 's in full - blow paranoid mode now , near hysterics . girl you drive we here , that 's what you do !! what the hell do you think you be do !? guy I think I be drive you home . girl you be not drive I home because one , you do not live near my home and two , this piece of shit be not drive anywhere . now what be we do here ? why do you get off the highway ? guy I tell you , this be a shortcut . anyway , you be the one who say she be so bored on the highway . this use to be call ` Scenic 606 ' because there 's a amazing view of the valley - girl one , you have never be anywhere near here before so do not pretend you know it 's a shortcut , and two , there 's a amazing view of shit because it's pitch black out ! he stand there as she freak out . guy let I get this straight . you think I intentionally arrange for we get strand out here ?! it be a ( more ) ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 32 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 guy ( cont would ) accident ! you see the other car . you think he be in on it , too ? girl ( rave ) maybe ! maybe he 's like you Black Pete or something ! why the hell do you tell I that story anyway ? guy you be crazy ... girl ( lie ) anyway , I have get news for you ... I get through to a friend 's voicemail while you be supposedly unconscious . I be sure she 's call the cop by now . guy would you listen to yourself ? what kind of psycho do you think I be ? girl exactly . he straighten , exasperate , put a hand to he injure head . she look at he stand there , hugging himself against the sub-zero cold , he tooth chatter . he do not look like a ax-murderer . she do not know what to do . there 's a long beat . finally , he throw up he hand in disgust , decide to go to plan B . guy I be gonna walk back to the gas station for help . you have get the heater and the radio , so you should be all right here . though I really think you should consider come with I . girl I bet you do . guy ( piss ) Fine . whatever . if you feel a draft and you want to patch this ... ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 33 . 36 continued : ( 3 ) 36 stick he fingertip through the half - inch gap at the top of the stick passenger side window . guy ( cont would ) ... I keep duct tape in the back . girl ( sarcastic ) I bet you do . he look in at she one last time , exit . she listen to the crunch of he footstep until she can not hear they anymore . suddenly there 's a loud bang against the passenger side window . she jump . guy but it's my car !! he go crazy on the strand old : punch the roof , jerk the door handle , kick the door , scream at she the whole time . she cower inside , scared to death . finally he give up , and with a final bang to the roof , exit . he turn and head back down the road . we watch through the rear window as he trudge robotically away , he boot crunch - crunch - crunching in the snow . he stop . leans he weight against a tree . look back at the car . whatever it be he 's do , he 's clearly not walk to the gas station . he straighten , and continue on until he 's out of sight . 37 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - night 37 the strand oldsmobile sit on the roadside , engine run , hood and windshield cover in white . the interior light be on , give it a enchant look , like a cottage in a Grimm 's fairytale . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 34 . 38 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 38 she 's in the back seat ransack he suitcase and other possession , look for the duct tape . despite the heater it 's cold enough in the car ( thanks to the gap in the window ) to see she breath . a public service announcement play on the car 's radio . radio psa ... the National weather service have issue a Winter Storm warning for the entire Eastern Seaboard ... Boxer short . sock . box of condom . a copy of the tibetan Book of the Dead . a cheap Radio shack telephone wrap in its cord . a crow bar , which she toss up to the front seat . radio psa ( cont would ) ... carbon County resident can expect snow accumulation of four to six inch ... suddenly we see - a blur of movement outside the car 's foggy rear window ... but she 's too busy search through the junk in the back seat to notice . finally she find what she 's look for : silver duct tape . also a pair of scissor . she hold the scissors like a dagger , clearly think they could come in useful if she need to defend herself . she climb up front , rip off a three - foot length of tape . again , in the b.g. - more movement outside the car ... but she 's too busy sealing the passenger 's side window against the frigid draft to notice that someone 's outside . radio psa ( cont would ) ... State and local official be urging resident to remain indoors , ( more ) ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 35 . 38 continued : 38 radio psa ( cont would ) as wind chill plunge to fifteen below overnight ... finally - she glimpsis movement outside the passenger window . she gasp , ducking out of sight below the car 's dashboard . she do not move , listen , she eye bright with fear . after a long beat she risk a peek over the steering wheel . the windshield be fogge , so she wipe a peephole in the condensate . it 's too dark to see much beyond the car 's hood . she reach shaking finger toward the steering column . flick on the headlight . a stranger be walk away down the middle of the dark road . she scream , reach instinctively to check the power lock . the stranger , a black man dress in a dirty suit , walk with hunch shoulder . snow swirl around he in the darkness . who the hell take a stroll in the middle of a snowstorm ? over she initial shock now , she reach for the door handle . 39 ext . route 606 - roadside - night 39 she get out of the car , clutching the scissor in both hand like a dagger . she stand behind the protection of the open car door and call out to the stranger move down the middle of the snowy road a dozen yard ahead . there 's a weird humming noise in the air she can not place . girl hey ! no reaction from the stranger . girl ( cont would ) hello ? do you live around here ? again , nothing . maybe he 's deaf ? she move out from behind the safety of the car door and start after the stranger , keep she distance as she call : ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 36 . 39 continued : 39 girl ( cont would ) we have a accident . my friend go for help . he will be back any second . the stranger 's dapper suit be more than dishevel . it 's soaking wet , cake in motor oil or some other dark slime . girl ( cont would ) kinda crappy night for a walk , do not you think ? and there 's something definitely " off about he shuffle . it 's like he 's crippled , or injure . in fact he seem to be crying . ( or be it moan ? ) girl ( cont would ) hey , wait ! but the stranger just keep shuffle toward the shoulder of the road , head in the direction of the dark stand of tree beyond . soon he move beyond the reach of the headlight and disappear into the gloom . girl ( cont would ) what the hell - !? spook , she begin to back toward the strand oldsmobile . back into - guy hey . she scream . guy ( cont would ) Jesus ! calm down . it 's just I . girl stay away from I ! she brandish the scissor . he put up two hand defensively . guy whoa ! take it easy . what 's wrong ? girl you ! everything ! the guy - guy what guy ? ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 37 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 girl I do not know , it be weird . I see some guy walk down the road . guy where do he go ? girl I do not know . into the wood . her eye keep cut back and forth between he and the wood where the stranger disappear , as if not sure which be the great threat . guy look . it 's freezing out here . let 's just get in the car and you can tell I what happen ... girl ( paranoid ) what be you do back so soon ? what about hike to the gas station ? guy it be close . I be go to leave a note , but I do not ... you know . have anything to write with . she clutches the scissors tighter , not believe a word . girl but that place be suppose to stay open 24 / 7 ! why be not it open ? guy how the hell should I know ?! independent operator . look , can we continue this conversation in the car , `cause I be freezing my ball off stand out here . girl ( shriek ) I be not get into the car with you , you psycho !!! he close he eye and shake he head , beyond frustrated . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 38. 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 guy Fine . whatever . I be get in . you be welcome to join I . he turn and trudge back to the oldsmobile , climb in , and pull the door shut after he . leave she there in the snowy road , clutching the scissors , she tooth chatter . she stand there , shiver , look very small and alone . hold on she as she weigh she option : stay out here and freeze . or risk seek shelter with a stalker . not much of a choice . 40 int . stranded oldsmobile - moment later 40 he look over as the door wrench open and she climb in . she pull the door shut behind she , then huddle against it . eyeing he warily . he start to reach toward she and she brandish the scissors - guy relax . - and switch off the overhead interior light , explain : guy ( cont would ) we need to conserve the battery . with the interior light off the car fill with a otherwordly blue glow reflect off the snow . she pull she knee up as if try to make herself as small as she can , to position herself as far away from he as be humanly possible on a bench seat . her eye cut to the dashboard clock . she frown . girl that 's not right . the clock ... guy ( check watch ) huh ? no , it 's not . it should read ... he frown , look down at he watch . he hold it to he ear . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 39 . 40 continued : 40 guy ( cont would ) my watch stop . oh well ... guess we will just have to rely on my precisely calibrate body clock . he toss he useless watch over he shoulder into the back seat . suddenly she notice a trickle of blood come from he head . girl hey . guy what ? girl you be bleed . he touch two finger to the leave side of he head . they come away bloody . as he lift he watch cap we see the leave side of he head be matte with freeze blood , now beginning to melt . the collar of he coat be soak with it . guy it 's nothing ... girl it do not look like nothing . guy scalp wound bleed a lot . head wound in general . that 's why , if you be ever in a bar fight , the thing to do be pick up a bottle and smash the other guy across the bridge of he nose . it will make he eye fill with blood and snot , and buy you enough time to run away . girl ( soften , amused ) that 's really useful , thanks . a tense silence fill the car . he close he eye and lean he head back , as if try to catch a few Z's . girl ( cont would ) so where be you from , really ? ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 40 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 guy ( eye close ) place call glen Falls ... girl that 's not in delaware . guy no ... girl that 's , like , in the complete opposite direction ! guy yes ... girl that 's like twenty minute from school ! guy all right , all right , so I lie ... obviously . girl why ? eye still close , he answer in a flat uninflected voice . guy I just think you seem cool . I do not have a line or a `game ' or whatever the hell it 's call . so when I see a chance to get you alone for six uninterrupted hour , I take it . she ponder this for a beat , one piece still not click . girl but how do you know where I live ? guy ask around . girl which explain how you find out I be from delaware ... but not how you know I need a ride home . I mean , I always fly . how could you possibly know that for , like the ( more ) ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 40a. 40 continued : ( 3 ) 40 girl ( cont would ) first time in my college career , I be plan on go Greyhound - just then she eye go wide , as it suddenly dawns on she . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 41 . 41 flashback : 41 a series of quick cut revisit event from earlier that day . - the text message , " y do not u check the ride board ? " - her look up , smile . - sitting behind she , read the message : our guy . - who bolt from he seat the instant class be dismiss . - who turn out to be the one who jostle she on he way out . - he race across the empty quad , scribbling on the run . - tear the improvise notice out of he spiral notebook . - slap it up on the ride board just in the nick of time . - as she enter and see : " ne1 need a ride 2 delaware 12/23 ? " flashback end : 42 int . stranded oldsmobile - as before 42 she look at he , the piece all finally fall into place . he make no effort to explain . do not even open he eye . guy ( bitter ) forgive I for attempt a romantic gesture . girl romantic ? try stalkerish . guy not if thing work out between we ... I would have tell you everything eventually , and then it would not be stalkerish . it would just be this sweet funny story we would have . girl we ?! he sit up sharply , temper boil over , glaring at she . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 42. 42 continued : 42 guy okay , you have make you point ! I be a creep who get off on chauffeur woman under false pretense . can we drop this already ? ( change subject ) Christ . I be starve . you hungry ? he lean over the seatback , begin rummage in the back . guy ( cont would ) do you see a bag of grocery in the trunk ? at mention of grocery she temporarily drop the topic of the gas station . remember : girl no . oh , shit . I think I might have leave it in the parking lot . guy what ?! girl I be sorry . it be a accident - guy shit ! I spend sixty buck on this gourmet crap you like ! Saint Andre 's cheese and carr 's cracker and that stupid little french pickle , I forget what they be call - girl ( quietly ) cornichon ... I love cornichon . he sigh , slump back behind the steering wheel , defeat . guy I know . 43 ext . route 606 - roadside - night 43 the wind blow . in between gust it 's quiet , except for the strange hum . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 43 . 44 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 44 she 's still huddle up front , still hold she scissors . he 's in the back seat , scour the car for anything edible , scroung tic tacs , stale pretzel nib , a candy bar , etc . guy I think I remember lose pack of Big Red down the back seat cushion last week ... he thrust he hand between the seat cushion like a scuba diver feel for lobster under a coral reef . down the back seat : his hand fumble in the dark space below the seat cushion , among the seatbelt , lose nickel and dime , lint . back to scene suddenly he eye go wide as something lurking under the seat seize he hand and jerk he in hard . she gasp . his face contort in agony . then change to a smile , as he pull he hand free , unhurt , hold a stick of gum . guy ( cont would ) kidding . she look at he in mute fury and disbelief . he shrug , unwrap a stick of Big Red and pop it into he mouth . girl asshole . suddenly he hand shoot out and seize she wrist hold the scissors . her eye go wide in terror and she start to resist , but he grip be too strong . guy ( gritt tooth ) let go , goddamnit ... ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 44 . 44 continued : 44 girl no ! guy give they to I ! girl no !!! with he free hand he reach over and wrench the scissors away from she , he eye flash . she give a little terrify whimper as he pull she close , brandish the scissors . guy I need this . 45 int . stranded oldsmobile - later 45 with the blade of the open scissors he divide a stale candy bar , divvy it up . he close the scissors . serve up the two halve of candy bar on napkin with a side of stale pretzel nib . guy I still can not believe you leave all we food in a stupid parking lot . girl look , I be sorry , okay ? I will write you a check for sixty buck if it will make you get off my case . I do not know what else I can say . guy let 's just eat . they eat in silence , each chew the unappetize " dinner . " guy ( cont would ) ( to himself ) Story of my life . never fail ... girl what ? guy you. Girls . woman . you seem cool at first . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 45 . 45 continued : 45 girl what the hell be you talk about ? guy you should all come with a warning , like car mirror : " object in belly shirt be flakier than they appear . " girl you want to talk about fake ? how about guy who pretend to be from delaware to meet girl ? guy how about we just stop talk altogether . girl that 's perfect . because now that I be not some nietzche-spout sexbot , suddenly I be not worth know . and who 's fault be that ? he do not answer , only withdraw into himself , sulk . all of a sudden the oldsmobile give a shudder . and then the engine die . 46 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - night 46 they leap out to investigate , drop down on all four to shine the flashlight under the chassis . her Pov : under the car . the beam illuminate a yellow crater of melt snow beneath the car 's undercarriage . back to scene she reach under to scoop up some of the yellow snow . retrieve it so she can hold it under she nose and sniff . guy well ? ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 46 . 46 continued : 46 girl Gas . guy oh shit . girl fuel tank must have be rupture in the accident . guy can you fix it ? girl not unless you have a welding rig in all that shit of yours . and even if you do , it would not matter . we be out of gas . guy but we still have the battery , right ? girl as long as we use it sparingly , it should last the night . question be , will we ? guy what do you mean ? she give he a sober look , as the storm rage around they . girl no engine ... no heat . he look at she , a look of grim determination on he face . he march to the car , pop the trunk . retrieve she suitcase . 47 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 47 he dump she suitcase in front . she climb in after it . slam the door . guy layer ... he roll into the back , fish he suitcase out of the mess . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 47 . 47 continued : 47 guy ( cont would ) only thing that 's gonna get we to sun-up . so put aside fashion sense and start layer everything you bring . girl but I do not bring anything . he raise a eyebrow , lean over the front seat to unzip she suitcase and see for himself . Christmas gift , skimpy tee , panty and bras , a bikini . guy ah , Jesus . girl ( defensive ) I be sorry , but who could prepare for something like this ?! I have get a complete winter wardrobe , it 's just in delaware ... and no , that do not make I a flake ! he unzip he suitcase . start pull out ragg sock , long - sleeve pullover , etc . he shove a ball of clothes into she hand without a word . 48 omitted 48 49 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 49 the kid have retreat to the front - and back seat for privacy while they change . not a easy proposition in the cramped quarter . she strip down to bra and panty as demurely as possible . put on he insulate underwear and the rest of they thing . he slip on he woefully inadequate shirt and pants . it 's obvious he give the warmest stuff to she . also that he take the backseat because it 's more cramped than the front . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 48. 49 continued : 49 once they be finish dress he reach up , switch off the interior light . they lie in the blue darkness for a few moment of silence , watch they breath plume in the cold air . [ note : from this point on , they breath will always be visible in the car . ] he hear she sigh , restless . guy what 's the matter ? girl I be freezing . I can not feel my toe . guy I neither . nothing much they can do about it . they fall silent again . guy ( cont would ) you know , there be a better way for two people to conserve body heat - girl dream on . but we see she smile a little in the dark front seat . they lie in silence for another beat as she try every position possible to get comfortable . finally she sit up . guy what ? girl gotta pee . she start to climb over into the cramped front seat , intend to go outside . he wince when she put a hand on he chest to steady herself as she climb over he . guy ( testy ) why do not you go before , when we be outside ? girl because it 's freezing out . we be talk about a arctic air mass out of Canada . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 49 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 guy it 's still freezing out - girl yeah , but now I have get to go . promise not to look . she pop the door and exit . 50 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - night 50 she climb out into the bitter cold , hunch against the howling wind , and move off as far as she dare from the car . she fumble with the button and zipper of she multiple layer , turn she back to the car , squat to pee . her tooth chatter as she do she business , one wary eye peel to catch the guy peek . suddenly , out of the gloom appear - a dark figure , move by very near she . she gasp . tumble back onto she ass . as she 's struggle to pull up she pants - more dark figure appear , move in the same direction . as the figure enter the wood they leader turn so she glimpsis he face : elderly and unremarkable at first glance , then for a instant changing into a twisted ashen deathmask . her scream bring we guy bolting out of the car . guy what ?! what happen ?! but it all happen so fast she do not believe she eye . she gesture at the procession of dark figure disappear ahead . girl ( still in shock ) - do you see ? - they be right here ! - guy why do not you stop they ?! maybe they have a phone ! ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 50 . 50 continued : 50 we guy duck back into the car , retrieve a flashlight from the glove compartment . he ease the door shut , carefully so it do not latch and accidentally lock they out . the he start off run after the figure . scare as she be , she decide to follow rather than remain at the car by herself . 51 ext . route 606 - further down road / top of a ravine - night 51 the two kid arrive at the place on the road -- top of a ravine disappear thirty foot below -- where the dark figure seem to be head . only to find no one there . girl where would they go ?! guy there ! she look where he 's point with the flashlight - her Pov : on the wood slope on the opposite slope of the ravine be several tall old men in dark coat , disperse through the wood . as if whatever somber occasion that bring they to the ravine have end . guy ( cont would ) ( call ) hey ! wait ! we need help here ! climb down into the ravine seem too treacherous , so the kid be force to backtrack to a place several yard away where they can follow the dark figure into the : 52 ext . wood - night 52 they follow the bob beam of the flashlight through the tree , in pursuit of the old man in black coat and fedora . we guy fall behind , wind . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 51 . 52 continued : 52 guy gotta - just a sec - catch my - girl ( still unnerve ) maybe we should go back to the car . guy no ! there must be a house or something . keep go . I will catch up . girl ( reluctantly ) okay . she trudge on ahead , she footstep grow fainter , finally fade entirely . he 's alone now . he lean against a tree to catch he breath , wince in pain . for a instant it seem like he 's go to be sick . but then he just hock up phlegm and spit into the pure white snow . blood . though still wind , he push on . 53 ext . hilltop - night 53 a few minute later he trudge into view . look around . no sign of we girl . guy hello ? hello ? he arrive at the top of the hill . silhouett against the night sky . treeless . his flashlight find the few vertical object still stand . a ruined build windowless and long - abandon , its ceiling and wall cave in around a large stone chimney . he crunch inside and examine the black maw of the large stone fireplace , now stuff with trash and dead leave . his flashlight beam find a SMALL iron door build into the side of the chimney . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 52 . 53 continued : 53 a firebox . he kneel in the snow and tug the little iron door open . gingerly slip he arm inside the firebox . retrieve a bunch of old newspaper . he stuff they inside the front of he jacket . continue rummage around in the firebox . as he rise he wince in pain , one hand go to he side . he take slow breath until the pain subside . he turn in a slow circle . his flashlight sweep over the interior of the abandon ruin , the beam pick out what look like branch - human hand freeze into claw , reach from ... a frozen body . it 's lie on the bare spring of a metal bedframe : tooth clench in a terrible rictus , icicle drip from nose , clawlike finger , eye . he 's so startle he nearly drop the flashlight . the wayward light find another frozen corpse in a nearby bed mere foot away : another rictus grimace , clawlike finger seem to reach for he . and then another . and another ... all old men . frozen in they death throes , like the body from pompeii . one of the beds be empty . we guy sweep the flashlight beam to the side and find the bed 's occupant : freeze sit upright in a old wooden wheelchair . Eye to eye with he . he reel in horror , trip , lose the flashlight as he go sprawling . then recover , snatching the flashlight up again and sweeping it back in the direction of the freeze body - and see nothing : no bed . no old man ... ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 52a. 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 just he footprint in the snow . 54 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - that moment 54 we girl emerge from the tree , have decide to give up the chase and return to the safety of the car . just as she 's reach for the door handle she gasp - as a figure suddenly appear out of the darkness . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 53 . 54 continued : 54 it 's the black stranger from earlier , shuffle and mumble . this time he 's close enough for she to make out some of the word he 's mutter : stranger ... please , officer , please do not ... girl wait ! determined not to let he vanish again , she take off in pursuit , come alongside he and keep pace as he shuffles down the middle of the road . stranger ... do not put I in the river ... suddenly she glance down , see why he 's shuffle so oddly . his ankle above he sodden dress shoe be bound with baling wire , as be he wrist . girl ( shocked ) oh my god ! who do this to you ?! stranger ... please , officer , just take the booze and let I go ... she reach toward he . the instant she hand near he the wind howl deafeningly . she experience a sudden powerful jolt , almost as if she 's grab a live wire ... only instead of electric heat she feel a terrible otherwordly cold ... frostbite . the jolt stun the stranger out of he daze , and for the first time he become aware of she . he raise he frighten eye to she slowly , and in do so reveal he face . a scream build in she throat at sight of he . the stranger 's face be bloodless , bloat , swollen with rot . a sludgy gargle noise come from he throat and he mouth move , as if he 's try to speak . but instead of word emerge , he throat suddenly bulge . something 's in there , fight its way up he esophagus . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 54 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 she watch in horror as it emerge , blind and wriggle like a blood - fatten leech . force its way out through he lip to land at he foot with a wet plop . it lie there writhe in the fresh snow . a river eel . she scream . 55 ext . wood - that moment 55 Pov of we guy run blindly through the wood , flashlight beam throw weird bounce shadow across the tree , boot crunching in the snow , sound of he gasping breaths ... he stop , wrack with pain , and double over with hand on knee to catch he breath . in the silence he hear she scream come from ahead . he stand , and though still wind , start run again . 56 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - night 56 we guy emerge from the wood still carry the newspaper he find in time to find we girl white with shock and scream . he grab she by the shoulder , shake she . guy it 's okay ! you be okay ! it 's okay ! her scream give way to hyperventilate sob . * girl * where be you ? * guy * I be look for that guy . I * do not see anyone -- * ( hesitate at the memory ) * -- there 's nobody up there . what 's * wrong , what 's wrong ? do you see * someone ? girl * I ... there be another guy ... * she start to tell he , then stop , not sure if she believe * it herself . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 55 . 56 continued : 56 * suddenly he look down , notice she blacken mitten on she right hand . the palm be blister and raw . he take she hand gingerly , examine it . she wince in pain . * guy what happen to you !? this look like ... oh jesus ... like frostbite ! girl I try to ... touch he ... it burn . he raise he eye from she frostbite , look at the dark * silent stand of dense wood surround they . they exchange * a look of know concern . * guy * let 's get back in the car ... they start back in the direction of the strand oldsmobile . Pan down to the road , where something move weakly under the fresh powder of snow . the river eel , in its death throes . 57 int . stranded oldsmobile - later 57 they climb back inside . he pull the old newspaper out from inside he jacket , toss they on the dashboard . she pull the passenger door shut . the duct tape have come loose , allow a cold draft in through the crack window . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 56 . 57 continued : 57 she notice the newspaper on the dash , grab they . girl where would this come from ? guy there 's the ruin of a old house or something back in the wood . girl oh ... give I the duct tape ... he hand it to she , and she start use the tape and old newspaper to seal out the draft . when she 's finish , he start to climb over into the back . girl ( cont would ) ( softly ) wait . she look at he , too embarrassed to ask he to hold she . it take he a beat to understand . then he crawl over to she , and they spoon together in the front seat , find they best fit . any awkwardness quickly pass . they lie there , too frighten to sleep . title card on black : 11:17 p.m. 58 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 58 we kid lie awake , he spoon she , listen to the radio quietly play Christmas music : ( segu into Brenda Lee 's " Rockin ' around the Christmas Tree . " ) guy be you awake ? girl ( tooth chatter ) uh-huh . d- do not want to sleep . guy why ? ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 56A . 58 continued : 58 girl because I be afraid I will not wake up . that 's what they say happen . when ( more ) ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 57 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 girl ( cont would ) you freeze to death . it 's like go to sleep ... guy there be worse way to go . knock knock knock -- someone be outside , knock on the oldsmobile 's window . they both jump , startle . he glance up into the rearview mirror , see headlight behind they and a red flashing light . guy ( cont would ) a cop ! she crank down the icy passenger side window , revealing the silhouette of a highway patrolman stand just outside : 40s , wear a trim-fitting uniform and a stiff - brimm trooper 's hat . highway patrolman everything all right in there ? the kid speak over one another in they relief to see he . girl thank God ! you do not know how glad we be to see you ... guy ... you will not believe what 's be happen ... the cop listen without comment , shine he flashlight over the car 's interior . highway patrolman have car trouble , huh ? girl someone run we off the road . he shine the flashlight directly in we girl 's eye . highway patrolman there 's no parking here . guy what be you talk about ? we be not parking here . do not you hear what she say ? someone run we off - ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 58 . 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 highway patrolman ... of course I might be willing to let you off with a warning this time ... if we can come to some sort of arrangement ... guy what be you talk ab - the girl , quick to catch on than the guy , put a hand on he arm . girl ( whisper ) it 's a shake - down . he 's probably partner with the guy who run we off the road . would not be surprised if he have a deal with the tow guy , too . he turn to she , say in a angry whisper - guy you think this whole thing be a scam ? Jesus , he could have kill we ! but she 's already digging cash out of she purse . girl ( fierce whisper ) how much cash do you have on you ? he look at she in disbelief . see that she 's serious . he dig out he wallet , start to climb over she to exit . she stop he . girl ( cont would ) how many speed ticket have you sweet - talk you way out of ? he concede she point silently . she pluck the money from he hand . open the door . 59 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - night 59 she exit the strand car into the frigid cold . the cop wait , face away , in the spotlight - like glare of he idling patrol car 's headlight . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 59 . 59 continued : 59 she walk back toward he , find he mop the back of he neck with a handkerchief . girl this be all we have . highway patrolman some weather we be have ... girl yeah , it 's really come down . ( indicate the money ) so what do you say ? how `bout a little Christmas spirit here ? highway patrolman ( still face away ) you know , this be one bad stretch of road . all kind of trouble go on up here : kid drag racing . niggers haul booze across the state line . Lady driver break down , no - one ever hear from they again ... her bravado begin to flag . this be not the kind of police officer she 's use to deal with . she glance worriedly back in the direction of the old . girl we just want to get out of here , so if you could just - she hold out the money , but he ignore it . highway patrolman let I tell you , I have see a lot of fatality on this road ... he take off he hat so he can mop he brow . as he turn , she get a first good look at he face : handsome but hard , with cruel snake charmer 's eye look back at she ... highway patrolman ( cont would ) you be lucky I come along when I do . so why do not we get in my car ... she 's scared now . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 60 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 she look past he to where the highway patrol car sit idling in a red plume of exhaust fume . girl ( back away ) I think maybe I just want to go back - highway patrolman you're not go anywhere ! she startles as if slap , too horrify to parse he meaning . she continue back away until she 's back up against the trunk of the old . girl no ... the cop be advance toward she when suddenly he catch sight of something high on the hillside behind she that make he stop . she glance over she shoulder to see what he 's look at : a light on the hilltop , where the burn - out ruin stand . and weirder still , there 's a figure in silhouette stand nearby . someone watch . the cop darken , enraged by this unwanted audience . his face contort , fury building in he until he tremble with it . he rest he hand on the butt of he service revolver , say to she in a low urgent voice : highway patrolman get in the damn patrol car ... she start walk toward the park patrol car ahead of he . the highway patrolman 's boot crunching behind she . the patrol car 's headlight be blind . she move towards they , squinting , as if move down a tunnel of light . girl ( terrify ; beginning to cry ) please ... just let we go ... ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 61 . 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 highway patrolman hurry up ... we have get a audience ... girl ( begging ) but we do not do anything ! please ! we will not tell anybody if you let we - guy ( o.s. ) get away from she you bastard ! suddenly the guy appear brandish a crowbar . he swing it in a lethal arc toward the patrolman 's head . the cop 's head crumple inward . the cop 's expression of FURY suddenly stutter , like film slip in the projector - as two world that should never intersect , do , violently - for a instant , the cop 's face appear ... char . like a human face project onto a scorched and melting balloon . the image flicker - and on a ear-splitt howl we - smash CUT to : 60 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 60 suddenly , jarringly , the kid be seat back inside the car . as if someone hit reset . girl ( stunne ) what just ... out there ...? guy I do not know . girl ( unsure ) but it do happen , right ? or not ... we guy wince in pain . tilt down to reveal : he hand frostbitten , still clutching the crowbar . she try to take it out of he bloody , blacken hand and he gasp in agony . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 62 . 60 continued : 60 girl ( cont would ) oh jesus. ok . hold on . she pour water from a plastic bottle over he palm to try and break the seal between the fuse skin and metal . girl ( cont would ) ok , hold on , this be go to hurt . guy do it . she fight she own gag reflex as she pull the crowbar free . it come away with several long black strip of dead skin still attach . his palm be bloody pulp . he fight to hold himself together as she minister to he . the pain be so bad it bring tear to he eye . his tooth chatter ; he 's teeter on the edge of shock . guy ( cont would ) how bad ? girl frostbite , second and third - degree . guy how do you know ? you take a first aid course or something ? girl ski camp , seventh grade ... ( off he look ) do not make fun . what else do you have go on when you be thirteen ? she stretch herself out alongside he in the back seat . tug up she layer of sweater to expose she stomach . guy ( weak ) I be kinda not in the mood anymore . girl we have to rewarm you hand . you have ice crystal in you blood . if we do not get circulation restore you could lose you finger . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 63 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 she take he frostbitten hand and gingerly as possible press they against the warm skin of she belly , rewarming they . they lie there in silence for a beat , face inch apart . girl ( cont would ) what just happen to we out there ? guy what do you mean ? you be there . girl I know , but who be he ? where would he go ? it 's like one minute there 's a , a gun to my head and the next all the light go out and he 's go , like a , like a - guy ghost . her eye cut to he , afraid , resistent to the very idea . girl no . guy yes . and the old guy we chase - girl no . guy what then ? how do you explain - girl I do not know ! this be crazy ! I can not be have this conversation . guy ( forceful ) you be have it . girl I do not want to ! guy you think I do ?! Jesus . I be just as freak by what 's happen as you . but we have to deal with it , `cause like it or not , it be happen ... ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 64 . 60 continued : ( 3 ) 60 girl then how do we make it stop ? guy I do not know . they do not cover this in philosophy 101 . girl ( casting for idea ) what about that book , in the back ? guy what book ? girl something Book of the Dead . guy tibetan . it 's not a how - to manual . it 's a 8th century Buddhist guide on death and die . girl ( despair ) God . why be this happen to we ? he do not have a answer . they fall silent for a beat . guy ( hand on she belly ) I can feel you stomach rumbling . girl I know . God , I would give anything for some of that carr 's cracker right now ... try to take they mind off the grim situation . girl ( cont would ) so what else be in the grocery bag I forget ? guy um , let 's see . duck liver pat with truffle . girl oh no ... ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 65 . 60 continued : ( 4 ) 60 guy some olive , the normal kind and also some of the little shrivel black one . a bottle of white wine ... girl mmmmm ... guy and for dessert , anisette biscotti and a thermos of espresso . girl ( ecstacy ) ohhhh ... she close she eye , imagine the meal that might have be . girl ( cont would ) that 's pretty much the exact meal I would order for my last day on earth . I swear to god , if we ever get out of here I be go to have to get a restrain order against - if they ever get out of here . her eye brim , tear spilling down she cheek . he try to sound optimistic . guy can not be too much longer until dawn . someone 's bound to come along then . a snowplow or something . right ? girl how be you hand ? guy start to burn ... girl that 's good . it mean the circulation 's come back . guy ( wince ) yeah , but I mean really burn ... girl hang on . I think I have a few tylenol - with - codeine in my purse . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 66 . 60 continued : ( 5 ) 60 she climb into the front seat and search through she purse for the prescription bottle . with the poor light and without she contact she have trouble find it . she take out she glass and , a little embarrassed , slip they on . guy what 's take so long , nurse - girl I just - she 's about to climb back when something catch she eye . insert old newspaper -- the one use to patch the small gap in the passenger window . there 's a fade photograph of a group of elderly priest gather around a mangle ` 55 ford crown VIC . we recognize one of they , glance back over he shoulder at the camera , as the leader of the mysterious procession of dark figure from earlier . intercut old newspaper / girl &amp ; guy girl ( cont would ) oh my god . I think I know who we old guy be ... I mean , be ... below the accident scene photo be high school yearbook portrait of two teenage boy with crewcut and letter jacket bear a distinctive team insignia " the cougar . " across the top of the paper be a tear headline : " North granville youth kill in Joy Riding Accident " and below it " cougar coach mourn loss . " girl ( cont would ) ( read ) " ... first to arrive at the scene be Roman Catholic priest from St. Christopher 's Home for retired clergy ... " guy Priests ! suddenly , the interior light fizzle out , make she jump . she reach up and tap on it until it flicker back on . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 67 . 60 continued : ( 6 ) 60 girl " ... hear the crash on nearby Route 606 , they brave inclement weather to administer last rights ... " guy that must be what we see they do ! she skim-read ahead , try to glean more information . girl " ... also kill be State highway patrolman ... continue on page seven . " she tear the brittle top page of the newspaper away . find there be no page seven . guy ( gritt tooth ) you get that tylenol ? girl come . she climb over into the back seat , feed he two of the tylenol with a sip of water from a bottle . then stretch out alongside he again . girl ( cont would ) we should take turn keep watch . in case he come back . guy ( eyelid heavy ) okay . girl I will go first . you get some sleep . he drift off to sleep . title card on black : 2:32 a.m. wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 68 . 61 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 61 both kid be asleep in the back seat . she 's dream , she eye rove behind close lid . all of a sudden she stir , eye flutter open in the dark . shiver . woken by a cold draft . she shiver , sit up , disentangle herself from the guy snore quietly beside she in the cramped back seat . she locate the source of the draft . the stuck passenger window up front , where the duct - tape - newspaper patch have come loose . she shiver as a gust of wind blow a few snowflake in . she grab the roll of duct tape , climb up into the front . tear off a fresh strip of tape off to replace the old one . she smooth it in place , she tooth chatter between yawn . just then the radio snap on by itself . brenda lee Rockin ' around , the Christmas tree , at the Christ - mas par-ty hop . she freeze . her eye cut to the backlit radio dial as the song continue . brenda lee ( cont would ) mistletoe hang where you can see , ev'ry couple try to stop - the radio shut off mid-so . she hold still , scared to move , scared to even breathe . her eye cut to the interior light as it start flicker in a weird staccato way that 's more morse code than loose wire . after a few second it stop . the second creep by on the dashboard clock . she peek over the front seat look out the back window , wonder where he highway patrol car be . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 69 . 61 continued : 61 which be when a glove fist punch through the window and haul she kick and scream out of the oldsmobile ... 62 nightmare - ext . ` 57 chevy / roadside - night ( 1958 ) 62 ... and into a sweltering summer night in the late 1950s ... what follow be brutal and hallucinatory : a series of shot that thrust we into the sicken first person Pov of a blonde young woman , 19 , in the final moment of she life . the rasp of cicadas in the treetop provide the only soundtrack to the assault , as we see : -- close on they foot , high heel and boot , do a violent two -step as he drag she along the gravel road shoulder -- handheld footage as she 's drag toward he idling patrol car -- Pov of a full moon in the tree-tops , dispassionate spectator to the assault go on on this lonely stretch of road -- close up of the cop' mouth , twisted with lust as he whisper something obscene we can not hear . -- close on he hand work it 's way up to she throat , force he thick hairy thumb between she lip and make she suck . -- Pov underneath he patrol car , as he boot kick she foot apart , and take up position between they -- the brim of he hat lift to reveal he look up with a scowl of surprise -- and the cop 's scowl curdle into a look of outrage at sight of -- -- silhouettes of old man watch on the hilltop , rouse by the commotion down on the road below -- ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 70 . 62 continued : 62 -- the cop wrench open the back door of the car , hurl she in , slam the door shut . -- he shoot a warning look in the direction of the silhouettes on the hilltop that say , " do not fuck with I ... " -- then he climb behind the wheel of he car and drive off . back to : 63 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 63 our girl 's face as she eye snap open and she bolt upright in the backseat , scare the shit out of we guy . guy thank god ! you be have some kind of seizure or someth - he do not get to finish he sentence : her eye roll back in she head and she collapse again , as if yank down by a undertow . she start violently convulsing in the cramped confines of the back seat , limb flail , foot kick window , etc . we guy try everything to wake she : shaking she shoulder , slapping she face hard . but it 's no use : the nightmare have she again . he sit back , helplessly look on . suddenly the radio snap on mid-so , scare the crap out of he . brenda lee you will get a sen-ti-men - tal fee - ling when you hear ... voice sing " let 's be jolly , deck the hall with bough of holly " ... the car 's rear window brighten with approaching headlight of a highway patrol car , it 's strobe light flooding the oldsmobile 's interior with red . from we girl 's eye go crazy in r.e.m. - pattern we -- smash CUT to : wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 71 . 64 omitted 64 A64 nightmare - ext . wood - night ( 1958 ) A64 in a series of hallucinatory shot we see the blonde's lifeless body -- shoeless , dress tear -- be drag through the undergrowth and leave in a secluded wood spot . the cop kick leave and dirt over the body , then exit . back to : 65 int . stranded oldsmobile - as before 65 close on the radio , midway through " Rockin ' around the Christmas Tree ... " we guy listen to the crunch crunch crunch of the cop 's boot outside in the snow , circle the snowbound oldsmobile . whistle along with the song that always accompany he . suddenly the dashboard air vent all OPEN simultaneously . a gust of supernaturally frigid cold blow in , like the icy breath of Old man Winter himself . White frost spread with time - lapse velocity from the air vent across the dashboard . we guy scramble up front , slapping the air vent close . begins rip off strip of duct tape to plaster over the vent to keep out the lethal chill . close on our girl as she nightmare become even more violent - smash CUT to : 66 omitted 66 a66 nightmare - ext . wood / stream - night ( 1956 ) a66 another night , and a different victim . in a series of shot we see : the black stranger plead for he life as he wrist and ankle be bound roughly with baling wire by the cop . ignoring the stranger 's desperate plea , the cop drag he by the bound wrist through the wood and shove he down a muddy incline . he splashes facedown in a shallow stream . back to : wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 72 . 67 int . stranded oldsmobile - as before 67 and we girl finally surface from the dream as if come up for air , with a huge gasp and eye wild with fear . only to find herself in a waking nightmare . the car interior flood with red . we guy terrify . girl what 's happen !? guy it 's he ! hurry ! help I ! she climb up front to help we guy frantically taping over the vent . a shadow move by the windshield and she gasp - as another shadow go by in a blur past the back window and he gasp - the assault come from everywhere at once now , the cop a elemental force , like the storm itself . skitter along the undercarriage one moment , across the metal roof the next . even appear -- fleetingly , impossibly -- in the snow on the block driver 's side window . all the electronics in the car start go crazy , power lock open and close , the interior light flicker , the dashboard clock hand spin wildly , the windshield wiper sweeping back and forth , etc . then stop all at once . even the radio snap off . Dead silence for a beat . then a odd scuttle SOUND underfoot , something crawl along the undercarriage of the car . we guy sit there freeze with fear , too scared to move , to even breathe . likewise , the girl sit nervously , watch she breath in the cold . her eye happen to wander to the rear view mirror - a blue- face dead baby stare back at she from the rear window ledge . she swing around , look back at the window . but nothing 's there . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 73 . 67 continued : 67 she turn back , he look at she with concern . unsure of she own sense , she shake he off . exhales slowly . beat . suddenly the scuttling noise outside explode into to a full - blow assault . there 's the shriek of rending metal , the thing outside begin hammering at the car 's hood , door , etc . the car give a violent shudder side - to-side toss we kid around like plastic flake in a snow globe . the radio snap back on : the saxophone solo in the Brenda Lee song , accompany the violent clang and groans of metal be tear asunder as the thing under the car rip away muffler , brake line , wrench the handle from the door , etc . brenda lee Rockin ' around , the Christmas tree , have a happy hol - i-day ... we guy clap hand over he ear so he can not hear the sound of the cop 's rage as he attack the car , fury grow and grow until it 's indistinguishable from the howling wind outside . the attack end . the red police light in the rear window fade . leave they sit there in the dark in stunne silence . girl what happen ? guy I think ... he 's go . I guess when he could not get in he give up . ( suddenly grin ) I tell you this ` 88 old be build like tank ! he turn around in the front seat to shake a bandage fist at the rear window . guy ( cont would ) ( nervous relief ) hah ! next time pick on someone drive a Hyundai - ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 74 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 she clap a hand over he mouth . girl shhh ! how do you know it 's not a trick ! he could still be out there wait - guy he 's not ! listen ! they sit in silence , listen , but hear only the wind . girl but what if he come back ..? guy we just have to stay in the car until morning . then we will be safe . that can not be more than , like , a few more hour ... someone 's bound to come along once the sun come up ... someone human I mean . think you can hold on until then ? girl ( shy ) what if , you know . we have to pee ? guy we can use the empty water bottle . from this point on , the back seat be a co-e bathroom . sound like a plan ? sound like a plan . guy ( cont would ) why do not you try to get some sleep ? I will take the next watch . she shake she head , eye full of fear . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 75 . 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 girl I do not want to sleep . he nod , understanding . so they just hunker down in the front seat , stare at the snow cover windshield , and start the long wait to morning . title card on black : 4:58 a.m. 68 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - night 68 the snow be slack off . the strand oldsmobile be now completely snowbound , a car-shape hillock of white on the roadside . 69 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 69 the interior of the car be eerily quiet , cocoon in snow . the kid sit in silence in the front seat , fight to stay awake . his face be pale , skull visible beneath the skin . she stare at the black , snow - cover windshield . girl I gotta pee ... guy again ?! she climb over into the back seat and crouch down , urinate as demurely as possible into a empty bottle . guy ( cont would ) ( teasing ) I swear , I never meet anyone who have to go so much . girl stop talk . guy you should ask Santa to bring you a bigger bladder . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 76 . 69 continued : 69 girl I be serious ! it 's hard enough do this in front of you . guy what , be you one of that people who can not pee with the bathroom door open ? girl no . but it 's not something I usually do until much later in a relationship ... she catch herself at the last second , but it 's too late : the word " relationship " hang in the air . beat . finish pee , she twist the cap on the water bottle . set it on the floor with the other urine - filled bottle . notice one bottle that do not look like the other . she climb over into the front to confront he with the urine bottle , which be tinged with pink . blood . girl ( cont would ) what the hell be this ? be this blood ? no answer . girl ( cont would ) how badly be you hurt in the crash ? guy ( shrug ) no big deal . just you average day in the nhl ... but she see through he tough - guy facade . he 's frighten . girl how long have you know ? guy since I try hike back to the gas station . you be right , I never get anywhere near it . I ( more ) ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 76a. 69 continued : ( 2 ) 69 guy ( cont would ) start hurl blood , so I turn around and come back . girl why do not you tell I ? guy I do not want to scare you - ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 77 . 69 continued : ( 3 ) 69 suddenly he go rigid in pain , he tooth clench . she look on helplessly . girl we have get to get you some help now . you will not make it to morning . I be go to try and hike back to the gas station - guy how far do you think you would get out there before run into Mr. freeze ? girl I be not go to just sit here and watch you die ! they sit there a moment in silence . she dig out she cellphone and check for a signal : no signal bar . girl ( cont would ) ( to herself ) damn it ! we need a land line ... a long beat . then she 's strike by a idea . she switch on the wiper to clear snow from the windshield . wipe at the foggy glass until she 's get enough of a peephole to peek out . guy what be you look at ? girl telephone pole . they must have a junction box or something to test the line ... there ! see that one ? she indicate a telephone pole twenty yard up from they . there 's a SMALL grey steel junction BOX near the top . guy so ? she turn , lean over the seatback to rummage among he junk in the back . she retrieve he old wall telephone , examine the jack at end of its cord . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 78 . 69 continued : ( 4 ) 69 girl so maybe there 's some way I can ... I do not know ... jack into it or something . try and call for help . guy you want to climb a telephone pole ? girl of course I do not want to ! but it 's get rung . can not be any harder than the climb wall at my gym . Big fat repair guy do it all the time , right ? right ? try to convince herself . guy but you be forget one thing ... girl what ? guy he 's out there . they both go quiet . she sit there with the phone in she lap , brood on this . until something click . girl the song ! that old Christmas song on the radio . it always come on just before he show up ... she switch on the radio . they hear elvis presley 's 1957 " Blue Christmas " play . girl ( cont would ) keep listen . if `rockin ' around the Christmas Tree ' come on , yell like hell . ( try to convince herself ) hopefully I will have enough time to get back . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 79 . 70 ext . roadside / telephone pole - high angle - night 70 look down at the strand oldsmobile from the top of the telephone pole . the grey junction BOX in the foreground . the weird humming be louder here . 71 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 71 he watch she prep for she mission out into the bitter cold . she disconnect the telephone receiver from it 's base , wrap it in its chord , stow it for safekeep under she sweater . she 's ready . guy ( weak ) I have be think ... girl what about ? guy eternal recurrence . maybe it would not be so bad . girl what would not ? guy repeating this life . over and over . exactly the same each time . girl even the last twenty - four hour ? ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 80 . 71 continued : 71 he show a weak smile . even the last twenty four hour . girl ( cont would ) yeah , but it 's even nicer to think maybe we get a chance to fix all the thing we screw up the first time around , do not you think ? they fall silent , both think about this . guy know what I would do different ? next time I would just to walk up to you after class ... and say " hey . " girl ( smile ) you should . definitely . do that . she use she sweater cuff to make clean spot on he cheek . kiss he tenderly . the kiss work it 's way to he mouth , linger a beat . they lip part . he catch she arm as she reach for the power window switch , hold tight . guy ( urgently ) do not let I die out here - she look at he with fierce eye full of determination . the look calm he , at least a little . she key the ignition , lower the passenger side window . the duct tape rip away as the window glide down , admit a mini-avalanche of powdery snow and a frigid blast of cold . she climb out . 72 ext . roadside / telephone pole - night 72 view from high atop the telephone pole she look small and vulnerable as she climb out of the oldsmobile - shape igloo . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 81 . 73 ext . roadside - night 73 a eerie hush have fall , snow muffle sound except for the occasional forlorn wail of the wind through the tree . she set out through deep powder toward the telephone pole . 74 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 74 teeth chatter , he watch through the windshield as she begin she long trek across the moonlit expanse of white . he turn up the volume on the radio , which be now play a funereal church - organ instrumental of " Silent night . " 75 ext . roadside - night 75 the deep powder make she trek difficult , and she 's soon wind . her breath plume in the frigid arctic cold . 76 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 76 close on the backlit radio dial as " Silent night " conclude . in between static we hear a pre-record public service announcement . radio psa the State weather Bureau have issue a extreme cold warning ... 77 ext . roadside - night 77 she lean into the wind as it gust , the cold bring tear to she eye . she put she head down and soldier on . radio psa ( o.s. ) ... resident of carbon County be advise to seek shelter as sub-zero temperature produce wind chill in excess of twenty below ... 78 ext . roadside / telephone pole - night 78 arrive at the base of the telephone pole , she peer up at the grey junction BOX high above . from here the top of the ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 82 . 78 continued : 78 telephone pole look much higher than it do from the car . and the iron rung look a lot narrower , too . she 's lose she nerve . she glance back to check no police light be come . steel herself . then put she foot on the first rung and haul herself up . 79 int . stranded oldsmobile - that moment 79 close on the radio , where , between increasingly long snatch of static we can just discern gene autry 's version of " here come Santa Claus . " 80 ext . roadside / telephone pole - as before 80 the rung be icy , force she to climb slower than she would like . she keep she eye forward , never once look down . when the wind gust she pause and wait for it to subside . she 's midway to the top when she foot slip on a icy rung . she clutches the pole tightly , wind whistling in she ear . she wait until she heart slow and she 's recover from she near fall . then look up to gauge the distance leave to the junction BOX . keeps climb . she reach the last rung at the top of the telephone pole . it 's noisy up here , thanks to the wind and the icy telephone wire , source of the mysterious humming she 's be hearing . she try the little metal door of the grey junction BOX . lock . girl no !!! she fumble in she coat , take out the scissor , use they to try and pry open the junction box ( which turn out to be freeze shut , not lock after all . ) it finally yield , open . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 83 . 80 continued : 80 revealing a rat 's nest of multicolor wire and phone jack . hurrying now , she tug she glove off with she tooth , and with she bare hand retrieve the cord - wrap receiver from inside she sweater . in she effort to juggle all this item she lose she grip on the scissor ... which drop all the way down to disappear in the snow below . she concentrate now on the receiver . but she finger be so clumsy from the cold , she fumble it . and the receiver fall too . then jerk to a stop a few foot below as it reach the limit of its cord . which she 's manage to catch . she wind the receiver up by its cord , finally plug the jack - end into the junction box . hear a dial tone . girl ( cont would ) ( stunne she do it ) oh my god ! teeth chatter she thumb " 0 " for the operator . girl ( cont would ) ( as it ring ) please please please please please - on the third ring a operator answer . operator ( filter ) nine-one - one emergency response . girl thank god ! hi! hello ! we need help ! operator ( filter ) what 's that ? can you repeat - girl we be on highway 606 ! oh god , please hurry ! we need help ! my friend be hurt - operator can you repeat you - ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 84 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 girl hello ? hello ? the connection SPARKS and she feel a small shock that make she drop the phone . when she retrieve it and hold it back to she ear the line be dead . no way of know if she message get through . it 's a moment of such soul - crush despair she shut she eye and lean she head against the pole , as if want to just quietly die up here thirty foot above the earth . 81 int . stranded oldsmobile - that moment 81 close on the radio play nothing but static now . 82 ext . roadside / telephone pole - as before 82 her eye open , and she commence climb back down to earth . she reach the second set of rung from the bottom and drop the last several foot . the snow do little to cushion she fall and she go sprawling , lay there for a daze moment . she start crawl on all four back toward the strand old . suddenly she stop as she come upon - a woman' bare feet stand in the snow , vein visible through gravid skin . a thick spatter of mud land on the bare foot . we girl raise she eye to see - a dead woman it 's the blonde we see rape and murder in the summer of 1958 . her dress be in tatter ruin , coat in leave and dirt like someone recently exhume from a shallow grave . her head be twisted at a unnatural angle on a break neck . we girl gasp and scramble to she foot , flee . only to stop dead in she track as she nearly collide with - two dead teenage boy ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 85 . 82 continued : 82 the joyride teens kill on Christmas Eve 1958 . both wear blood - soak letterman jacket bear the distinctive cougar insignia and stand in a post - accident haze . one 's chest be concave , stove - in by the impact with the steering wheel . the other 's tooth be visible where he cheek have be tear away . she reel away in horror , force to take the long way back to the oldsmobile . she run the last few yard to the car where we can hear the eerie sound of static emanate from the radio as she hurl herself - 83 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 83 Inside . safe ! she sit there , out of breath . she glance over quickly at we guy , gravely pale , slump unconscious behind the steering wheel . she chafe she hand to get the circulation go again . she turn down the volume on the radio . girl ( chatter tooth ) - I do it - get through - but I do not know how much she understand - the operator I mean - he do not respond . girl ( cont would ) - just have to hope - maybe - they can trace the line - when this too get no response from he she look over , frown . she scoot a little closer across the front seat toward he . which be when we see - he ghost stand outside the car , slack - expression and stare . he stand there a beat , then drift off into the night . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 86 . 83 continued : 83 girl ( cont would ) hang in there , can not be much longer ... she reach to jostle he awake . one touch confirm she worst fear . she reach up to switch on the interior light , to get a better look at he . girl ( cont would ) oh god ! her reaction be so sudden and violent and overwhelming it seem for a moment she 's go to be sick . she cover she mouth , muffle a cry of raw - throat terror . then shake he again , harder this time , desperate to wake he . girl ( cont would ) no! please ! do not leave I alone ! tear spill down she cheek as she fight hysteria . she shake he harder . his inert body spill to one side , slumping against she . her grief turn to something else , instinctive and immediate : revulsion , at the feel of he cold dead weight against she . she scramble across the front seat to put as much distance as she can between herself and the corpse . cower against the passenger door . the interior light flicker out as the battery finally die . 84 ext . stranded oldsmobile / roadside - moment later 84 the door open and she back out , haul the dead body after she . her face be red , tear-streaked . girl ( cry ) sorry ... sorry ... I be sorry ... she strain to move he dead weight . her foot slip on the ice and she let go of he , catch herself on the open door . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 87 . 84 continued : 84 she grab the body under the armpit , haul with all she strength . drag he a few yard away from the oldsmobile . his boot heel ploughing twin gouge in the snow . behind she , gravity pull the heavy car door shut with a soft thunk . suddenly she foot go out from under she as she hit a patch of ice . she go down hard on she ass , sprawling . sit there a beat , as - headlight appear on the dark horizon . we see they a split - second before she do ... he 's come . when she glimpsis the oncoming headlight out of the corner of she eye she turn she head slowly in they direction , and for a instant it almost seem as if they do not register . then she eye widen in terror , she let out a small whimper , and leap into action . she scramble to she foot and make a mad dash toward the oldsmobile - only to find when she tug on the handle that it 's stuck . she yank on it harder , get frantic now , as - the headlight get brighter , bear down , close enough now that we can hear the roar of the oncoming engine . she kick the handle , tug with all she might , rock the car but not succeed in get the door open . as the headlight become blinding ... suddenly there 's the sound of brake be engage , and the headlight slow to a stop just a few yard shy of where she 's stand in the middle of the road . she shield she eye with a upraise hand . it 's a snowplow . the snowplow driver , 5as , stick he head out the window . snowplow driver you kid okay ? she 's too stunne to speak . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 88 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 title card on black : 5:43 a.m. 85 ext . snowplow / roadside - night 85 the snowplow driver be a hale townie dress like a high school principal on a hunt trip . he and we girl transfer we guy 's lifeless body to the back seat of the snowplow . 86 int . snowplow - continuous 86 Inside the cab it 's blessedly warm . the dashboard panel , gps and cb radio be light up like a Christmas tree . while the snowplow driver test the front tire chain , we girl check on we guy 's body . the snowplow driver climb up behind the wheel , give she a sympathetic look . pick up the c.b. microphone . snowplow driver ( to c.b. ) dispatch , come in ... dispatch ( radio ) go ahead ... snowplow driver I be out at the site of that report accident on 606 . one of they do not make it . I be take the other directly to the trauma unit in hadleyville . dispatch ( radio ) copy that . the driver put the snowplow in gear and set off drive . her eye cut to the - sideview mirror where she see the stranded oldsmobile recede in the distance . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 89 . 87 ext . route 606 - night 87 the snowplow cruise along , its plow blade throw twin white rooster 's tail of ice and snow to either side . 88 int . snowplow - night 88 she stare blankly out the window at the snow swirl in the headlight . the snowplow driver make small - talk to help pass the time . snowplow driver be some real bad accident on this road over the year . when I be grow up , there be a family from New York City find out here froze solid - quick CUT to : 89 ext . stranded volvo - day ( 1970 ) 89 Three blue corpse sit in the car : mother , father , infant . they gape mouth freeze open in a silent rictus scream . back to : 90 int . snowplow - as before 90 the snowplow driver shake he head at the eerie memory . snowplow driver ... fire department have to hose they down with hot water for two hour to thaw they out . I remember back in high school there be a stupid rumor go around if you go drive out here on moonless night and look up in you rearview , you might see the dead baby in you backseat ... she frown at this , remind of she earlier vision . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 90 . 90 continued : 90 girl what about that ruin up on the hill ? the retirement home for old priest ? snowplow driver tragic story . Winter of ` 61 they be all find froze to death in they bed ... quick CUT to : 91 &amp ; 92 omitted 91 &amp ; 92 93 int . dormitory - night ( 1960 ) 93 elderley priest lie motionless in they bed , face freeze in blue rictus deathmask . back to : 94 int . snowplow - as before 94 the snowplow driver squint out at the murky horizon ahead . snowplow driver must have be a pilot on the boiler go out , or something ... close on we girl , processing this . she have she suspicion the truth be not as simple as a pilot light blow out . snowplow driver ( cont would ) actually , there 's no big mystery why this be such a bad stretch of road for motorist . you get low - lie fog that get trap in the valley , reduce visibility to - just then bright headlight appear out of the pre-dawn gloom . snowplow driver ( cont would ) who in the hell be out drive in this mess ? he scowl , raise a meaty hand to shield he eye . a dread look of dj vu cross we girl 's face . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 91 . 94 continued : 94 she know . snowplow driver ( cont would ) must be Tom mcclintic . only fellow I know who life way out here ... he reach for the c.b. mike , thumb the switch . snowplow driver ( cont would ) ( into microphone ) Tom , be that you ? girl it 's not Tom ... and as the oncoming headlight of the highway patrolman get brighter , she calmly buckle she seatbelt . 95 ext . route 606 - that moment 95 the oncoming car roar down the middle of the pickup 's lane , the distance between the speed vehicle close fast . the game of chicken be fast approach the point of no return . 96 int . snowplow - as before 96 they watch the oncoming headlight . snowplow driver do not this stupid son of a gun realize we be bigger than he ?! no way he 's go to win this fight ! he blast he horn , but the headlight just keep come . she brace for impact . at the last possible moment the snowplow driver jerk the wheel hard to the right . 97 ext . route 606 - night 97 series of shot : - the snowplow fishtail out of control , its plow blade slice through snow and ice until metal bite blacktop , throw up SPARKS . - the 1950s highway patrol car ( the highway patrolman behind the wheel ) veer off in the opposite direction . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 92 . 97 continued : 97 - the snowplow flipping ass-over-teakettle - Inside the snowplow the world somersault , we guy 's body throw halfway out of the shattered windshield onto the hood . - the highway patrol car skid off the side of the road and drop from sight , crash with a splash somewhere in the darkness . - as the snowplow come to a rest right - side up on its tire as we - smash to black 98 ext . precipice / ravine - later 98 the wrecked snowplow have end up on the edge of the ravine where the highway patrol car disappear . there 's a metallic groan of hinge as the snowplow 's driver 's side door open and the snowplow driver , daze but unhurt , climb out . he call down into the gloom below , where we hear the faint sound of the highway patrol car 's radio play " Rockin ' around the Christmas Tree . " snowplow driver hang on , officer , I be come ... then he begin to make he way down . 99 int . wrecked snowplow - that moment 99 we girl rouse from she post-accident daze . see the body of we guy throw through the windshield . she ease it back inside and onto the seat beside she . she look up in time to see through the windshield - the snowplow driver make he way down the steep slippery ice- and -leaf - cover embankment . her eye go wide as she suddenly realize where he 's head . girl no !!! she unbuckle she seatbelt , throw open the passenger door , exit . wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 93 . 100 ext . snowplow / roadside - night 100 the instant she set foot outside she stop dead , the blood rush from she face and she eye go wide in disbelief . pan 360 -degree to reveal a landscape she know all - too - well : the strand ` 88 oldsmobile . the telephone pole she climb . they have not go anywhere . no time to puzzle it out . the sound of the snowplow driver make he way down the embankment o.s. stir she to action . 101 ext . ravine - continuous 101 she start down the steep snowy embankment after the snowplow driver , who be now far enough below to be out of sight . girl ( call down ) wait ! do not go down there ! stop ! suddenly the snowy leave give way under she and she slip . land hard and slide the rest of the way down on she ass . 102 ext . bottom of ravine - continuous 102 she come to a stop thirty foot below at the bottom of the ravine beside the surprised snowplow driver . and the highway patrol car . it 's rest on its roof in the snow at the bottom of the ravine , wheel in the air . it look like a overturn beetle . something move in its front seat . the snowplow driver call to the trapped highway patrolman . snowplow driver hang on , officer ! we will get you out ! she catch he arm to stop he . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 94 . 102 continued : 102 girl no !!! do not go near it !!! snowplow driver what !!? we have to get he out of there ... smoke rise from the car 's gas tank , a small FIRE burn . girl do not matter ! he 's already dead ! snowplow driver what the hell be you talk about ? Inside the overturn car the trap highway patrolman struggle . his hat have fall off and float in the icy water flooding the car , threaten to short the radio . which be play the same song as Christmas Eve fifty - seven year earlier . " Rockin ' around the Christmas Tree . " despite be pin upside - down and in pain from injury sustained in the accident , he chuckle at he predicament . we realize he 's be drink . as he struggle to free himself the cop look in the direction of the snowplow driver and we girl . highway patrolman should have know you vulture would turn up ... snowplow driver try not to move , officer , you might have a neck injury . but the cop continue to struggle , pain sober he . highway patrolman what be you wait for , a letter from the Bishop ? suddenly it dawns on we girl that he be not talk to they . also that they be not alone . wide to reveal - a dozen elderly priest in black winter coat and fedora be stand all around they on the snowy embankment , face grim . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 95 . 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 the resident of St. Christopher 's Home for retired clergy . suddenly there 's a whoosh as the engine fire spread across the car 's undercarriage , move toward the fuel tank . the priest exchange a look , reach some silent decision . the leader of the elderly priest come forward . highway patrolman ( cont would ) hurry it up , I smell gas ... the snowplow driver stand there , confuse by what he 's witness . the old priest crouch down , reach through the open window past the trap highway patrolman . rip out the chatter two - way radio by its cord . the cop 's face register disbelief , then fury , as he realize the priest be not go to help he . be in fact condemn he for year of crime commit on this stretch of road . highway patrolman ( cont would ) ( struggle ) oh no you do not ! you bastard have no right to sit in judgement of I . I know what you be think but I have nothing to do with that drunk girl 's disappearance . I see she home safely . just ask the County investigator . and anything else you think you see ? all of it be lawfully do ! he sputter as gasoline drip on he face from above . another whoosh , blue flame spread out from the fuel line . the cop smell smoke , a plead note enter he voice now . highway patrolman ( cont would ) please , father ... for the love of Christ have mercy on a poor sinner ! there 's a SMALL explosion , and the inside of the car start fill with flame and black smoke . the trap highway patrolman begin burn alive , cursing . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 96 . 102 continued : ( 3 ) 102 highway patrolman ( cont would ) goddamn you filthy bastard ! you think you will be rid of I !? you will never be rid of I !! I will be you worst nightmare !! I will be - the rest be lose in a second larger explosion . flame flicker on the elderly face of the priest gather here to bear mute witness . they watch the burn patrol car for a moment longer , then one by one climb the embankment . CUT to : a103 ext . roadside - night ( 1958 ) a103 Christmas , 1958 . the crash scene we see depict in the news clipping . the wreck `55 crown VIC . priest administer last rights two the two teens in letter jacket : one already dead , the other breathe he last breath . back to : b103 ext . bottom of ravine - as before b103 we girl and the rattle snowplow driver stand there in the silence and the flicker firelight from the burn car . girl come on . we can go now . it 's over . the snowplow driver , stunne , speechless , can only stand there and nod . suddenly - the cop launch himself out of the window of the overturn car at they . skin peel and blacken , he start crawl over the rock , drag he paralyze lower body after they . the snowplow driver 's eye go wide and he stand roote in place , unable to move . she grab he by the arm , pull he away . girl ( cont would ) move !! ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 97 . b103 continued : b103 he come to he sense , stagger up the embankment after she . he lose he foot on the icy rock and go sprawling . as the cop seize he around the leg , and start crawl up the length of he body . we hear the sizzle of instant frostbite , the frost spread with time - lapse speed up the snowplow driver 's limb as he shriek in agony . until even he shriek be frozen in he lung . angle on our girl as she begin scramble up the snowy slope away from the horror below . suddenly she lose she grip and start to slide back down on she belly toward the cop a dozen foot below . she whimper , finger clutching at anything . finally she succeed , manage to haul herself up the steep embankment , climb with everything she 's get leave in she until she reach the road . 103 ext . top of the ravine / wrecked snowplow - night 103 she haul herself up from the gloomy abyss , wrench the driver side door open and scramble inside - 104 int . wrecked snowplow - continuous 104 she pull the door close , twist the key in the ignition . nothing . girl ( urgently ) come on , come on ! she try again . and again . but the engine be dead . just then she notice the " power " light glow on the c.b . she duck under the dashboard , retrieve the microphone , sit up again - the cop . unscathed . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 98 . 104 continued : 104 stand right outside the snowplow , restore to he former glory , grin at she . then the smile curdle . he reach through the shattered window . grabbing for she . she scrabble just out of reach . pin herself against the opposite door . cornere . suddenly - guy get away from she , you bastard ! and our guy ghost appear out of the gloom . he swing a crowbar into the cop 's skull . and , just like before , there 's a violent flash of light and - smash CUT to : 105 int . stranded oldsmobile - night 105 it 's like someone press reset . she 's back inside the stranded oldsmobile , seat beside the body of we guy . her panicked breathe turn into hyperventilation as she realize all effort to escape the road be futile . suddenly she spot something through the windshield that cause she breath to catch - our guy ghost head down the road toward the tree . she gasp . start sobbing . throw open the door and scramble out . 106 ext . stranded oldsmobile - continuous 106 the sky be show the first sign of approach dawn . she watch our guy ghost move into the wood , back toward the direction from which they come . ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 99 . 106 continued : 106 she stand there , exhaust , spend . suddenly - a familiar song begin to chime on she cellphone ringtone : cellphone ( " Rockin around the x-mas Tree ... " ) ding-da-da ding , da -ding da-ding ... her eye widen in terror . she fumble out the cellphone . stabs the " off " button with she thumb . she instinctively start back to the strand oldsmobile - stop - look at the ghost . and in that moment decide , for better or worse , to follow he . she take off down the road . we follow as she hurry to catch up with we guy 's ghost . girl ( cry ; breathless ) wait ! she 's close enough now to hear that he 's mumbling something . guy ghost ... I would have tell you everything eventually ... exhausted , she 's have trouble keep up with he . girl I know . guy ghost ... then it would not be stalkerish . girl ( out of breath ) I know ! guy ghost ... it would just be this sweet funny story we would have ... ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 100 . 106 continued : ( 2 ) 106 but it 's no use . she stop try to keep up and pause briefly , devastate , catch she breath . then she push on in the direction he go . time dissolve : it 's almost light out now , and she' alone , staggering along the road as quickly as she exhaust state allow . it 's like run in a dream , never fast enough to outdistance a unseen pursuer . but then she hear it - the highway . she can not believe she 's make it back to civilization . fade to black . 107 ext . penn - way quick mart - morning 107 the gas pump be crowded with emergency vehicle and personnel . the morning calm be break by the beep beep beep of truck back up , the bleet of arrive ambulance , the constant chatter of two - way radio . our girl be seat in the back of a open ambulance with a blanket drape around she shoulder , allow emt to treat she frostbite . she watch attendant from the county morgue zip the body of we guy and the snowplow driver into bodybags . suddenly she remember she cellphone , and take it out . insert cellphone display -- it 's the digital picture of our guy when she first meet he , asleep behind the wheel of the ` 88 old in student parking . back to scene she close she cellphone . the emt help she into the passenger seat of the ambulance . as the ambulance drive off we crane up to see ... ( continued ) wind chill - yellow revision 2/23/05 101 . 107 continued : 107 in the distance , the haunt road snake through the white forest . end film roll credit