winter's bone by debra granik Anne rosellini base on the novel winter be bone by Daniel woodrell open montage Wide shot of a wintry hollow with a lone trailer and a american flag fly . sonny , a boy of 12 , and he sister , ashlee , 6 , bounce on trampoline , play with kitten , and horse around on a skateboard . singer ( 0.s . ) ( sing ) Way down in Missouri when I hear this melody , when I be just a little baby on my mama 's knee the old folk be hum , the banjos be strumm so sweet and low . hushabye my baby , go to sleep on mama 's knee journey back to this old hill in dream again with I it seem like you mama be there once again and the old folk be strumm that same old refrain ashlee help she sister , ree , 17 , hang laundry . ree button ashlee 's doll 's dress , hand it to she sister , and then pick up the full laundry basket . singer ( 0.s . ) ( sing ) Way down in Missouri where I hear this lullaby , when the star be blink and the moon be shine high and I hear mama call as in day long ago sing hushabye . ree let 's go . title : winter 's bone ( over image of tree branch ) int . ree 's house - morning ree splashes she face in the kitchen sink and dry it ona towel . Radio play softly in the background . across the room , ashlee be sleep under a blanket on the couch . ree ( whisper ) ashlee Dawn ! ashlee pounce on she brother sleep in the chair . ashlee wake up ! wake up ! ashlee pounce again . ree drop fat into a hot skillet . she cut a potato and drop the piece into the hiss fat . the radio music become a newscast report the cold weather condition . ashlee , wrap in a blanket , watch ree at the stove . ree Morning . ashlee Morning . ree open the fridge and poke around for something to give the dog . she take out a bowl , smell what 's inside and hand it to ashlee . ree better than nothing . ashlee head outside to give the dog he food . ext . ree 's house - moment later ashlee carry the dog 's food across the yard . nickdog , the family hound , greet she enthusiastically . she place the bowl on the ground . int . ree 's house - bathroom - continuous ree comb she mother 's wet hair . a hymn play on the radio . sonny enter , hold a dog . ree who 's this ? sonny peanut butter . ree where have you find peanut butter ? sonny in the wood . ree he 's sweet . ree and she mother pet the dog . ext . dirt road - day ree , sonny , ashlee and two dog be walk to school . ree spell ' house 's . ashlee h-o - ree a-woo . ashlee U - a ? ree uh uh . ashlee U. ree ssssss . ashlee s-e ree h-o-u-s-e . Seven plus two . ashlee nine . good . int . school , child 's classroom - day ashlee do a art project at a table with other child . ree watch she and then walk down the hallway to the high school wing of the k - 12 school . int . school , teen classroom - day a parent class . the student each hold a mechanical baby and follow the teacher 's instruction . ree watch from the hallway . teacher transfer . careful . cradle the head . and then take he to you shoulder . so he 's up a little bit higher , but you be still support the head . make sure you hold this right under ... Shots of the teens in the class earnestly try to hold they model baby correctly . int . school hallway - day rotc student march down hallway with rifle and turn to enter the gym . ree approach from the opposite direction . voice on p.a. system ( 0.s. ) could I have you attention , please ? forsyth misouri chapter of the family , consumer and career leader of America ... one of ree 's former classmate see she and wave . rotc girl in hallway hey , ree . voice on p.a. system ( 0.s. ) +. will meet this Friday at 3:00 pm in Mrs. Blair 's room . rotc drill leader ( 0.s. ) Front and Center . int school hallway - day from a doorway we see rotc student drilling in the gym . ree watch they through the window . voice on p.a. system ( 0.s. ) Truman University will be here next Monday at 8:45 . rotc drill leader 2 forward , march ! voice on p.a. system ( 0.s. ) if you would like to attend , please sign up in the counselor 's office . rotc drill leader 2 forward , march ! rotc drill leader ( 0.s. ) alignment ... voice on p.a. system ( 0.s. ) the Marine Corps birthday Ball will be this Saturday evening . all rotc cadet and they family be encourage to attend . ree sign up at a clipboard . ext . blond milton 's yard - day sonya , ree 's relative , be feed she horse in she barn area . Sonya and she husband live across the holler from ree 's family . sonya ( to the horse ) alright . ext . ree 's yard - day ree lead a horse across a wintry yard to Sonya 's barn area . ext . blond milton 's yard - day ree walk towards the barn . ree hi Sonya . sonya hey ree . Sonya put down the pitchfork and face ree . sonya you and the kid alright ? ree we be just a little short on cash right now . sonya how long 's it be since the horse eat ? ree about four day . sonya that hay get kind of expensive , do not it ? ree yes mar ’am . ( beat ) actually , I be wonder if you could keep she with yours ? after a long pause , Sonya open the gate to the pasture and usher ree 's horse in to join the other . sonya ( to ree 's horse ) alright , Ginger , come on in . come on . there you go . have a little bit of that . come on . get go . ree thank you , Sonya . sonya alright . ree take a last look at she horse and retrace she step across the yard . ext . ree 's yard - day ree chop wood . she 's get headphone on and the music be fueling she chopping . there be the sound of a car approach . nickdog bark and run across the yard to greet the car . ree 's relative , Sonya and she husband , blond milton , be skin a deer in they yard . they look up to see who 's approach . as the car get closer , ree can see that it be a police car . she throw down she axe and approach the car as it pull to a stop . sheriff baskin , 30' , get out . ree climb the porch step and block the front door of she house . ext . reeas house , porch - day sheriff baskin how be you today ? ree do not answer . sheriff baskin ask I inside . I need to talk some with you mama . ree open the door and step aside . ree she do not talk much . sheriff baskin enter the house . sheriff baskin ( 0.s. ) ma ’am ? I be wonder if I could ask you a few question . ( beat ) ma ' be ? ree can hear that she mother be not respond . baskin return to the porch . ree you better just tell I . baskin position himself directly across from ree and lean against the porch post . sheriff baskin you know you daddy 's out on bond , do not you ? ree so what ? sheriff baskin look like he 's be cooking again . ree I know that 's the charge you laid on he , but you be not prove it on he . you get to prove it every time . sheriff baskin well , that will not be no hard thing to do . but that be not even why I be here . his court date 's next week , and I can not seem to turn he up . ree maybe he see you and duck . sheriff baskin that could be . but where you all come into this be , he put this house here , and you timber acre up for he bond . ree he what now ? sheriff baskin jessup sign over everything . if he do not show at trial , see , the way the deal work be , you all gonna lose this place . ( more ) 10 . sheriff baskin ( cont would ) ( beat ) you get some place to go ? shock course through ree , but she try to mask it . ree I will find he . sheriff baskin girl , I have be lookin’ . ree I say I 'il find he . baskin look out across the property . he see blond milton scoping he out . after a moment baskin turn to leave . sheriff baskin you make sure you daddy know the gravity of this deal . baskin drive away . blond milton and Sonya resume skin they deer . sonny carry split wood to the porch and stand next to ree , watch Sonya and blond cut down the hang meat in they yard . sonny maybe they 's 1ll share some of that with we . ree that could be . sonny maybe we should ask . ree look at she little brother , hold he chin in she hand . ree never ask for what oughtta be offer . int . ree 's house - evening ashlee and sonny be warming themselves by the wood stove . Sonya enter , carry in a large cardboard box that have a venison bone jutting above the rim . 11 . sonya even , ree . ree even . sonya kid . hey , connie . do not want you to think we have forget y’all . Sonya set the box on the counter . sonya bring you some meat , some potato , and some stuff for a good stew , anyway . ree thank you . we can use it . sonya see you woodpile 's low out front . we get that splitter up there in the yard . you should use it . ree I 'il do that . sonya we see the law be out here this afternoon . everything alright ? ree he 's hunt for dad . sonny , listen to the conversation , look up . sonya hunting jessup be he ? you know where he 's at ? ree no . sonya you sure about that ? ree yes . 12. sonya alright , alright , well I guess you do not have nothing to tell he , then , do you ? ree I would not tell he nothing if I do . sonya oh , we know that . I be gonna let you get to it , alright ? Sonya leave abruptly , wave goodbye to connie and pull the door shut behind she . ree look at she brother and sister . ree how about some deer stew - that sound good ? ashlee mmm hmm . ree alright , both of you need to get over here and watch how I make it . ext . rural road - day ree walk along a brambly road and turn off into a driveway . ext . gail be house , porch - day ree cross the yard and climb a porch . she knock on the door and stand , wait . she can hear thrash metal music come from inside . the door be open by gail , 17 , hold she baby ned . gail thank god it 's you , sweet pea , and not floyd 's mommy and daddy again . they two watch I like I do something wrong . 13. int . gail be house , live room - day floyd , 18 , be pull on the boot to he atv outfit . floyd would you hush you mouth about they . they put a roof over you head be not they ? ree hey , floyd . you gonna invite I in ? or I could just stay out here and talk to you . floyd yeah , you can come in . ree step inside the house and walk past floyd to the kitchen . int . gail 's house , kitchen - day gail hold ned . she hug ree . ree hey . gail hey . ree take in ned and the fact that she best friend now have a baby . shit . gail do not start . come on . gail carry ned down the narrow hall to the bedroom . ree follow . int . gail be house , bedroom - day ree flop down on the bed . gail lie down next to she , put ned between they . 14 . gail it 's be a while , sweet pea . ree thing stack up be all . gail what 's go on ? ree the sheriff come by look for my dad . if he do not show up for he court date , we be gonna lose the house . gotta get down to the Arkansas line . gail I gotta ask he . it 's he truck . gail get up and leave the room . ree hold ned while gail talk to floyd . gail return . gail he say no . ree do you tell he I would spring for gas ? gail I tell he . he still will not . ree why not ? gail he never say why not to I , ree . he just say no . ree man , that 's so sad to hear you say he will not let you do something , and then you do not do it . gail it 's different once you be marry . gail flop back onto the bed . 15 . ree it really must be . Cause you be not never use to eat no shit . gail ned need he nap . gail take ned from ree 's arm . gail ( whisper to baby ) come here . ree leave and gail watch she go . ext . wood - day ree trek up a wood hill . ext . teardrop 's yard - day ree enter the yard , greet by dog . victoria , 30' , open the door of a rough-hewn brown paint cabin . victoria what bring you here ? somebody dead ? ree I be look for my dad . Victoria hold the door for ree and beckon she inside . victoria come on in . shake off the chill . ree enter the house , follow by Victoria . int . teardrop 's house , kitchen - day ree and Victoria enter kitchen . victoria let 's keep it quiet . teardrop 's still lay up in bed . 16 . ree take off she coat and sit down at the table . Victoria pour two cup of coffee . ree the law come by today . dad sign over everything to he bond . Victoria , I really gotta run dad down to get he to show . ree 's uncle , teardrop , 40 's , a wear , unshaven man enter . he light a cigarette and cross the room . teardrop you ought not do that . do not go run after jessup . teardrop sit at the table . teardrop ( cont 'd ) show or do not show that choice be up to the one go to jail , not you . ree you know where he 's at , do not you ? teardrop where a man 's at be not necessarily for you to know neither . ree but you do ... teardrop abruptly shoot a warning look at ree . teardrop I be not see he . Victoria place a cup of coffee in front of he . silence while ree contemplate she next move . ree could be run around with Little Arthur and they , you think ? teardrop absentmindedly load the magazine of a pistol . 17 . teardrop do not you ever go down around Little Arthur 's ask they people about shit they be not offer to talk about . that 's a real good way to end up et by hog , or wishing you be . ree we be all related be not we ? teardrop continue to fiddle with the pistol . teardrop we relation get water kinda thin between here and Little Arthur 's . teardrop toss the pistol onto the lazy susan in the middle of the table . victoria you know all that people , teardrop . you could ask . teardrop shut up . victoria none of they 's gonna be in a great big hurry to tangle with you . teardrop I say shut up once already with my mouth . teardrop get up and walk across the kitchen to the stove with he back to ree . ree Jesus , dad 's you only brother . teardrop spin back to face she . 18 . teardrop you think I forget that ? hmm ? jessup and I run together for come on forty year but I do not know where he 's at , and I be not go to go around ask after he neither . Victoria try to cut the tension by change the subject . victoria ree , you still plan to join the army ? ree no , I do not think I can any more . ( to teardrop ) listen ... teardrop lunge at ree , grab she hair and pull she face back to look at he . he lean he face in very close to hers . teardrop ( shaking he head ) no . he let she go and exit the kitchen . Victoria lock eye with ree , then follow teardrop . ree , sit at the table , can hear they muffle voice from the next room . she rise and put on she coat as they argue . victoria ( 0.s. ) she need help . teardrop ( 0.s. ) nope . nope. listen . listen ! you tell that girl to stay close to home . do not move . give she this . you send she ass on she way right now . Victoria come back into the kitchen . 19 . victoria teardrop say you best keep you ass real close to the willow , dear . he hope this help . Victoria press a wad of bill into ree 's hand . she slip a joint out of she cigarette package . victoria ( cont ’d ) here 's a doobie for you walk . ree take the joint . ree thank you . Victoria stare at ree as she leave . ext . rural field - late afternoon ree hike across a ruddy pasture strewn with dilapidate shed . ext . rural road - late afternoon ree cross the road and head up a hill . ext . megan 's yard - late afternoon ree enter a yard with laundry hang on a line . a donkey be graze on the other side of the fence . a half - eat apple have roll out of he reach . she pick it up and feed it to the donkey . megan , 20 , come out onto the porch and call out to ree . megan hey ! what 's you business here ? ree my dad 's , jessup . he 's pal with Little Arthur , and I gotta find he . megan stare ree down , take a long time to answer . megan hold on . 20 . megan go inside the house . ree take in the detail of the yard . the wind strike up , ominous clanking sound surround she . megan come back out with she coat on , approach ree , and guide she through the densely pack debris in the yard . megan my name 's megan , and I do know you , really . see you at some of the reunion . I know jessup when I see he , too . never do talk with he much . ree you know he ? megan knew he when I see he around , I mean . he do stuff I hear about . ree he cook crank . megan they all do now . you do not even need to say it out loud . int . little arthur 's house - afternoon little arthur , mid-30s , nervously look out he window . ext . little arthur 's yard - afternoon megan and ree approach Little Arthur 's house . megan if Arthur 's be runnin 's on crank for a day or two , you should just leave , okay ? the door open and Little Arthur smile at ree. little arthur I know it - I be in you dream , be not I , little ruthie ? 21 . ree it 's ree , you asshole . and I be only out to find dad . little arthur come on in , lady . ree push past megan and enter the house . megan follow . int . little arthur 's house - afternoon no fresh light make its way through the window . Little Arthur show affection to he pet ferret , tapping on the glass of the tank . ree and megan hover near the door and watch he from the other side of the room . ree this do not gotta take long , man . I be look for dad and think maybe you have be see he , maybe you two be get into stuff together again . he turn away from the ferret and sit on the couch . little arthur not since the summer . at y’all 's place . ree you be not see he nowhere since then ? little arthur huh-uh . ree he keep leavin 's the house goin 's someplace - you do not know where ? little arthur you get cat shit in you ear , girl ? ree I have get they two boy and Mom to tend , man . I need he . 22 . little arthur if I see the dude , I x11 tell he you say that . Little Arthur light a cigarette , he hand shaking . megan you dad leave you to do all that ? that 's fuck up . ree well , he have to , the way thing go , you know . ree stare at Arthur . he lurch forward on the couch . little arthur you want a line ? ree no . little arthur you wanna blow some smoke ? ree no . Little Arthur slap the table and stand up . little arthur then I guess I get nothing for you . he wave he hand to dismiss they . little arthur ( cont 'd ) go on ! ree and megan waste no time leave . Arthur watch they go . ext . lonestar road - afternoon megan and ree walk up the road . megan do not tell nobody it be I who tell you this , okay ? ( more ) 23 . megan ( cont would ) but you be go to have to go on up the hill and ask for a talk with thump milton . now , I hope he 'il talk with you - he generally will not . ree that man , scare I way more than the rest . megan well , scared be not a bad way to be about he , neither , hon . he 's my own granpaw , and I still make damn sure I never piss he off none . they continue walk until they reach megan 's property . ext . megan 's yard - afternoon megan you go see thump . megan hold down a barb wire fence to allow ree to climb over it . megan ( cont 'd ) go on . ree head up the hill while megan watch she go . ext . wood - afternoon ree trudge through the wood . dry leave and branch crackle under she footstep as she make she way . ext . thump milton 's yard - afternoon merab , 50 's , come out to the porch of she house . ree cross the yard . dog herald she arrival with loud bark . merab you have get the wrong place , I expect . who might you be ? ree I be ree. my dad 's jessup dolly . 24 . merab gesture for ree to come closer . ree take a few step towards the porch . merab you be not here for trouble , be you ? ree no , mar ’am . merab Cause one of my nephew be buster leroy , and do not he shoot you daddy one time ? ree yes be , but that be not get nothing to do with I . they settle all that theirselves , I think . merab shoot he likely settle it . what be it you want ? ree I get a real bad need to talk with thump . merab and he be not get no need to talk to you . merab turn away towards she doorway . ree but I need to . I really , really get to mar ’am . please ! merab turn around to face ree . ree ( cont 'd ) some of we blood at least be the same . ai not that s'pose to mean something 's - be not that what be always say ? merab , irritate , move to confront ree. 25 . merab ai not you get no man could do this ? ree no , ma ’am , I do not . merab you go wait in the yard somewhere by that coop , and I 'il tell thump you be here . ree thank you . ree walk in the direction of the chicken coop . merab go inside . ext . thump milton 's yard - afternoon ree find a place to sit next to the coop . the camera linger on the various thing ree notice as she wait . ree ( to herself ) come on , already . ext . thump milton 's yard - late afternoon merab come back outside carry a mug and call out to ree . merab he be not likely to have time for you , child . ree I have get to talk to he . if he do not know , nobody do . merab nope . talk just cause witness . and he do not want for any of that . ree I will wait . 26 . merab you need to get yourself on home . she give ree the mug . merab here , drink it down and be on you way . ree drink and hand the empty mug back to merab . ree thanks . merab thump know you be in the valley , child . with megan . and at Little Arthur 's . he know what you want to ask , and he do not want to hear it . ree and that 's it ? he be not gonna say nothing to I ? merab if you be listen , child , you get you answer . merab turn she back and walk toward she house . ree call after she . ree so , I guess come the nut-cutte , blood do not really mean shit to the big man . be I understanding that right ? merab spin on she heel and get up into ree 's face . merab do not you dare . do not ! I want you to listen to I , child . you need to turn around , and get yourself on home . merab turn and walk back to she house . as she reach the doorstep , she turn back towards ree. 27 . merab ( cont ’d ) do not you make I come out here and tell you again ! merab enter the house and slam the door . as ree stomp away , merab eye she suspiciously from the window . ext . ree 's house - day ashlee bounce on the trampoline on a toy horse . ree come out onto the porch . ree ashlee Dawn , come inside . bring brownie and cupcake . ashlee pick up the two horse and climb off the trampoline . int . ree 's house - day ree be slice potato into a sizzling pan . there be a loud knock at the door . blond milton ( 0.s. ) ree , get out here ! ext . reeas house , porch - day ree open the door and step out . blond milton do you know , there 's people go ' round say you best shut up . people you ought to listen to . get you ass in the truck . he grab ree 's arm . ree do not touch I . blond milton get you ass in the truck . 28 . blond milton push ree towards the truck . ree grab the porch beam to resist . blond milton shove she down the stair . ree get off ! blond milton get in the truck ! sonny come out of the house . sonny hey ! blond milton d’ruther I hit you , boy ? ree sonny , get back in the house . cook they tater ' till they be brown then turn the stove off . sonny do not hurt my sister . ree sonny ! blond milton turn around , climb the porch step and grab sonny 's collar . blond milton have ball be good , boy , but do not let ‘em get you hurt . ree sonny , get in the house ! blond milton ( to ree ) get you dumb ass in the truck . ree I be not get in there with you . blond milton get in the truck . there 's something that you need to see . 29 . ree and blond milton get into the truck . int . blond milton 's truck - day ( drive ) blond milton jessup and I may have have we tussle , but he be my cousin . it 's always a bad deal when this thing blow . ree where be we go ? blond milton down the road . ree down the road to where ? blond milton to someplace you need to see . ree anxiously look around try to get she bearing . i/e. blond miltone truck - day they drive past woodland until they reach a burn out house . blond milton pull off the road and turn off the engine . int . blond milton 's truck - day ( stationary ) blond milton this right here be the last place I or anybody see jessup . ree he never blow no lab before . blond milton I know it . but something must have jump wrong this time . ree he 's know for never fuck up lab or cooking bad batch . he 's know for know what he 's do . 30 . blond milton well , you cook long enough , this be bound to happen . ree you say dad 's up there burnt to a crisp ? blond milton that 's what I be say . ree I be go 's up for a look . ree open she door and start to exit the truck . blond milton grab she arm . blond milton no ! that shit 's poison . it will rip the skin off you bone ! ree if dad 's up there , I be bring he home to bury . blond milton ree ! ree wrest herself free and get out of the truck , slamm the door behind she . blond watch as she approach the ruin house . ext . burned out house - day ree walk across the road to the burn out house . she cautiously approach the house , look at the detail of the wreckage . one wall be blow out to the yard , window have explode and the blacken wall fragment and insulation dangle from the break stud . she take in a melt stove and note weed grow through the floorboard . int . blond milton 's truck - day ( drive ) ree and blond milton drive home silently . ree look out the window , lose in think , weigh she option . 31 . ext . blond milton 's house - day blond milton and ree get out of the truck in front of he house . he stop ree as she start to walk home across the holler . ree walk blond milton I know lose jessup leave you all hurt over there . I know it 's a lot to handle . ree we will make do . blond milton Sonya and I talk about it . we feel we could take sonny off you hand . not ashlee , I do not reckon , but we could take sonny . ree you what ? blond milton we could take he and raise he up the rest of the way . ree my ass , you will . blond milton we would raise the boy way better 'o you and that nut job mama of yours can . maybe on down the line we would take ashlee , too . ree you go straight to hell , you son of a bitch . sonny and ashlee will die live in a cave with I and mama before they spend one night with you . away , then turn back to blond milton . ree ( cont 'd ) goddamn you ! you must think I 'ma stupid idiot . ( more ) 32 . ree ( cont 'd ) there 's weed grow chin high in that place . it must have be a year since that place blow ! ree spit at blond milton 's foot . he turn and leave . ree angrily march back across the holler to she house . ext . ree 's yard - day sonny and ashlee place plastic bottle on a picnic table , then run back to where ree be wait . ree prop up a double - barrel shotgun for sonny and ashlee to examine . ree come here , look at this . ash , quit play around , c’mere . this trigger shoot this barrel , this trigger shoot this barrel . now there 's hardly ever gonna be a time where you need both . but if you gotta kill something big and mean , then you use both . ree put the double - barrel gun on the ground and pick up the other shotgun that 's lie there . ree ( cont 'd ) now this gun be what you will use when you be older . but this one be the gun I learn on . this be daddy 's squirrel gun . now the most important thing be do not put you finger on the trigger unless you be ready to shoot , you be aim at you target . and do not ever -- both of you look at I -- never point this at each other , not ever . alright ? kneel down like you be praying . yeah , just like that . yup . sonny pick up the gun and rest it on he shoulder . ree stand over he instruct he . ree ( cont 'd ) you see that cross ? it 's call the crosshair . aim that up at the middle of you target . and when that 's line up in the middle then you squeeze the trigger and you shoot . sonny shoot . ree okay . gail ( 0.s8 . ) ree ! ree hang on . ( to gail ) hey ! ( to sonny and ashlee ) both of you sit on you hand . do not touch it . gail enter with she baby in a baby carrier . gail hey ! hey ! gail damn , sweet pea . what 's with all the gun ? ree just teach they a little bit of survival . ree take a peek at ned in the carrier . ree ( cont 'd ) ( to ned ) hi! 33 . ree hug she . 34 . int . ree 's house - day ree and gail be stand at the kitchen counter . ned be on the counter inside the carrier . gail toss a set of key up onto the counter . gail get the truck off he . ree you be who I always do think you be , darlin’ . you truly be . ext . ree 's yard - night gail and ree come out of ree 's house . gail carry ned in he carrier . they open the door of floyd 's truck and secure the carrier in place . gail turn it this way . ree backward ? gail yup . do you mom know what 's go on ? ree I be not sure . gail you think you should tell she ? ree this be the exact shit she go crazy try to get away from . it would be too mean to tell she . gail I guess she could not help , anyhow . ree nope . they climb into the truck and drive away . 35 . int . april 's house , live room - night a pick session be in process . marideth , april 's mother , sing , accompany by she friend play music . April sit on the couch watch . in another part of the room , two couple play card . marideth ( sing ) as I look on that valley far below . it 's green as far as I can see . as my memory return , oh how my heart do yearn for you and the day that use to be . High on a mountain , wind blow free , I wonder if you still remember I . marideth turn to she friend . marideth play it through . ree and gail ( with baby carrier ) knock at the door . April get up to answer they knock . marideth ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) I wonder if you still remember I or have time erase you memory ? as I listen to the breeze whisper gently through the tree , I wonder if you still remember I . April open the door and hesitates before greeting ree . marideth ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) come all ye fair and tender lady , take a warning how you court you man . april come on in . 36 . she motion ree and gail in . they step inside quietly and survey the scene , check to see if they know anyone . april ( cont ’d ) it 's ma 's birthday . ree happy birthday . april you want anything ? something to drink , food ? ree I be here huntin’ dad . april I be guessin’ that . come on in . April lead ree and gail through the live room to she daughter 's bedroom . marideth ( sing ) they be like a star on a a summer morning they first appear and then they be go . I wish I be a little sparrow and I have wing and I could fly . I would fly straight away ... int . april 's house - bedroom - night in the cramped kid room , gail and ree pay close attention to April . april you know I 'o jessup quit keepin’ company a good while ago . ree I figure . I think you might still know a thing or two . 37 . april well , I be kind of afraid I might . I wish I could kick back for this one , ree . April sit down next to they . ree you still bad on the bottle ? april no , no , I give that up . a couple month ago jessup and I run across each other by total accident . he get I to laugh so , thing rekindle for a day or two . then he be go again . then about , maybe , three or four week back , I would stop at cruikshank 's , he be in there with three fella I do not know , and they do not look to be have no fun , either . ree dad say anything ? april he look square at I , but act like he do not know I , like he would never see I before . something real wrong be go on . ree be lose in she thought try to take this in . April try to look she in the eye . april ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . ext . wood - morning ree , sonny and ashlee sit silently with they back against a large oak . ree hold a shotgun propped and ready to fire . ree if you stay really still and quiet , they 's 11 come out . sonny sneeze . 38. ree ( cont 'd ) bless you . sonny how long do we have to wait for a squirrel ? ree a long time , usually . sonny wish we could get deer . ree it 's not time for deer . sonny when be it ? ree in the morning or at night . you know that . ashlee ( whisper to ree ) do you see one ? ree mmm . where ? ashlee point . ashlee ( whisper ) there . ree ah ! help I pull the trigger . put you finger right there . ree and ashlee shoot . ext . ree 's yard , skinning table - morning ashlee and sonny lay three squirrel on the skin table . ree put down a bucket . 39 . ree alright , you want this fry or stew ? sonny , ashlee fry . ree fry ? alright . ree grab a knife and begin to skin the squirrel . gail approach with a mug of coffee . ree hey . gail hey . ree start to work the knife under the skin . ree alright . now get you finger in there , and I 'il get mine in . one , two , three . ree and sonny pull at opposite end of the squirrel 's skin . ree ( cont 'd ) pull . pull hard . they continue to pull . ree ( cont 'd ) now I be just gonna slit it down here . she begin to slice the squirrel 's flesh . ree ( cont 'd ) now get in there and get they gut out . sonny I do not want to . 40 . ree sonny , there 's a bunch of stuff that you be go to have to get over be scared of . sonny back away . sonny I be not scared , I just do not want to . ree come on . put you finger in there . ree guide sonny 's hand inside the squirrel . ree good . sonny pull out a long strand of entrail . sonny do we eat that part ? ree not yet . ext . blond milton 's house , woodshed - day ree operate the wood splitter . teardrop approach she silently and turn the engine off . startle , ree spin around . teardrop you think I forget about you ? ree what do you mean ? teardrop forget about you and everything happen over here . ree that 's you business - you forget we if you want . teardrop the law find jessup 's car at gullet Lake this morning . somebody set fire to it last night , burnt it down to nothing almost . ( beat ) he be not in it . ree look away , then turn back to he . ree he 's go , be not he ? teardrop take a wad of fold bill from inside he jacket and hand it to ree . teardrop this be for you all . his court day be this morning and he do not show . I would sell off you timber land now while you can . ree no , huh - uh . I will not be do nothing like that . teardrop that 's the very first thing they 'il do - teardrop take she chin in he hand . teardrop ( cont 'd ) - once they have take this place from under you all , girl . go out and cut they 100 year old wood down to nub . might as well have the dough to spend on you own . teardrop slip a bag of crank from he pocket and scoops a bit out with a key and snort . ree look away . the bag of crank at she . teardrop you get the taste for it yet ? ree not so far . 42 . teardrop suit yourself , little girl . they pill help you mama 's mood any ? ree she keep take they , but they be not work . teardrop tell she ‘hey . 's teardrop slowly walk away . ree stare after he . int . reeas house , connie 's bedroom - day ree stand in front of she parent 's closet look at jessup 's thing . she finger he clothes and stare at he small collection of boot , remember he . ext . ree 's yard - day ree 's brother and sister sense the tension surround they . ashlee cuddle a dog . sonny drape himself over the trampoline . ext . wood - day ree take she mother 's arm , guide she over stump and root as they walk into the wood on they property . ext . wood - day connie and ree sit among the tree . ree Mom , look at I . connie stare straight ahead . ree there 's thing happen , and I do not know what to do . ree wait for she mother to respond . 43. ree ( cont 'd ) can you please help I this one time ? Mom ? Mom , look at I . connie look vaguely in ree 's direction . ree ( cont 'd ) teardrop think I should sell the wood , Mom . should I sell ? please , help I this one time . ree turn away , helpless and try to hold back she tear . ree ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do . the wind gently blow through the wood , and the cloud roll in . ext . ree 's yard - day gail and ree slowly drive the truck along the rut road up to ree 's house . wait near the house be a stranger stand by he car . blond and catfish milton keep watch from across the scrabble . int . floyd' truck - day ( drive ) ree ( 0.s. ) who he hell be he ? gail ( 0.s. ) judge by that car , he be not from we neck of the wood . ext . ree 's yard - day the truck pull up and mike satterfield , display a badge , approach ree as she get out . satterfield I be Mike satterfield , A-1 bond . ree what be it you want ? 44 , satterfield we hold the bond on jessup dolly and now he 's a runner , it look like . ree dad be not no runner . satterfield he do not show for court - that make he a runner . ( to gail ) will you excuse we , please . go on ! ree hand a bag of grocery to gail . gail take ned up to the porch and listen to the conversation from there . satterfield ( cont ’d ) look , I do not want to kick you dad 's ass , alright ? I just want to keep the judge off mine . ree dad 's dead . he do not show for court ' cause he 's lie dead somewhere . satterfield when be the last time you see he ? ree a couple of week . satterfield who 's he run around with ? where they all hang out ? ree he do not tell I that stuff , Sir . satterfield now , you know I have get the legal right to go in there hunt the man any place I want ? ree I know you have be waste you time and pissing I off . jessup dolly be dead . ( more ) 45 . ree ( cont would ) he 's lie in a crappy grave somewhere or become pile of shit in a hog pen . maybe he 's be leave out plain in the open , but wherever he be , he 's there dead . satterfield and you know this how ? ree you must have hear what dolly 's be , be not you , mister ? satterfield well , I have hear what some be anyhow , and I have bond a few . ree I be a dolly , breed 'o butter , and that 's how I know dad 's dead . satterfield how old be you ? ree seventeen . satterfield take this in , not sure how to proceed . satterfield you know , uh , you daddy be short on he bond . this house and stuff here could not cover it , not nearly - do you know that ? ree I do not know nothing . they tell I everything after . satterfield well , he be short on he bond . then this fella come in the office one evening , get he a sack full of crinkle money and just laid it down right there to cover the rest . seem like somebody need he sprung in a hurry . 46 . ree this fella with the money have a name ? satterfield shit , no . probably leave that in he other pants . gail look on from the porch , listen intently , concerned , try to make sense of satterfield 's story . ree how long before we get kick off we own property ? satterfield I reckon ... I reckon y'all get this place about another week . that 's my guess . ree a week ? and there be not nothing I can do ? satterfield nope . there be not nothing leave to do , unless you can prove he 's dead . satterfield turn to go , and call out to catfish and blond milton . satterfield ( cont ’d ) catfish , blond , you boy stay out of trouble ? blond flip he the bird . satterfield get in he car and drive off . int . cattle stockyard , auction hall - day a cattle auction be underway . the auctioneer rattles off price to a crowd . ree enter and search the crowd for thump milton , 60 . thump see she and leave . ree follow he . 47 . ext . cattle stockyard , holding pens - day walk gingerly but intently along a elevate catwalk , ree search for thump amidst the massive maze of cattle pen below . the moo of the cattle be deafen . finally , ree spot thump . she try to get he attention . ree ( shouting ) thump milton ! I need to talk to you ! thump milton ! thump milton ! thump ! ree 's voice compete with the din of the cattle . thump milton quickly leave the area , and she run down the catwalk after he . ext . thump milton 's yard - dusk ree walk across the yard towards thump milton 's house . the door open and merab come out carry a steaming mug . she hurl the liquid at ree , then hit she in the face with the mug as alice and tilly , merab 's sister , emerge from the house . ree cry out and fall to the ground . merab I do tell you to leave he be . merab and Alice grab ree and drag she to the barn with tilly lead the way . ree resist with all she strength . merab ( cont ’d ) get she , Alice ! alice ( to ree ) no , you do not ! the sister get a tighter hold on she and force she inside the barn . 48 . merab that 's what you get for not listen . ree 's scream pierce the air as the barn door lower . int . thump milton 's barn - night ree regains consciousness in the glow of a fluorescent light . she can see the rafter of the barn ceiling and a large assortment of metal tool and piece of equipment all around she . merab stand over she . merab you be warn . you be warn nice and you would not listen - why do not you listen ? ree spit a bloody tooth into she palm . she look around and see people she can barely make out , watch she in silence . among they she recognize ; Little Arthur , spider milton , and ray . megan bend down next to ree and stroke she hair . megan what be we ever gonna do with you , baby girl ? ree kill I , I guess . megan that idea have be say already . get any other ? ree help I . ai not nobody say that idea yet , have they ? megan I try to help you some before , and this be what come of it . megan back away as thump milton enter the barn and walk up to ree . he grasp she chin and examine she bloody face , shoot a look at merab . thump milton you get something to say , child , you best say it now . ree think a minute , she eye lock on thump . ree I get two kid who can not feed themselves yet . my mom be sick , and she 's always gonna be sick . pretty soon the law be come and take we house and throw we out to live in the field like dog . ree catch she breath . ree ( cont 'd ) if dad have do wrong , dad have pay . and whoever kill he , I do not need to know all that . but I can not forever carry they kid , and my mom - not without that house . 49 . she be meet with silence . thump leave the barn with bobby . dog bark outside as we hear the sound of a engine approach . spider milton aw , shit . Ray make to leave . ray I be not gonna stand here naked when that motherfucker come in . everyone can hear a truck door slam and heavy footstep come up the gravel . the barn door open to reveal teardrop . teardrop where be she ? little arthur do not get all excited , teardrop . she be warn , and more than once . teardrop gaze at ree , he expression unchange , then turn to spider milton . 50 . teardrop you hit she ? spider milton drop he arm to the small of he back , wrapping he hand around the gun tuck into he pants . merab step up to teardrop . merab he never ! no man here touch that crazy girl . I put the hurt on she . I and my sister , they be here too . thump milton walk back into the barn flanke by Ray and Bobby . he stop within a arm 's length of teardrop . teardrop what jessup do be against we way , he know it , I know it , and I be not raise no stink at all about whatever become of he . but she be not my brother . teardrop look around the gather , finally lock eye with ree before conclude he case . teardrop ( cont 'd ) she 's about all the close family I get leave , so I will be collect she now and carry she on out of here to home . that suit you , thump ? thump milton you be gonna stand for she , be you ? teardrop if she do wrong , you can put it on I . ree register the gravity of this commitment on teardrop 's part . thump milton she 's now yours to answer for . 51 . teardrop this be a girl who be not gonna tell nobody nothing . thump milton you boy give he a hand . go on and put she in the truck . Little Arthur and spider milton shoulder ree and walk she from the barn to the truck . the rest of the family in the barn watch ree and teardrop drive off . int . teardrop 's truck - night teardrop drive ree home . they park in front of the house but remain in the truck . teardrop and rip a bandana and stick the cloth into she mouth . teardrop chomp down on that ' till the blood let up . ree hold the cloth in she mouth . in the silence and dark of the truck , teardrop level with ree . teardrop ( cont 'd ) you daddy could not face this last bust . could not face a ten year jolt . he start talk to the fuck sheriff . teardrop take a drag off he cigarette . teardrop ( cont 'd ) you own I now . you understand ? they be wait to see if I ’1ll do anything . watch . I can not know for a certain fact who go and kill my little brother . even if you find out , you can not ever let I know who kill he . know that would just mean I have be toe up myself pretty soon . deal ? 52 . ree reach across the cab of the truck to squeeze teardrop 's shoulder . ext . ree 's yard - night gail come out of the house and run to the truck . ashlee and sonny follow she and watch from the porch . gail and teardrop lift ree from the truck and walk she towards the house , push sonny aside . gail ( to sonny ) no , get out of the way . open the door . teardrop close the door to the house and linger on the porch . int . reeas house , bathroom - night gail carefully clean ree 's wound with peroxide . gail gonna burn . squeeze my hand . ree rinse she mouth and spit more blood into the sink . she sit , exhaust , appreciate gail . ree thank you . int . reeas house , bedroom - night ree lie on the bed . gail arrange pack of freeze vegetable over ree 's bruise rib . Sonya enter . sonya I just hear . I bring this over for you . Sonya hand gail a plastic vial . 53 . sonya they be painkiller . they be real strong . this be gonna kick in real quick . start with two . gail ok . sonya she 's gonna want more , just start with two and build from there , whatever number let she rest . ree thank you . Sonya leave . gail bring a glass of water to ree 's lip and help she swallow the pill . ree ( cont 'd ) ( to gail ) will you stay until I fall asleep first ? gail yeah , I will . ree but then make sure they be do they homework . gail alright . int . reeas house , bedroom - night ree lie on she bed wafting in and out of consciousness . sonny enter the room , place a glass of water on the night stand and drop ree 's tooth into it . he and ashlee contemplate ree for a moment before carefully lay down next to she . ashlee cradle ree 's arm . ashlee do you arm hurt ? 54 . ree no. not bad . ree fall back asleep . CUT to : reeas dream ree dream through the painkiller . abstract image of Ozark wilderness and wildlife , sound of chainsaw . int . reeas house , bedroom - night ree wake up from she dream , ashlee and sonny be sleep beside she . ext . ree 's house , porch - day ree and gail stand on the porch with baby ned , while sonny and ashlee jump on the trampoline . gail tend to ned . ree , feel worried and defeat , watch she brother and sister . ree blond milton say he and Sonya would take sonny in . I tell you that ? raise he up from here for I . gail do he know ? sonny ? ree not from we . if he know , it 's from somebody else blabbing , ' cause I never . he do not even know dad cook . gail well , if they take he , that might help some . what about ashlee ? ree and gail glance again at the two kid play . 55 . ree she do not shine for they . gail well , what else can you do ? ree beg Victoria and teardrop to take ashlee in . gail God , I hope that be not the way it go , sweet pea . I hope to hell it be not . int . school , rotc classroom - day Army recruiter sgt . schalk , 30' , rise to shake hand with a student who he have just interview . sgt . schalk it be nice meeting you . have a good day , ok ? student thanks . sgt . schalk beckon ree over . sgt . schalk hi , how be you do ? sergeant schalk . ree ree dolly sgt . schalk Nice to meet you . so , what bring you down here today , ree ? ree I want to find out more about the forty thousand dollar I get for signing up . sgt . schalk well , that 's a good reason for join , but why do not you give I three better reason for join . ( more ) 56 . sgt . schalk ( cont would ) because once you join up , there 's no turn back , and it might not be worth forty thousand dollar to you . ree well , the main reason be I need the money . it have be nice to travel , I suppose . sgt . schalk you know , five year be a long commitment . ree well , how long before I get the money ? sgt . schalk well , after you sign up it would be anywhere between fourteen week to eighty - two week . ree well , how come it do not say that on the poster ? sgt . schalk probably a clerical error , or it just be not on there . it might have be in fine print at the bottom . do you mind I ask , what happen to you eye and you lip ? ree I fall off my bike . sgt . schalk fell off a bike ? well , um , how old be you ? ree seventeen . sgt . schalk you be seventeen . ok . now , if this be something you really want to do , we have have to bring Mom and dad in on this , ok . 57 . ree I can sign for myself . sgt . schalk not at seventeen you can not . at seventeen you be still consider a minor by the U. S. government . ok ? you have to be eighteen to sign up . would it be a problem get Mom and dad in here ? I mean , I can come out to you guy 's house and - ree my mom 's sick . my dad 's go . sgt . schalk well , do you have any brother or sister that might be able to help ? ree I get a little brother and a little sister , twelve and six . sgt . schalk well , who 's take care of they right now ? ree I be . sgt . schalk you be ? be that why you need the forty thousand dollar ? ree yes sir . sgt . schalk well , it sound like it might be a bigger challenge just to stay home , you know , and actually take care of you brother and sister . because you know you be not go to be able to take they with you to training , right ? ree I think maybe I could . 58 . sgt . schalk not right at the beginning . plus , you would not be able to have they when you be actually in the active duty army . because who 's go to be there to take care of they if you have to go off and actually fight ? ree fall silent . sgt . schalk ( cont ’d ) so it sound like right now , you need to buckle up and stay home . it 's go to take a lot of backbone and a lot of courage to stay home , but that I think be what you need to do right at this point . ok ? now , something might change here in the next year or so . you might decide this be what you want to do , you know ? but do not take it lightly , and do not do it just for the money . you need to have a good reason to do this , ok ? ree ok . sgt . schalk alright . well , it be nice meeting you . ree Nice meeting you . sgt . schalk have a good day , ok ? ree thank you . they rise and shake hand . ree exit . int . ree 's house , live room - dusk ree be curl up in a chair next to the wood stove , lose in think . ashlee and sonny eat on the couch next to she . 59 . int . ree 's house , live room - night ree sleep on the couch . teardrop appear and jostle she awake with he knee . ree what 's go on ? teardrop I be tired of wait around for shit to come down . let 's get out and poke ‘em where they be at and see what happen . teardrop help ree up off the couch . int . roadside bar - night a small local band play in the back . teardrop sit at the end of the bar scrutinize the crowd . ext . roadside bar - night ree be asleep in teardrop 's truck . she wake up and notice Ray stand with two other man in front of the gas station across the street . ree oh , Lord . ree get out of the truck . int . roadside bar - night ree walk through the bar as patron stare at she . she catch teardrop 's eye and motion he outside . teardrop follow she out . ext . roadside bar - night ree Ray and they be over there . 60 . ree get back in the truck . teardrop walk over to Ray and he buddy . teardrop Ray ! ray what do you want ? I be not see he . if I could help you , I would . there be certain thing you can not do . teardrop I be sick of this shit . you be useless as tit on a fuckin’ boar . ray I do not know where he be . teardrop it 's gonna be much worse next time I come back , I x11 tell you that right now . teardrop walk away . Ray yell at he back . ray yeah ? best thing you could do be leave it alone , brother . believe I . you come back up in here you gonna get you a ass whooping that will not quit . teardrop oh , yeah ? ray look what this shit already cause . teardrop walk back to the truck and grab a ax out of the trunk as ree watch from the front seat . ree ( whisper to herself ) what the hell ? teardrop smashes the windshield of Ray 's truck with the ax . ree cringe , not want to witness teardrop 's out of control behavior . 61 . ray ( 0.s. ) ( yell ) hey , what the hell you do ? hey ! it 's on now . it 's so on . teardrop get in the truck and pull out . ray ( 0.s. ) ( yell ) we be come after you , dude . we be come , and we be bring hell with we . ext . cemetery - night teardrop and ree get out of the truck carry flashlight and enter the cemetery gate . they walk among the grave . ree what be we do ? teardrop look for hump that be not settle . teardrop and ree pick they way amongst the headstone , scan the ground with they flashlight . they finally pause and teardrop survey the area . teardrop he be not here . teardrop sit and light a cigarette . ree settles down next to he . wind rustle through the dry leave . ree he be not anywhere . teardrop he 's somewhere . they walk out of the cemetery . 62 . int . teardrop 's truck - night teardrop fight whirling to stop . teardrop and ree drive in silence , ree doze and teardrop sleep . ree jolt awake and notice flash light over the truck from behind . teardrop make no move a siren squawk . ree teardrop , you should stop . just see what he want . stop the truck and roll down he window . ext . teardrop 's truck - night sheriff baskin approach hold a flashlight as teardrop stare straight ahead . he halt a few foot from the door . sheriff baskin get out of the truck , teardrop . I need to talk to you . teardrop I do not think so . sheriff baskin it be not about you . you be not in trouble . it 's about you brother . teardrop watch baskin in he side mirror . teardrop 's teardrop nope . tonight I be not do a fuck thing you say . 's hand close around the rifle . sheriff baskin get out of the truck and put you hand where I can see ‘em . come on , get out . teardrop why have you tell ? why ? you go and get he ass kill . you happy now ? 63 . baskin and ree register teardrop 's accusation . baskin , apprehensive , make eye contact with ree and draw he pistol from the holster . attempt to regain control , he tap the side of the truck with he gun . sheriff baskin I know you . I know you family . get out of the car now . teardrop raise he rifle and rest it on the open window , stare baskin down in the side mirror . baskin shift uneasily , again look to ree . teardrop be this gonna be we time ? teardrop and baskin hold each other 's eye in the mirror as baskin slowly back away , still brandish he flashlight . teardrop fire up the engine and baskin shine he flashlight on ree in the truck . teardrop pull out and leave baskin stand alone in the road . int . ree 's house - night teardrop and ree sit on the couch . ree what I really can not stand be how I feel so ashamed -- for dad . teardrop well , he love y’all . that 's where he go weak . ree look at he . teardrop ( cont 'd ) lot of we can be tough , plenty tough enough , and do it for a long stretch , too . ree but snitching . teardrop for lot 'o lot of year he be not . he be not , he be not , and then one day he be . 64 . teardrop snort crank off a key as ree watch he . ree you always have scared I . teardrop that 's cause you be smart . they fall silent . ext . ree 's yard - day ree carry a heavy box of belonging out and begin throw papers into a smoking barrel in the yard . int . ree 's house - day ree and connie sort through a box of family photo . ree will you look through this stuff ? see what you want to keep . connie nod and start to go through the box . ree turn the page of a photo album . sonny and ashlee look on . ree that 's dad . and teardrop . she hand a small hand - carve wooden horse to ashlee . ree ashlee , you remember when dad make that for you ? ashlee mmm hmm . ree look at this guy with she . sonny point to a photo of jessup and connie . sonny that 's he ? 65 . mmm hmm . sonny how old be he in that picture ? ree probably around my age . they contemplate the photo . ashlee arrange she horse on the table in front of she . ree turn over a small portrait photo of a woman and read aloud the inscription on the back . ree I do not know how I ever latch on to someone like you , but I sure hope I can keep you interested in I forever . I love you and will always be true . ext . ree 's yard - day ree watch the fire in the barrel , then head back into the house . ext . ree 's yard - day ashlee and sonny climb on and around large bale of hay , play hide and seek . ashlee Ho ! found you ! found you ! ext . reeas house , porch - day merab and she sister Alice knock at ree 's front door . after wait a beat , merab knock again . ree come out with a shotgun , livid . merab and Alice be unfaze . merab we be go to fix you problem for you . 66 . ree right now I be feel like blow I a clean hole through you fuck gut . merab I know you do . but you will not . you will put that scatter gun away and come along with we . ree you must think I be crazy ! merab we will take you to you daddy 's bone . we know the place . we need to put a stop to all this nonsense talk about we we have be have to hear . ree I be not say a thing about you . merab I know . but everybody else have . ree gesture with the shotgun . ree I be bring this . merab no , you will not bring that , either . you want he bone , you will set that down and come along . ext . field - dusk kat , merab 's sister , open the gate to the field . merab drive through and park in the field . merab , tilly and Alice get out . merab you can go on and take that sack off you head . give it to I . ree remove a burlap sack from she head and get out of the car . 67 . merab child , you might know where you be . if you do , you forget you know it . you get I ? ree nod . merab pull a chainsaw from the trunk and hand it to Alice . merab and kat illuminate the ground with flashlight as merab lead the group through the gather darkness to the edge of a pond . cow moo plaintively . the sister pull a rowboat from the underbrush . no one speak . merab , Alice and ree get in . kat put the chainsaw in the boat and merab paddle away from shore towards a tangle of branch in the middle of the pond . merab he should be right there . you be gonna need to reach down and tug he up . ree remove she coat and roll up she sleeve . she hesitates . merab he be not deep . ree plunge she arm into the pond , grop in the water . merab straight down . can you feel of he ? ree shiver , feel something and gasp , recoil . merab shine a light on the water as ree go back in , horrify but determine , grab a firm hold of a icy hand . merab alright now , take this . merab lift the chainsaw to ree . ree what ? merab well , how else you gonna get he hand ? 68 . no . alice oh , come on , child . you daddy would want you to do this . now here , take the see . ree look to merab and away , make no move to take the chainsaw . alice she can not do it , merab . merab see that Alice be right . merab hold he arm out straight , child . merab start the see and begin to cut . ree sob . she drop the severe hand in the boat . her father 's body sink away from she grasp . merab why have you let go ? you be gonna need both hand , or sure as shit they 'il say he cut one off to keep from go to prison . they know that trick . now reach back down in there , now - quick . ree reach back into the pond . she grab hold of jessup 's body again and hang on . merab revs the chainsaw and sever the second hand . ree be stunne , merab wrap she coat around she . merab ( whisper ) let it go . ree be motionless . merab let 's go , Alice . they row away , leave a oily film on the water 's surface . int . sheriff 's office , waiting room - day ree sit wait for baskin with a plastic bag on as she wait , the dispatcher answer radio call . baskin appear and motion for she to come inside sheriff baskin C ’mon back . int . sheriff 's office - day ree place the sack on baskin 's desk . he take a and flinch . sheriff baskin how in the hell do you come by this ? ree someone flung they up on the porch last night . sheriff baskin reckon I x11 run this straight over . the lab can tell I if they be he . ree they be he . that be my dad 's hand . sheriff baskin we will know yes or no on that soon enough . I bet you dad would still be here if he be just grow he marijuana . 69 . she lap . he office . look inside ree restrain she urge to verbally assault he , and head for the door . sheriff baskin ( cont ’d ) hey ! I do not shoot the other night ' cause you be there in the truck . he never back I down . ree lean against the doorway . 70 . ree it look to I like he do . sheriff baskin do not you let I hear that 's the story get around . ree I do not talk much about you , man . ever . int . reeas house , connie 's bedroom - day ree stand in front of the closet look at jessup 's thing for a minute . she pull out a banjo and lay it on the bed . ext . ree 's yard - day ashlee pet nickdog . ashlee you be a good boy . good boy . ashlee come over to the clothesline and help ree take the laundry down . connie fold the clothes at a table nearby . sonny sit on he skateboard , roll back and forth on plywood laid on top of the scrabble . teardrop approach , carry a small bundle . teardrop sonny . hey , ashlee . he unwrap two chick and offer they to the kid . teardrop I brung this for you two to raise up . ashlee and sonny each take one . ashlee thank you . satterfield 's car pull into the yard . teardrop look at he , then turn to ree. 71 . teardrop what 's he do here ? ree I have no idea . satterfield approach . satterfield I know you . teardrop yup . satterfield study ree a little more closely . satterfield look like you earn this money with blood , kid . he reach inside he coat , pull out a brown paper bag and hand it to ree . satterfield ( cont ’d ) that 's yours . ree how 's it mine ? satterfield well that fella never do give a name . but he sure be good news for you all when he put that money down on jessup . ree ai not it still he , though ? satterfield you can use it a hell of a lot more than he . and he be not gonna come back for it neither , not the way thing happen . we take we cut , and that there 's what 's leave . that make it yours . sonny observe the exchange . satterfield I do not know how you do that . 72 . ree bred 'o butter . I tell you . satterfield search for the right thing to say . satterfield well you take care , ok ? he nod to teardrop and walk away . ree turn to look at connie and they eye meet . ext . ree 's house , porch - day teardrop lean against the porch . sonny , follow by ashlee , come down the step and offer teardrop the banjo . sonny here . teardrop well , it 's be a long time . back off a little , you make I nervous . oh , shit . sonny and ashlee sit on the porch step and teardrop pick out a tune . ree come over and lean against the porch next to he . after a moment , teardrop stop play and put down the banjo . teardrop ( cont 'd ) I be never good like you daddy be . he look down , pause . something be heavy on he mind . teardrop I know who . ree what ? teardrop jessup . I know who . he walk towards he truck . ree look down at the banjo . ree you should have this . 73. teardrop turn back to she , and she offer he the banjo . teardrop oh , no , you ... i’11l let you keep it here for I . they stare at each other silently for a moment . teardrop get into he truck , and ree watch he drive away . ree sit on the porch step and ashlee and sonny join she on either side , cradling they chick . sonny do that money mean you be leavin 's ? ree I be not leavin 's you guy . why do you think that ? sonny we hear you talk about the Army . be you want to leave we ? ree I would be lose without the weight of you two on my back . ree kiss she sister 's head . ree ( cont 'd ) I be not go anywhere . ashlee hand she chick to ree . she pick up the banjo where ree leave it , sit back down on the porch , and strum . the end