window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app58.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=3956;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://geocities.com:80/emruf1/witchcraft.html " , " 20050206004857 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1107650937 " ) ; witchcraft witchcraft ( 1916 ) 1 manufacacturer title : no. 159 . 2 producer's title : witchcraft . 3 foreword : in 1692 -3 the New England colony hold fast in the grip of a horrible witchcraft delusion . hundred suffer persecution , young and old , rich and poor , no one be safe . in Salem , alone , 19 people be hang before the Governor 's proclamation put a end to this folly . 4 subtitle : makepeace struble --the town miser . scene 1 against black background --( fade in . ) makepeace struble seat at old colonial desk , look over he ledger , count money into strong box , candle light beside he . he handle the money , mostly gold and silver , lovingly , then look around suspiciously as he close strong box and turn to make memorandum in ledger . ( fade out . ) 5 subtitle : richard wayne --makepeace struble's ward . scene 2 background of tree and sunlight --( fade in ) . Richard Wayne , in hunt costume , come down toward foreground , mount , look cautiously about he . as he get to foreground turn and look backward , grin , duck he head behind horse 's neck and ride out of picture toward right . as he do so , indian appear at foreground extreme leave and shoot arrow after he . ( fade out . ) 6 subtitle : nokomis --suspected of witchcraft . scene 3 background of huge colonial fireplace --( fade in ) . nokomis , a elderly indian woman ( not decrepit ) , in indian costume , lean over iron pot hang over fire , stir content and mutter to herself , reach up toward mantel over fireplace , pull down a bunch of herb from string of they hang from ceiling . throw they in pot , still mutter and stir as the steam from the pot rise like a cloud . ( fade out . ) 7 subtitle : fanny ward as suzette , a huguenot refugee . scene 4 door --suzette's cottage --( fade in ) . suzette , stand outside of colonial doorway , hold old - fashioned lantern with candle inside , which illumine the girl 's face . she lean forward , call . a little girl of 8 or 9 , plainly terrify of the dark , run into the picture , clutches suzette 's arm , and point to close door . as suzette look toward it vision rise on door of miniature devil and witch , some ( if possible ) hold door handle , other threaten with pitchfork and broomstick . ( at least 2 devil and 2 witch . ) suzette wave she hand towards they as though brush they aside and vision fade . as door open slowly and suzette and the child stand illumine by lantern light and the light from the house , suzette smile at the child and say , " there , you see ! there be no devil or witch ! " as they move to go within ( fade out ) . 8 subtitle : makepeace struble collect he rent --in advance . scene 5 live room --( colonial cottage ) ( day ) ( hereafter designate as suzette 's Cottage . ) ( Big fireplace , small lattice window , simple table and chair of heavy colonial structure , a heavy wooden settle near fireplace . ) ( for full description of fireplace refer to scene 133 . ) ( very little in the room . no picture on the wall in this scene . ) Old struble enter , look about he , rub he hand . man come in with bundle on he shoulder . ( this mean household goods tie up in table cover or shawl . when box be mention later in scene I mean the wooden box or chest which serve as trunk in that day . ) man throw bundle down in middle of floor and go out . another man , pass he with big wooden box on shoulder , set it down and also go out . as he do so , suzette enter , cloak and dress as though have be on a journey . she have she arm about she mother . suzette , with very daughterly affectionate manner , lead she mother tenderly out of the picture toward the wooden settle in front of the fireplace . scene 6 the settee --( live room ) ( semi - close - up ) suzette and mother enter the picture . suzette place the mother on the settle , take she own cloak and make a pillow of it . be ask she mother if she be feel very ill , when old struble come into the picture . the mother be speak to suzette . struble 's face show that he do not understand . he turn to the girl and ask she a question . suzette nod , say : 9 spoken title : we be from the french settlement . my mother speak only french but I speak the english . smile up at struble , who nod gravely , look at the girl , gloatingly , note how pretty she be , and he claw - like hand stretch out toward she , as he note the little knitted purse she hold in she hand . suzette look at he a moment in surprise , and then as he indicate " the rent in advance , " she smile , open the purse and put the money in he hand . indicate to struble that she mother be tired and he must go . struble bow and go out of the picture with a glance first at the money and then at suzette . suzette kiss she mother 's cheek , tell she she must go out and see to the rest of they goods . the mother smile feebly , and nod . suzette turn and go out of the picture . scene 7 STREET --( outside of suzette' cottage ) Old struble go away from cottage up street , meet Richard Wayne ( in civilian 's clothes ) come down street towards cottage . Wayne salute he guardian , who indicate the cottage , and say : 10 spoken title : the new tenant have arrive . they be foreigners . Wayne indicate : " be that so ? " do not seem particularly interested . the old man show the money . Wayne smile and go down the street toward the cottage as struble go toward he home in opposite direction . scene 8 exterior suzette' cottage suzette at gate , give man instruction to pick up another chest or trunk , and bring it into the house . several of the villager , young man , woman , and little child stand near gate , eyeing she - - among they nokomis , basket of berry on arm , stop and look at the girl . suzette see she and the basket , and beckon to she . scene 9 exterior suzette' cottage --( close - up ) nokomis and suzette . suzette indicate to nokomis that she will take the berry from she . nokomis nod and suzette say : 11 spoken title : my mother be ill . I will pay the good money if you will help I . nokomis grunt and indicate that she will do so . start to follow suzette towards house . scene 10 exterior suzette' cottage --( full view ) the villager whisper to each other . one of the man , point to the cottage which suzette and nokomis be enter , say : 12 spoken title : a witch and a foreigner go well together . the people look at he in fear when he say witch . Wayne come into the picture . one of the man detain he , begin to talk to he . some of the child start to move away . scene 11 the settee --( live room suzette' cottage ) suzette 's mother stretch out on settle , rigid . suzette enter picture , look at she . the mother begin to cry aloud and toss herself about . she look frighten . the indian woman come into the picture , point at the mother , stroke she head , look at the girl keenly , and motion toward the door , start to go . suzette look frighten , grab the indian woman by the arm , appeal to she . the indian woman say something again , look keenly at the mother , indicate : " they will say she be a witch . " suzette shake she head vehemently , indicate " no , no ! " then say : 13 spoken title : help I . we come here because in the french settlement they began to call her a witch . the indian woman look down at the girl , then at the mother . take pity on they , remember that she too be call a witch . feel bond between she and the pretty white girl , suzette . nodding she head , indicate , " all right . " 14 spoken title : I tell she sick . I bring medicine . turn and go out of the picture , nodd she head . suzette go to she mother , begin chafing she hand and call to she . as she mother stop moan and begin to scream , suzette look frighten , put she hand over she mother 's mouth , then look about she , and go hurriedly out of the picture . scene 14 exterior suzette' cottage . the group of young man and Wayne , one of the young man appeal to Wayne . Wayne be try to get away from they . he say , glance toward the cottage : 15 spoken title : how should I know whether the maid be pretty ? I haven't see her . one of the young man laugh and point toward window . Wayne turn and look at window . scene 13 OPEN window --exterior of cottage ( close - up ) ( flash ) suzette , face at the window . her eye show that see Wayne . scene 14 exterior cottage --( full view ) ( flash ) Wayne , stare at the window , take a step toward it . scene 15 window --exterior cottage --( close - up ) ( flash ) suzette 's face at the window look at he . scene 16 exterior cottage --( full view ) ( flash ) the man laugh as Wayne turn away from and window go down street , indicate , " he see she that time , all right ! " Wayne , angry at be catch , pay no attention to they . scene 17 window -- live room --( flash ) suzette turn away from window which she have close and go toward she mother . scene 18 settle --living room --( semi -close - up ) suzette and she mother -- the mother revive . she clutches suzette feverishly and say : " what do I say ? do any one hear I ? " suzette put she arm about she , reassure she , say : 16 spoken title : you be safe here . though you call on GOD when you rave , no one will understand . the mother 's fear fade out of she face . she pat she daughter 's hand and ask if she be sure . suzette nod and say she be . tell she mother not to worry , it will be all right yet . scene 19 exterior suzette' cottage --( flash ) nokomis come along street with bundle of herb in hand . the child throw stone at she and call after she . she shake stick at they and go toward cottage . scene 20 struble's " office " --( struble's house ) ( a sort of cross between a study and a place where struble keep he account and money . he have a few book , a big desk , chair , ledger , and write material . the furniture in this room be not ornate -- very plain and old , but not poor look . the rest of struble 's house be very prosperous look . ) struble , count money , look up , hearing someone , hastily conceal the money . Wayne come in , ask he guardian for money . struble do not want to give it to he , say : 17 spoken title : i'll not give you money to squander in boston . i'm you guardian until you're twenty-five . the two man quarrel about it . Wayne suddenly fling himself out of the room , indicate that when he be twenty - five the old man will suffer . the old man look after he angrily , shouting and thumping with he cane . scene 21 near fireplace --living room --( suzette' cottage ) nokomis have build fire and be give the mother hot steaming drink . the mother , lean against suzette be sip it . suzette smile across she mother at nokomis . nokomis look as affectionately as a indian can at suzette . ( fade out . ) 18 subtitle : springtime in the wood and in the heart . scene 22 the wood --( day ) ( fade in ) ( not a gloomy part ... sunlight show . ) suzette run along , sing and swinging she little bonnet -- wild flower in she hand . stop and begin to dance by herself . scene 23 another part of wood --( flash ) Richard Wayne , in hunt costume , see rabbit , shoot gun . scene 24 path ( suzette' part of wood ) suzette come , sing , along the path . stop and scream , look down . sink down -- camera pan with she -- and stroke dead rabbit gently with she finger . rabbit do not move . suzette look at it in horror , begin to cry . scene 25 wood --a little further along ( flash ) Wayne come crash through the underbrush to get rabbit . see suzette , pause , and then go toward she . scene 26 wood -- the path by dead rabbit --( semi -close - up ) suzette , on she knee beside the rabbit , look at it pitifully . Wayne come into the picture , stoops over , touch she gently on the shoulder . she turn and look up at he , recognize he . give a little smile , show that she 's glad to see he , and that they friendship have progress considerably . then , look down at the rabbit , determine to scold he , and begin to rise , without smile . scene 27 wood --( same path ) ( close - up ) Wayne look down at suzette , who be on she foot and turn on he passionately . tell he he 's cruel to kill a poor little thing like a rabbit . he be pay attention to the girl herself , watch she closely , admiringly , but not pay any particular attention to what she say . suzette be not really angry , but be coquettishly pretend anger . she stamp she foot at he , point down to the dead rabbit . Wayne wake up with a start to what suzette say , stoops , reach out of picture , the girl stare at he . he come back , straighten himself up , rabbit in he hand . drop it in he game bag . as he do this , suzette cover she face with she hand . Wayne take she wrist gently in he hand , uncover she face , tell she he do not want to hurt she so . say : 19 spoken title : I promise you I won't shoot another rabbit --to-day . suzette , reassure , cheer up , turn to go away . he ask she where she be go . she indicate the wood , tell he she be go to see the indian woman and be too busy to stop . Wayne smile , turn and follow she as she start to go out of the picture . scene 28 exterior nokomis ' hut --( flash ) ( relic of early settler . ) ( not indian hut . ) ( a tumble - down little shanty , build of log . ) nokomis come to doorway , look out , smile . scene 29 path to nokomis ' hut --( flash ) Wayne and suzette come along , talk together . Wayne 's attitude to the girl be very lover - like as he bend over she and hold the branch away so they will not strike she . scene 30 exterior nokomis ' hut --( flash ) nokomis mutter to herself , well pleased . turn and go into hut . scene 31 window -- live room --( suzette' cottage ) ( flash ) suzette 's mother look out of window . suddenly smile , beckon with she hand . scene 32 exterior suzette' cottage --( flash ) Anne hardin , a little may of about nine , go toward cottage , laugh and wave she hand toward suzette 's mother . scene 33 live room --( suzette' cottage ) suzette 's mother lean back in big armchair , hold out cookie . Little Anne come run into picture , take cookie , eat it , lean against arm of chair . suzette 's mother pat the child 's head , show simply she fondness for child and that she feel lonely . look lovingly down at the child . scene 34 exterior nokomis ' hut suzette come to the hut , dismiss Wayne . he indicate that he be go to wait for she . suzette shake she head , say : " do not wait . I may be long . " suzette protest again , then go inside . Wayne calmly sit down on nearby stump or stone , and wait , look at he gun . scene 35 interior nokomis ' hut suzette enter , greet nokomis , ask for berry and medicine for she mother , tell nokomis she mother have not be well . show anxiety . nokomis pat she arm clumsily . take basket , show she berry . put she hand up and take bunch of herb , from cluster hang from rafter . explain to suzette that this will do she mother good . put it in basket with berry . suzette thanks she as she pay she money for berry . nokomis seize the hand hold the coin , take it in she own , palm upward , look at it , nod , grunt , and point outside . say : 20 spoken title : brave warrior want to make maiden happy . suzette , embarrassed , pull she hand away , remember what have be say about nokomis be a witch , shake she head , tell she she must not say that . take basket of berry and herb and rush from hut . nokomis smile , shake she head , indicate : " that 's the way with girl -- you tell they what they want to hear and they pretend they do not want to hear it . " smiling and mumble , go toward fireplace . scene 36 exterior nokomis ' hut Wayne , wait , point he gun toward tree , ready to kill bird . suzette come up behind he , look horrify , see what he be go to do . Wayne , hearing she , instantly change he attitude , turn around with a innocent expression as though he see nothing but blue sky , and pretend to be examine he gun . suzette come up to he , scold he , tell he that he be go to break he promise . Wayne smile at she , say : 21 spoken title : I say rabbit , not bird . suzette continue to scold he . he offer to give she the gun to carry and he will take the basket . suzette shrink away from the gun , indignantly cling to the basket , indicate that he have enough with he old gun and gamebag . they go off together , suzette still pretend to scold he , Wayne smile as though he enjoy it . scene 37 live room --( suzette' cottage ) ( flash ) Little Anne take another cookie , say good - by to suzette 's mother and run away out of picture . the mother sink back in the chair wearily , but smile . scene 38 gate --old struble's ground --( flash ) struble , come down toward gate , see lover , stop , step behind shrubbery , look out . scene 39 other side of the STREET Wayne and suzette parting . Wayne do not want to part with she , say he be go with she . suzette shake she head , try to withdraw she hand he be hold . she say : 22 spoken title : you must not come with I . mother be ill . beside -- people will talk . Wayne laugh , tell she he do not care what people say - - he 's come to see she soon . suzette get a little embarrassed , try to say good - bye again and take she hand away . Wayne will not let go , and despite she struggle , draw she to he , throw he arm about she and kiss she . suzette , at first frighten -- look up at he , hide she head on he shoulder . Wayne indicate : " now , will you let I come with you ? " suzette shake she head , indicate : " not now - - it would frighten my mother . " Wayne bend over she , whisper in she ear , say : 23 spoken title : i'm coming to-morrow --to ask you mother . stoop to kiss she again , but suzette , with a happy laugh , duck under he arm and run out of the picture laugh . Wayne take a step toward she as though to follow she -- then decide he would better not . stands at gate -- look toward she . scene 40 further along path --( exterior struble's gate ) ( flash ) suzette turn , look back at the gate and smile happily , wave good - bye to Wayne . scene 41 the gate --( flash ) Wayne wave to suzette - - she go through gate . scene 42 inside gate --( behind shrubbery ) --( flash ) Old struble angry , crouch out of sight , as Wayne come in the grounds and pass he . after Wayne go out of picture , struble sneak out toward gate cautiously . scene 43 village STREET --( in front of hardin cottage ) ( flash ) ( opposite side of street and a little above suzette 's cottage . ) Group of people whisper , about the gate . turn and point . scene 44 STREET --( between hardin cottage and struble's house ) ( flash ) suzette come down street . scene 45 exterior hardin cottage --( flash ) a elderly woman push through group of people and go up towards house . scene 46 live room --( hardin house ) ( somewhat similar in character to that of suzette 's cottage except that it have a more litter appearance , because there be little child in it , and it have a more settle and furnish appearance . ) Anne hardin , the child to whom suzette 's mother give cookie , lie on settle , head propped up with pillow , toss , cry , look very ill , mother bend over the child , wring she hand . the middle - age woman enter , ask question . the mother begin to cry . the woman pat she shoulder , say : 24 spoken title : the doctor won 't be back for a hour . i'll do what I can . bend over the child , rub its hand . the mother go out of the picture , come in with hot herb tea in bowl . the woman lift it to the child 's lip . the child push it away . the woman find a bit of cookie in the child 's hand . ask she who give it to she . the child point in the direction of suzette 's cottage . the two woman exchange glance , indicate : " the foreigner ! " mother begin to cry again . the middle - age woman force the child to drink the tea . scene 41 exterior hardin cottage --( flash ) the group . suzette have pass they and be in foreground go toward she own house . they point after she , whisper . suzette feel this . her face show a bit of alarm . scene 48 exterior side of suzette' cottage with lattice window --( flash ) Old struble come along little side path . hurries toward window . scene 49 live room --( suzette' cottage ) mother of suzette sit at table with small wooden box , with brass hinge and clasp , open before she . she take jewel , string of pearl , several necklace , ring , pin , bracelet -- and finger they . suzette come into the picture and put she hand on she mother 's shoulder gently . the mother start , look around , clutching the jewel . look relieved when she see suzette . scene 50 window --interior live room -( flash ) Old struble , peer through , see the jewel , he eye gleam with avarice . scene 51 live room suzette and she mother unconscious of the old man watch they . suzette ask she mother what this thing mean . her mother glance at the jewel , cover they with she hand , look up at she daughter and say : 25 spoken title : ( in french ) when we lost everything for the faith , I save these for you . ( fade into English . ) suzette put she arm about she mother 's neck , kiss she , then look at the jewel curiously , lift they up , admire they . her mother watch she with a faint smile as though it amused she to see the innocent love of beautiful thing in this daughter who have to do without they . then a look of sadness come over she face . she put she hand on she child 's arm and say : 26 spoken title : ( in french ) : if I die , they will bring money enough for you MARRIAGE portion , or take you back to FRANCE . ( fade into English . ) suzette shake she head , push the jewel away , throw she arm about she mother , beg she not to die but to stay with she . as the mother comfort she , kiss she , she feel the eye of the old miser on she . look up . scene 52 window --interior live room --( flash ) Old struble 's face against the window , look at the jewel . scene 53 live room the mother turn , frighten , begin to push the jewel back in the box , she hand tremble . suzette help she , ask she what be wrong . the mother try to point toward window , but she hand shake , and the seizure begin . suzette look at window . scene 54 window --interior live room --( flash ) struble 's face go -- the window blank . scene 55 live room suzette think she mother have have a hallucination , turn to tell she so -- find she mother ill- - she head throw back -- she eye close -- she body rigid -- she foot and hand twist . she be mutter . ( note : not a epileptic fit -- more the effect of a bad heart or some serious brain trouble . ) suzette , frighten , reach for pitcher on table -- pour water in glass -- begin to sprinkle on mother 's face . as she do so , struble come into picture . suzette look up at he frighten -- put she hand over she mother 's mouth . then conclude that this be useless . struble look shocked . as he look at the mother , say : " Devil 's Latin ! " suzette shake she head , angry -- say scornfully : 27 spoken title : she speak french . not devil' latin . my mother be no witch . struble look at she doubtfully -- calculatingly , as it begin to dawn on he that he can use this witchcraft threat to make she do what he desire . suzette beg he to help she , and together they half lift , half support the mother out of the picture . scene 56 bedroom --( suzette' cottage ) ( High four-posted bed . ) struble and suzette come into the picture , support the mother - - get she on the bed . she come out of the seizure - - open she eye . her daughter give she a drink of water -- speak to she soothingly . struble keep himself in the background . the mother turn she head , close she eye , try to sleep . struble beckon to the girl . she follow he out of the room . scene 57 live room struble enter -- suzette follow he -- come up to he anxiously . he begin to tell she that there 's danger of she mother be accuse of witchcraft . suzette , terribly frighten , say : 28 spoken title : superstition drove US here . my mother speak strangely when she be ill , and they suspected her . look at struble for sympathy and righteous indignation at the very think of they suspect she mother . Old struble purse up he mouth -- nod he head solemnly and point outside -- say : 29 spoken title : they suspect her here . but I will be you friend . suzette horrify , implore he to help she -- begin to cry . he pat she shoulder with he bony hand -- start to draw she to he , but the girl involuntarily draw back . struble realize he have go as far as he can this time -- pat she shoulder again -- chuck she under the chin-- tell she to be a good girl , and he will take care of she . go off smile and chuckle to himself at he diplomacy . the girl stand look after he in horrify amazement -- then as he go out of the picture , she burst into tear , turn and go out of the picture toward bedroom . scene 58 exterior suzette' cottage Wayne , go toward cottage , meet struble come from it . struble tell he that the mother be ill and turn the young man back . Wayne be reluctant -- indicate that at least he could inquire , but struble tell he that he must not -- that the mother be ill and the girl anxious -- indicate that he have something to say to he -- anxious to get Wayne away from suzette , buttonhol he -- pull he along -- say confidentially : 30 spoken title : i've change my mind . you shall start to - night to join the governor's staff . Wayne astonished and delighted . the old man watch he foxily , delighted that he shall go and be keep away from suzette . Wayne try to break away from he guardian , but struble insist upon talk about the journey . Wayne interested in spite of himself at the think of realize he ambition , go with a backward look at the cottage . scene 59 bedroom --suzette's cottage --( flash ) suzette kneel beside she mother 's bed -- she face hide . the mother put she hand on she head -- feebly try to comfort she . ( fade out . ) scene 60 live room --hardin cottage --( night ) ( fade in ) Anne hardin cry -- twitching -- scream -- the Doctor frown -- shaking he head -- the father and mother tell he about the cookie , show he little crumpled piece of cookie the child have in she hand . the Doctor shake he head -- indicate that he do not know what to say -- finally say , solemnly : 31 spoken title : it may be that the child have be -- bewitched . the father , terribly angry , begin to stride about , gesticulate , declare he will have the guilty person punish . scene 61 " office " -- struble house Old struble talk to Richard Wayne , who be dress ready to ride away . struble give he money and advice , patting he arm and talk very fast . Richard take the money -- look down at he guardian a moment thoughtfully -- then smile - - extend he hand , and say : 32 spoken title : for the money and the captain commission I thank you , but --i am loath -- to leave hedford so suddenly . Old struble look at he a little anxiously -- then indicate " that 's all right " - - he will soon be back . begins to hustle he towards door , follow he with advice , quite evidently anxious to get he away . scene 62 driveway --exterior struble's house the horse saddle -- a servant hold it . Richard come on -- say good - bye to he guardian -- mount he horse and ride off . Old struble watch he with a satisfied air -- then instead of go into the house , go down the path toward the gate . scene 63 live room --hardin cottage the mother and doctor caution the father to be still lest he disturb the child . the father turn from they angry and go out of the room hastily . the mother and doctor turn and try to soothe the fretful child . scene 64 gate --exterior hardin cottage Group of neighbor -- man and woman , stand , wait , and talk . the father come out excited -- turn and shout , shaking he fist : 33 spoken title : the foreigner have bewitched my child . consternation and horror on the part of the neighbor . the father move out of the picture in the direction of suzette 's cottage , follow by the neighbor . scene 65 window --suzette's cottage --( near door ) ( flash ) suzette hear noise -- look out of window . scene 66 STREET --( see from suzette' window --a little beyond hardin cottage ) ( flash ) Anne hardin 's father come along with a group of people follow he . he look threaten and angry -- wave he hand -- talk vehemently about witchcraft . the other shudder -- frighten . scene 67 window --suzette's cottage --( flash ) suzette turn from window -- go toward door . scene 68 STREET in front of suzette' cottage --( flash ) Richard riding down the street -- pass the group and dismount at suzette 's door . scene 69 door --interior suzette' cottage --( flash ) suzette at door -- bolt it . scene 70 exterior door --suzette's cottage --( flash ) Richard knock on door . scene 71 door --interior suzette' cottage --( flash ) suzette hear the knock , but be afraid to open it -- think for a moment it might be Richard , but be not sure -- make up she mind that she will not open the door -- stand tremble against it . scene 72 suzette' cottage --door--exterior ( flash ) Richard wait -- knock again -- receive no response -- turn and regretfully go out of picture . scene 73 STREET --further up --( opposite direction ) makepeace struble come along towards suzette 's cottage -- meet minister hurry along toward hardin cottage . they stop and speak , then walk on together . suddenly makepeace point and urge the minister to hurry . scene 74 suzette' cottage --street --beyond ( flash ) the group , lead by the anxious father , go toward suzette 's cottage . scene 75 live room --interior suzette' cottage --( flash ) suzette terrify , turn from the door and rush toward mother 's bedroom . scene 76 gate --exterior struble's cottage struble and the minister meet the group and stop the girl 's father . makepeace caution the girl 's father to be quiet . the father , angry , and protest violently . the minister lift he hand and quiet they -- say : " do nothing until I have examine this woman . " the crowd listen to he sullenly -- make no move to stand aside . scene 77 bedroom --suzette's cottage --( flash ) suzette , have rush in and close the door behind she , be lean against it -- listen , and watch with anxiety , she sleep mother . scene 78 the gate --exterior suzette' cottage --( flash ) makepeace and the minister induce the people to stand back , promise to investigate thoroughly . the minister and makepeace go to the cottage door and knock . scene 79 bedroom --interior suzette' cottage suzette , lean against door , hear knock -- be terribly frighten . glance at she mother -- come to a decision - - go out of picture resolutely --( close door after she , if it be practicable . ) scene 80 door --exterior suzette' cottage --( flash ) Minister and makepeace . makepeace urging the minister to leave it all to he -- the minister shaking he head , tell makepeace he must do he duty . scene 81 door --interior live room --( flash ) suzette , open door , frighten . the minister and makepeace come into the room . as they walk forward out of the picture , she follow they . scene 82 live room -- near fireplace --( semi -close - up ) suzette indicate chair for the minister and makepeace , but the minister decline to sit , call she to he -- begin to ask she about herself and she mother . suzette answer he -- finally say , proudly : 34 spoken title : though we be foreigners , yet be we of the same faith as yourself . the minister impressed by this . suzette follow up she advantage by implore both man vehemently not to disturb and distress she mother . they insist on see she . suzette go to makepeace struble who have be glance on she , figure in he mind how he would use this thing to marry she . she ask he to help she . he take she hand and be fondle it . although she be fill with repugnance , she dare not withdraw it . she put she finger to she lip and makepeace beckon to the minister . they all go toward the bedroom . scene 83 outside bedroom door --( flash ) suzette and the man . suzette get she hand away from makepeace - - open door and indicate they should look . they bend forward , look eagerly . scene 84 bedroom --( shot from doorway ) ( flash ) suzette 's mother asleep . scene 85 doorway bedroom suzette close the door -- confront both of the man determinedly -- tell they they shall not disturb she mother . the minister and makepeace confer together and agree to go for the night and not to disturb she . suzette be very grateful . the minister go , say : 35 spoken title : I will examine you mother in the morning . suzette and makepeace watch he as he go out of the picture . makepeace tell suzette that he would like to see she in the morning -- turn to go , again stroking she hand . suzette get it away from he with loathing , which she endeavor to combat . as he go out of the picture , she look down at the hand which he have be hold -- then toss she head back determine not to think about it -- only of she mother -- turn toward she mother 's bedroom . ( fade out . ) 36 subtitle : the only way . scene 86 STREET near suzette' cottage --( fade in ) the old indian woman , nokomis , come along the street toward suzette 's cottage -- child run after , scream at she -- throw stone - - call she witch . say : 37 spoken title : you and the foreigner witch rode the broomstick last night . we saw you . nokomis turn and chase the child with stick . then shake she head and go toward cottage door . scene 87 doorway --suzette's cottage --( flash ) ( door open ) suzette , stand in the doorway . nokomis come up to she . they go in together . scene 88 live room --suzette's cottage nokomis and suzette enter . nokomis indicate : " do you hear the child ? " suzette nod . nokomis implore she to get she mother away -- say : 38 spoken title : get mother away . salem town hang heap witch monday . suzette shudder , do not know what to do -- tell nokomis she mother be too ill to move . nokomis go toward bedroom . scene 89 bedroom suzette 's mother lie back on pillow , look ill and old . look up as nokomis enter -- take medicine the old squaw give she - - pat suzette 's hand -- tell she she will soon be better . suzette burst into tear and hurry from the room . nokomis look after she . the mother begin to talk to nokomis . scene 90 live room --( flash ) suzette enter -- throw herself full length on the settle begin to weep . scene 91 exterior suzette' cottage --( flash ) Old makepeace struble , all fix up in he best clothes , smirk and smile , come to the cottage door -- knock . scene 92 live room suzette raise she head -- call " come ! " -- get to she foot . as she stand there , wiping she eye , old struble come into the picture and up to she , suzette startle , go to he -- ask if anything be wrong . he ask she how she mother be this morning , indicate the bedroom . suzette beg he to tell she what to do for she mother . Old makepeace shake he head -- indicate he do not know - - it 's a pretty serious matter . she will undoubtedly be name as a witch . the girl , frantic , indicate what can she do -- she mother be too ill to move . Old struble , who have be gloat over she , adjust he ruffle , and say , lean over she , take she by the wrist : 39 spoken title : marry I at once . I am a man of influence and can protect you --and you mother . the girl , simply overwhelm at such a idea , start back , stare at he -- indicate that she do not want to marry he . the old man turn away -- indicate that that 's all right if she do not care what become of she mother . the girl , unhappy and frighten , stretch out she hand . he seize it , and bend over it . as he do this she draw away . he tell she there 's no one else . say to she that she need not count on Wayne - - he 's go and leave she . indicate that she 's helpless unless he help she . vision of Captain Wayne rise -- Wayne sit at table in full regimentals , drink with one of he brother officer ( not drunk ) . Wayne seem , in the vision , utterly gay and careless and to have forget all about suzette . as she start , put she hand on she heart , vision fade -- and old struble who be hold she hand again , begin to plead he cause . the girl in a quick revulsion of feel throw he hand aside and tell he that she will not marry he . Old struble turn on she threateningly -- storm -- point toward bedroom door , and indicate it will go hard with she mother . vision arise either on stone chimney - piece above fireplace or on wall alongside of the girl 's mother fall by the wayside -- the rabble stone she - - as the vision fade the girl put she hand over she eye , and turn to the old man , face he resolutely -- say : 40 spoken title : if you will save my mother , i'll marry you to-morrow . the old man joyfully assure she he will do just that for she . as he take both of she hand in he and stoops toward she - -( fade out ) . 41 subtitle : a useless sacrifice . scene 93 doorway --the meeting house --( fade in ) ( day ) struble come out with suzette on he arm . she be dress as a bride . ( remember a puritan bride . ) she have a necklace on , one of the piece of jewelry she mother have in the jewel box . as they go down the step together , struble put he hand on the necklace to look at it , disguise : the action with a attempt at caress . suzette involuntarily start away from he , so violently that the necklace unclasp in he hand . struble and he wife face each other . a ugly look come over the bridegroom 's face as he see the terror in the girl 's face -- then he smile -- put the necklace in he pocket -- shake he finger at she , reproving she for wear gaud -- remark that he will keep it safely . take she hand , put it on he arm again , and they go in the direction of suzette 's cottage . the guest and bystander look on -- the woman indicate that makepeace struble have show queer taste in take this foreign creature to wife . the young man look after struble enviously , and at the girl rather scornfully , indicate that they wonder how she could marry a old scarecrow like struble when there be young man like themselves about . scene 94 live room --suzette's cottage suzette 's mother sit in chair with pillow at she head -- look ill , nokomis , look after she , tell she they must be come from church now . say to mother : 42 spoken title : why you let her marry old struble to save you ? the mother look at she -- shake she head , indicate she do not understand . nokomis mutter . the mother indicate she feel very ill -- nokomis reach for cup of medicine . as she put it in mother 's hand , the mother gasp -- drop the cup -- put she hand to she heart and fall back , dead . nokomis look at she -- feel she brow and heart -- realize she be dead -- bend over she , moan . scene 95 exterior , suzette' cottage suzette , accompany by struble and several of the company , go toward door . suzette break from the other and go in as though to rush to she mother . scene 96 interior live room --( semi -close - up ) nokomis , lean over the dead woman , raise she head as suzette rush into the picture towards she mother . suzette see nokomis weep , cry out and throw she arm about she mother -- find that she be cold and dead -- lean over she weep . scene 97 live room --( full view ) Old struble and the other people enter the room . nokomis come toward they , point toward the girl and she mother -- tell they that the woman be dead . Old struble put he hand on the casket contain the jewel which be on the table -- order nokomis to leave the house -- nokomis go ; the people who have follow old struble in , stand back awed . as struble go toward the girl ( fade out ) . 43 subtitle : the homecoming . scene 98 trail --wood --( near nokomis ' hut ) ( day ) ( fade in ) Captain Wayne , in uniform , riding toward hedford , look about he , happy at the think that he be go to see suzette again . he be smile . nokomis , at the door of she hut , look up at he . he smile and call to she . she acknowledge he salute with a grunt , and stand watch he out of sight -- then turn shake she head and look in opposite direction , shading she eye with she hand . scene 99 footpath through wood --( leading to nokomis ' hut ) suzette , basket in hand , come along slowly . she be come in through brush behind hut -- have not see Wayne . she wave she hand toward nokomis and commence to run out of the picture . scene 100 exterior nokomis ' hut nokomis at the door , watch suzette . suzette come into the picture and greet she -- give she the little basket full of meat , bread , and vegetable , say : 44 spoken title : there , nokomis -- the silly people who call you witch shan't starve you ! nokomis take it , thanking she , indicate that she have something for suzette . go into hut . suzette follow she . scene 101 interior nokomis ' hut ( this have be one of the earlier settler 's rough log cabin and be now a little tumble - down , but have great stone fireplace -- iron pot hang over -- herb on string hang from rafter -- a big black cat -- a toad or two -- a bird and a little dog . ) nokomis put suzette 's basket in a safe place and take from rough mantle a bead talisman on a bead chain , give it to suzette , say : 45 spoken title : wear it . it will make all wish come true . suzette smile , shake she head rather sadly as though that be not possible , but thanks the indian woman . put it around she neck . as she stretch she hand up , the old woman see something , go to suzette , push the ruffle of she sleeve aside and point to angry red mark and bruise , ask who do it . suzette pull down sleeve , mortify , try to tell she she fall and hurt herself . the old woman be not so easily fool . say to she : 46 spoken title : no lie to nokomis . husband did it . you made bad MARRIAGE . shake she head sadly . the girl try to be cheerful , indicate it can not be help , look at talisman . thanks nokomis again , pat she hand and go out of hut . scene 102 " office " -- struble's house Old struble at desk . have just conclude inventory of he wife 's jewel . the box be open beside he . it amount to a comfortable sum in pound . 47 insert : page of paper in front of he -- with figure show how much it be in English pound . he lean back , well pleased , rub he hand and smack he lip . scene 103 the wood --footpath suzette be meet by a rabble of child . they have stick and stone in they hand , a empty hornet 's nest on a pole , a dead cat at the end of a stick , a pan on which one of they be beat with a stick , and a general collection of odd and end , such as would appeal to child 's mind as either capable of inflict a injury or make a noise . they stop suzette and ask she the way to the witch 's hut . suzette , indignant , say : 48 spoken title : there be no witch . nokomis be only a poor old indian woman ! the child laugh at she , and tell she she do not know anything , that nokomis be a bad witch and they gleefully tell suzette what they be go to do with she . they ask she again where the witch 's hut be . suzette think for a moment , then point of into the wood in opposite direction from nokomis ' hut . one of the bigger boy laugh at she , indignant , point in the direction of nokomis ' hut and say : 49 spoken title : she be lying to US . she be in the hut . suzette see she cannot save nokomis that way -- at she wit 's end what to do . suddenly seize the broom from one of the boy , jump up and down , wave broom in the air and screeching ; like a mad-cat . this so terrify the child that they run out of the picture , scream and drop thing . scene 104 " office " struble's house Wayne enter , hand outstretch . Old struble hastily shut the jewel box and thrust the memorandum under a pile of papers , turn to greet he ward , not particularly overjoy . tries to pretend a little warmth , but be not very good at pretend , and Wayne can see that he be not over - welcome . scene 105 wood --( flash ) ( some distance from where the child first meet suzette . ) Children angry , shaking they fist in the direction of suzette . scene 106 another part of the wood --( opposite direction ) ( flash ) suzette , lean on the old broom , look back at the child , laugh , throw the broom down and run off in the direction of home ( struble home ) . scene 107 " office " -- struble's house Old struble and Wayne talk earnestly . Wayne indicate that he be go to settle down and work hard at he profession . Old struble look at he approvingly . Wayne , after a quick glance at the guardian , say : 50 spoken title : what have become of the little french maid ? Old struble look up at the young man maliciously , indicate himself , and begin to tell he ward he be marry . the young man can hardly believe he ear , jump to he foot , stand look down at he guardian , who watch he with cynical amusement . scene 108 " office " struble's house --( semi -close - up ) struble , watch Wayne , cynically note how hard he be take the news . Richard have be practically stunne , not only from the fact that he guardian have marry at all at he age , but also that it should be this girl . he look at he guardian incredulously , say : " you can not mean you marry she ? " Old struble lean back in he chair smile at he sardonically , toss he head back , indicate : " I mean it -- I be not the old fossil you seem to think I , young sir . " Richard still stare at he incredulously , when suzette enter the picture . come up to she husband , she put she arm on the back of he chair , see Richard and start . Richard , too , start . Old struble put he claw - like hand on suzette 's arm , indicate she with a leer to Wayne , and say : " this be my wife . " suzette hold out she hand . scene 109 " office " struble's house --( close - up ) suzette and Richard then look at each other . he bow over she hand without touch it . the misery in she face as she realize that he condemn she for what she have do , and that he will never understand why she marry struble . anger and contempt on Richard 's face . he think she have marry the old man for he money . scene 110 " office " struble's house --( close - up ) Old struble grin evilly as he watch the young people . scene 111 " office " struble's house --( full view ) Wayne bow , excuse himself , say he must go and remove the dust of travel , go from room . suzette stand look after he -- wonder why he treat she so contemptuously -- then think he may suspect she of have step between he and the fortune he might have get from old struble . suzette start -- turn to struble , who have be watch she jealously , and say : 51 spoken title : let not our MARRIAGE alter the fact that richard wayne be you heir . Old struble get very angry -- ask what business it be of hers what he do with he money -- pick up ruler from table -- strike she as she shrink away -- grab hold of she hand -- pull she to he -- twist she arm until she cry out for mercy . fling she aside roughly . suzette staggering back -- regains she balance -- turn as though to speak to he -- then decide that it be of no use -- go sadly from room , as he sink back into the chair -- glower at she , mad with jealousy . scene 112 live room --struble's house the table be set at one end . Richard Wayne come into the picture -- stop at fireplace near foreground -- take high - back chair which practically conceal he from anyone enter the room unless they know he be there . ( if the old - fashioned easy - chair with " wing " be in existence in 1692 - 3 , use that , -- if not , the easy - chair of the period . ) he swing chair around so that the back be toward room and he face the fire -- sink out of sight in the chair , lean he head on he hand . scene 113 live room --struble's house suzette come into the room with pate on 's tray -- walk down to table past Richard , without see he . scene 114 the table --living room --struble house --( close - up ) suzette come close to table -- put down plate -- look it over -- see that it 's all right -- stand think a moment -- put hand to she neck -- take out talisman ( or it fall out , swinging on its bead chain ) - - look at it -- remember what the old indian woman say to she -- hold it in she hand and say : 52 spoken title : if wishes come true --let richard wayne be my friend . press the talisman to she heart . scene 115 live room --at fireplace -( close - up ) Richard in chair at fireplace , hear this -- turn around -- smile cynically -- think she have do this for effect -- start to rise . scene 116 at table -- live room --( close - up ) suzette at table . she have slip the talisman under the neck of she gown again , and take a step forward from the table , meet Richard who come into the picture , smile . suzette at first look embarrassed -- then greet he warmly -- indicate " since we will have to see a great deal of each other , why can not we be friend ? " Richard , quite sure she be play a game , determine to play it too - - greet she warmly and tell she that he desire it more than anything else . they turn toward table . scene 117 at table -- live room --( semi -close - up ) Old struble enter picture -- look at they , grudgingly order they to sit down . Richard and he sit down . suzette at first wait on they . Richard make a fuss over suzette wait on he -- try to touch she hand . the old man see this -- angry , suzette puzzle and annoyed . then when suzette have take thing from the sideboard to table and start to sit down , Richard place chair for she - - make a great deal of this small courtesy -- put he hand on she shoulder - - keep it there until the old man see it and be angry . suzette alarmed and puzzle . then , as Richard go back to he place , indifferent to she resentment and old struble 's black look , think he have gauge she character and she 's worth nothing -- angry at he guardian for be such a old fool to marry she ; with struble furious at both of they ; with suzette lean back in she chair , look at Richard in amazement ( fade out ) . 53 subtitle : wayne make one mistake -- but old struble make another . scene 118 footpath --wood -( fade in ) suzette go along footpath in wood toward nokomis ' hut , carry basket with food in it . a little girl of eight or nine follow along , hang on she hand , skip , talk merrily to she , Wayne come into picture from opposite direction , so that he will come face to face with suzette - - he stop and wait for she . as suzette come up to he , he bow and greet she smile . suzette 's face harden . suzette give the child the basket -- motion to she to go along with it . the child do so-- run out of the picture in opposite direction to that which they enter . suzette turn and confront Richard Wayne . scene 119 footpath --wood --( close - up ) suzette turn on Wayne indignant -- ask he why he follow she about . Wayne laugh , try to kiss she hand . suzette pull it away -- say : 54 spoken title : ' TIS not right that you follow you guardian' wife about --this way . Wayne think she be pose -- listen to she with a amused smile -- begin to laugh , and before suzette be aware of he intention , take she in he arm . suzette frees herself -- tell he angrily : 55 spoken title : since you have no respect for MARRIAGE -- or for I -- go ! Richard , impressed in spite of himself , look at she a moment in surprise -- then as she move to pass he , seize she by the arm which struble hurt . the girl wince , put she hand involuntarily over the place . Richard notice this , still hold she arm , push back the cuff . scene 120 footpath --( close - up ) suzette 's arm -- black and blue bruise and a great angry red well across it . scene 121 footpath --wood --( close - up ) Richard and suzette . Richard lift he face full of astonishment , anger , and resentment , say : " do he do that ? " the girl try to pull she hand away -- refuse to answer he . Richard , ashamed of himself , bow he head over suzette 's hand without kissing it -- drop it -- look at the girl , and say : 56 spoken title : forgive I ! suzette look at he bow head -- try to speak -- cannot -- turn she head away , clasp and unclasp she hand -- begin to speak . scene 122 nokomis ' rut --( flash ) ( door ajar . ) the child come up to the door -- peek in . scene 123 interior nokomis ' hut nokomis bend over pot at fireplace -- big black cat watch she . she stir the pot , mutter to herself . scene 124 doorway --exterior --nokomis ' hut --( flash ) the child , half frighten , turn to go -- then turn back -- fascinate -- look in again . scene 125 footpath --wood ( Richard and suzette . ) suzette finish tell Richard why she marry struble . Richard take she hand in he -- bend over it -- and press it to he lip , say : 57 spoken title : I understand --and I am go away forever . suzette stand for a moment , stunne at the think of he go -- stretch out she hand toward he -- remember and bring they back again -- put the hand that he have kiss over she own lip for a moment as though suppress she own sob -- tear in she eye -- turn and rush out of the picture toward nokomis ' hut . scene 126 exterior nokomis ' hut ( door ajar . ) suzette come up to hut -- see child look in -- touch she gently on the shoulder -- the child jump , frighten -- almost drop the basket . suzette take it from she hand and tell she to come into the hut . the child shake she head -- indicate she do not like it in there -- she will wait outside . suzette try to persuade she -- then see that the child be really in earnest and go into the hut with the basket , indicate that the child must not go so far away . the child remain at doorway , look after suzette . scene 127 interior nokomis ' hut -- near fireplace suzette enter -- go to the old woman and give she the basket with vegetable , meat and a bit of flour , and watch she as she stir the pot and drop the meat suzette have bring into the pot . as she stir , the old woman look up -- see that suzette be sad -- speak to she . suzette draw the talisman from its hide place ( around she neck ) touch it , and say to the old woman : 58 spoken title : i'm afraid of this . the only wish I 've made have turned out badly . the old woman smile , indicate : " keep it a little longer - - it may be useful yet . " suzette put it back . the indian woman offer she some berry to eat . suzette refuse , indicate she must go out to the child wait outside -- go out of picture toward door . the indian woman follow she , gaze after she with admiration and gratitude . scene 128 exterior nokomis ' hut child at doorway , peer in , turn as suzette come out . they move away together in the direction of the village . suzette take the child 's hand and speak kindly to she . nokomis have come to the door and watch they go . scene 129 " office " struble's house Old struble at desk , look at lift lid of jewel box , contain he wife 's jewel . on lid of box appear vision of suzette 's face turn toward Richard as they look when they first catch sight of each other . Old struble slam the lid and scowl into space , jealous . Richard Wayne enter , dress for travel -- tell he he be go . struble pretend to be surprised and sorry -- urge he not to go . Richard be firm -- indicate that he must go -- go out of the room -- follow by struble , who be secretly delighted . scene 130 exterior struble house --driveway horse saddle , wait for Wayne -- servant hold it , Wayne enter , follow by he guardian -- mount and ride off -- he guardian say good - bye and watch he out of sight with a evil smile . scene 131 STREET --in front of suzette' old cottage suzette bid good - bye to the child who run in the gate . suzette start to go up the street . as she do so , Wayne ride into the picture and down the street , go toward suzette - - lift he hat but do not stop -- go on out of the picture . suzette involuntarily stop --clasp she hand against she bosom , stand watch he as he ride out of the picture with a expression which indicate she think he be riding out of she life . scene 132 live room --suzette's old cottage the child who be with suzette enter . her mother be give the three other child they supper -- mush and milk -- in little bowl . as she give the child the mush and milk , they walk out of the picture toward fireplace . the oldest child ( the one who be with suzette ) be give she bowl , too , with a little scolding for be so late . she walk out of the picture to the fireplace . scene 133 fireplace --living room --( close - up ) ( a good picture of exactly the kind of fireplace desire be show on P. 79 of " Colonial day , " by wilbur f. gord . this fireplace be very deep -- have seat on inside of fireplace , along one side . if practicable would like the vision to be show against the blacken back of the fireplace , a little above the fire line so that the fire , low , not blaze , would be burn beneath the vision . if this be not practicable , can arrange that the vision fall in another place in mantel above fireplace -- but the fireback would be most effective . ) the three small child sit on the long seat inside fireplace , they little bowl of mush and milk in they lap , eat . the oldest child come into the picture -- take little stool in front of fire and sit down with she back partly turn to camera , face she sister and brother . they ask she where she 's be . she glance over she shoulder to see that none of the grow - up be about , listen , lean forward and point mysteriously at the fireback . vision rise there of the interior of nokomis ' hut in which nokomis go through the same motion that she do when she be put the meat and vegetable into the stew -- suzette stand beside she , also ; but as the child tell it , nokomis be a terrible , impossible old witch with a point cap and a long hook nose and claw finger . likewise what she drop into the stew be not meat and vegetable but toad , little snake or long worm -- dead bird with all they feather on , and a kitten or two . suzette be also a witch , but not so ugly , and a talisman she finger , instead of be compose of bead be a little skull -- the eye gleam like pinpoint of fire ( if this be possible to get over ) . instead of a black cat , a little devil with horn and a tail , be watch the two . vision fade out . the child be horror-stricken -- unable to eat , but the oldest one keep on talk and point again to the fireplace . another vision rise of nokomis go up the chimney astride of a broomstick . suzette and the little devil follow she in the same manner . as the child tell this and the vision fade out , the youngest child scream and drop she bowl of mush and milk , commence to tremble and twitch and scream with fright . scene 184 live room --( full shot ) the mother and a neighbor woman rush in and to the child . the mother declare that the child have be bewitch . the other child clutch she skirt as she stop to comfort she . the child who have be the cause of all this be frighten as the rest , but stubbornly answer the neighbor woman , insist that she do see it and that it be just as she say . scene 135 live room --struble house suzette come in , sink down into easy - chair , cover she face with she hand . Old struble enter picture and commence to rail at she , accuse she of have allow Wayne to make love to she , strike she with he stick . suzette , indignant , thrust he back , denounce he for he cruelty to she . she be hysterical and as she point to he with one hand and touch she talisman with she other hand , she say : 59 spoken title : wicked old man -- you bring people nothing but unhappiness . you would be better--dead ! the old man be astonished . this be the first time suzette have ever turn on he . he be a little frighten , too , and point to the talisman , ask she what it be . suzette , see he superstitious fear , play on it , and answer he mysteriously . 60 spoken title : I wear it because it grant I --all my wishes . shake with fear , the old man go out of the picture , glance back at she . suzette stand look down at the talisman , wonder if she have find a way to keep he off . scene 136 exterior struble house the minister and one or two man come toward house . struble come out to meet they , hurry to the minister , commence to tell he at once about he wife , say : 61 spoken title : go--reason with my wife ! she have curse I --and wishes I dead . the other agree that the minister be the one to speak to suzette . the minister and struble go toward house . scene 137 exterior nokomis ' hut a young indian boy ( nokomis ' grandson ) dress in ordinary clothes of the day -- the cast - off clothing of some white boy -- but without shoe , tomahawk thrust in he belt , come to nokomis ' door . listen a moment , knock and enter . ( note : this boy must be very young so that he clothes will look as though they might fit miss Ward . ) scene 138 live room --struble house suzette lean against table , hold talisman in she hand , think as she look at it . the minister and struble come into the picture . suzette greet minister , motion to chair . the minister sit and address suzette almost as though she be a prisoner at the bar . suzette astonished -- do not understand . he commence to accuse she -- suzette understand now , say firmly : 62 spoken title : I do not believe in witch or devil . struble and the minister horrify . struble so work up that he shake he fist at she , begin to scream and rave , fall forward in sort of a fit . the minister and suzette catch he before he fall out of the picture , put he in chair . suzette bend over he . the minister stand look down at he and at suzette , shaking he head . scene 139 interior nokomis ' hut the indian boy have take of he civilized clothes and be now dress like a indian warrior go on the warpath . have war- paint and feather and be adjust tomahawk in belt . nokomis be help he put paint on he cheek . she be talk to he as she do so eagerly . her manner be that of a grow person humoring a child who be play a game seriously . nokomis gather something from what he say , lean forward alertly , and ask he a question . the boy answer , stick tomahawk in belt and hold up two finger . nokomis look alarmed , ask he again . he reply in the same manner , then indicate that she be to keep the clothes he have take off for he . nokomis throw they on a pile of blanket and garment in corner . indian boy grunt , indicate that that will be all right , go out , nokomis watch he . scene 140 struble's bedroom struble ill , lie on bed , he wick mean little eye follow suzette about , hatred of she show in every glance . he strike she hand away when she try to smooth the pillow , refuse to take cup from she , will not take it until the mother of the little child ( scene 132 ) act as nurse , come - - take it , taste it herself and give it to he . at the sign from the nurse , suzette , much distress , go from the picture . the moment she go , the old man sit up in bed , and point after she , say : 63 spoken title : she have bewitched I --she want I to die . the nurse tell he to be quiet , put he back on pillow , and continue to give he content of the cup . scene 141 exterior nokomis ' hut --( long shot ) nokomis , alone , fasten door , start to walk off in direction of village . turn to look back at hut , stumble over rock in road and fall . tries to get up , fall again , sit down on ground , rub she ankle , groan . scene 142 path in wood -- near hut --( flash ) suzette , come along the path , worried , hold talisman in she hand , go toward nokomis ' hut . scene 143 path in front of nokomis ' hut --( full view ) nokomis lift she hand , listen and call . suzette come run into the picture , bend over the old woman , give she a hand , begin to help she up . scene 144 struble's bedroom --( flash ) struble sit up in he bed , gesticulate feebly . the minister and several of the elder group about he bed , listen as he denounce he wife . scene 145 interior nokomis ' hut nokomis sit on pile of blanket and garment at side of fireplace where indian boy 's clothes be -- suzette bathing she ankle . the indian woman , look at the girl -- finally lean over and say : 64 spoken title : two tribe indian make fight --kill white men . how tell captain wayne ? suzette so startle she drop cloth she be make bandage of into basin of water . she be bathing nokomis ' foot -- turn to nokomis to ask she if it be true . nokomis nod -- tell she it be -- point to herself then to she ankle . suzette point to herself . nokomis shake she head . suzette insist -- snatch up indian blanket from beside nokomis - - wrap it around herself -- pretend she be a indian squaw . nokomis laugh -- shake she head -- think -- put hand down beside she - - claw out from among the heap of garment she be lean on the indian boy 's bundle . indicate it to suzette . suzette stoops -- pick it up -- unty it and hold up boy 's clothes -- look at they and then at nokomis . nokomis say : 65 spoken title : indian boy no want --you take --heap safe . suzette look from the garment to the indian woman - - nod she head -- begin to smile . scene 146 struble's bedroom the little child , who say nokomis and suzette be witch , lead in . the minister begin to question she . struble in bed -- lean forward excitedly and begin to ask question . the child look from one to the other , half frighten , nod she head . struble , greatly excited , turn to the minister and elder and indicate : " you see , it 's true ! " get so excited that he fall back , clutches he throat , choke . the nurse come into the picture , order the other to leave the room . they start to go . scene 147 interior nokomis ' hut suzette in boy 's clothes , fasten she collar , feel talisman - - take it out -- hold it toward nokomis - - say : " I come to bring this back . it 's a evil thing . " nokomis shake she head -- do not take it back . suzette tell she that she wish she husband dead and he be ill . the old woman smile -- say : 66 spoken title : only bead -- you husband old bad man . hate make sick -- not bead . suzette ask nokomis if she think that be so . Old woman go on to tell why she think it be . suzette slip talisman back round she neck , turn to go . nokomis suddenly realize that it be dangerous for the girl to go -- hold she back -- tell she not to go . suzette shake she head -- say : 67 spoken title : the soldier must be warned . no one will harm I . go toward doorway . nokomis stretch out she hand and call to she . ( fade out . ) 68 subtitle : the poison of hate . scene 148 struble's bedroom --( night ) ( fade in ) Old struble very ill -- the doctor shaking he head -- say : 69 spoken title : he may live the night . where be he wife ? the nurse shake she head . the minister enter . the doctor speak to he -- ask he if he know . the minister shake he head -- look at the man on the bed -- then indicate he will find she - - go from the room . scene 149 deep in the wood --( moonlight ) suzette in boy 's clothes , travel along in the moonlight , half afraid , jump at every sound , but hurry on . finally hear something -- stop still -- frighten -- look this way and that -- finally look up . scene 150 tree ( deep in wood ) ( close - up ) ( flash ) ( moonlight ) a big owl on a branch have just finish hoot -- look down at the girl . scene 151 deep in the wood --( moonlight ) suzette , look up at he , shake she fist , indicate , " nasty old thing , you frighten I ! " go along , hurry -- look from side to side . scene 152 deep in the wood ( another part ) ( moonlight ) ( flash ) if possible - - a flash here of a fox , wolf , or other wild animal , common to the Massachusetts wood at that time -- not out on the path , but peer out of the bush . scene 153 deep in the wood ( further along ) ( moonlight ) ( flash ) the little figure of the frighten girl in boy 's clothing run through the wood . scene 154 interior nokomis ' hut the old woman lie down on the pile of blanket and garment -- rise slowly up , blink she eye , face the minister and one or two of the elder , one of whom have a blaze stick from , the fireplace in he hand , serve as a illumination . the minister ask the woman about suzette . the old woman answer : 70 spoken title : she' no witch . I no know where go . the minister and elder impatient . they turn to go . the man hold the brand fling it down in fireplace . nokomis start to lie down again . ( fade out . ) scene 155 interior old colonial tavern --near door ( night ) ( fade in ) ( this tavern be the place of meeting for the best people in town , and the tavern need not be show full of loafer -- they be the only meeting place where the godly as well as the ungodly could get refreshment . ) Soldiers , civilian , eat and drink -- not very many of they in sight . suzette come on -- travel -stain , wear , and weary , -- just as a town drunkard be be admonish by a portly gentleman who be point he out with he stick . the tavern keeper , with many apology , be direct he hostler to remove he . suzette dodge the town drunkard and rush into the portly gentleman . he take she by the ear and threaten she with he cane . she dodge from under he grasp and run to the tavern keeper who take she by the arm and be about to send she fly as a boy and a nuisance , when she look up at he -- put she finger to she lip , and say : 71 spoken title : be captain wayne here ? I must see he . ' TIS vastly important . the keeper look at she with respect at the mention of Captain Wayne . excuse himself to the portly gentleman , and walk out of the picture . suzette walk toward the fireplace . scene 156 fireplace --tavern --( night ) ( flash ) suzette enter -- fall exhaust on settle . scene 157 another part of tavern --( night ) ( flash ) Wayne and several of the officer drink ale , eat , and discuss military matter . the keeper come in , take Wayne by the shoulder , indicate that someone want to see he . Wayne rise , excuse himself with a bow , and follow the keeper out of picture . scene 158 fireplace --tavern --( night ) suzette , curl up on settle , asleep , head on arm . Wayne come into picture , tap she on shoulder . as he do so , look down at she , give a exclamation , bend toward she . scene 159 settle --fireplace --( night ) ( close - up ) the two face -- Wayne 's bend over suzette , indicate : " my God , what do this mean ? " suzette 's eye slowly open as she smile up into he face , forget for a moment she errand and she costume . scene 160 settle --fireplace --( night ) ( semi -close - up ) suzette jump to she foot , conscious of the fact that someone may be watch she , put she finger to she lip , indicate to Wayne : " I must see you alone . " Wayne indicate that he understand and look about he . tell she it 's all right -- to tell he now . suzette begin to talk . tell he she news -- say : 72 spoken title : the tribe will rise together . they plan to surprise the fort to-morrow night . Wayne , greatly surprised , make the girl repeat it over again . tell she she 's on time and have save they all . forget himself for a moment , lean over and put he hand on hers , he face show how much he appreciate what she have do , and all he would like to say to she . suzette draw she hand away , indicate that he must be careful . he look around he carefully , recognize the need for caution , unless he would expose she to insult . they turn and go out of the picture together , talk earnestly . scene 161 old struble's bedroom --( night ) Old struble dead . the minister and elder stand about bed . the nurse have put sheet over struble 's face . the minister and elder begin to consult , indicate the dead man . ( fade out . ) scene 162 the edge of the wood --( daylight ) ( long shot ) ( fade in ) suzette and Wayne come toward camera and wood . in background , small squad of soldier wait . Wayne stop , point to the wood , speak . scene 163 edge of wood --( close - up ) Wayne and suzette . Wayne urge suzette to let he send escort with she . suzette shake she head -- say : 73 spoken title : i'm safer without escort as long as no one know I am--suzette . hold out she hand . Wayne stoops as though to kiss it . suzette stop he , look over she shoulder warily . Wayne realize it will not be safe to show emotion -- take she hand and hold it tightly -- look at she . Wayne look after she for a moment -- then turn and go out of picture in opposite direction toward soldier , call to they as he go . scene 164 interior meeting house --( daylight ) solemn meeting of the minister and the elder and several other influential man . the minister announce to the other : 74 spoken title : dame struble be accused of witchcraft and must be apprehended and bring to trial . the other agree , solemnly shaking they head . scene 165 exterior nokomis ' hut --doorway . nokomis seat on doorstep , answer question of one or two man from village , shaking she head . they start to go toward village . nokomis look in opposite direction . scene 166 exterior nokomis ' hut --doorway . suzette , in boy 's clothing , run toward the hut . scene 167 exterior nokomis ' hut nokomis wave she hand , indicate " keep back ! " as she do so , the two man look back and run out of picture in the direction of suzette . nokomis rise -- stand lean against the doorway - - as the two man come back into the picture hold suzette between they . suzette and nokomis plead with they to let suzette come into hut and change she clothes . the man evidently regard the clothes as part of the witchcraft , refuse -- drag she with they toward the village . scene 168 village STREET --( in front of suzette' old house ) people in group talk , the mother of the child , who go with suzette to the hut , especially vigilant , direct attention to she child continually . suddenly the crowd point off and wait . suzette come on , drag by the two man down to foreground . the crowd point at she . the minister come into the crowd -- indicate the girl , and say : 75 spoken title : remove the wicked and ungodly costume in which she attend satan' revel . the people nod they head -- agree that it should be do . suzette beg they to let she be free - - to let she go home . they refuse and drag she out of the picture . ( fade out . ) 76 subtitle : intolerance on the bench and superstition in the jury . scene 169 ( see picture in " Colonial day , " P. 145 - - very bare room . the meeting house be use as a place of trial in many case . ) suzette face the judge and jury . a number of people crowd to see the trial . ( note : in none of this crowd should there be over 50 people show . keep the mob down to indicate a small settlement . in this day 200 be a large town . ) . suzette be try -- the judge badger she . suzette stand , turn on they vehemently , and say : 77 spoken title : there be no devil save in the heart of wicked men . malice and hate be the only witch . the people and the judge shocked and horrify at this . the minister , sit beside the judge , shake he head . the child be bring forward -- immediately commence to scream and twitch -- call out -- point at suzette : 78 spoken title : she' pinching I ! I see the devil like a teeny yellow bird , whispering in her ear ! throw herself around , scream . the mother try to restrain she . another and older girl scream and throw she arm in the air , indicate that she , too , be torture . scene 170 interior meeting house --( close - up ) ( flash ) suzette , as she look pityingly on they . scene 171 interior meeting house --( long shot ) ( flash ) the crowd -- some of they shaking they fist at suzette , indicate she ought to be hang . scene 172 interior meeting house ( near judge's bench ) ( semi - close - up ) suzette , sway with weakness , indicate a chair and ask if she may sit down . they refuse . the man , one on each side of she , jerk she to she foot as she sway . the judge lean toward prisoner and say : 79 spoken title : did you not sell yourself to the devil to compass the death of you husband ? suzette , astonished , lean toward he -- repeat , " the death of my husband -- be he dead ? " the judge point , suzette turn and look toward open doorway . scene 173 OPEN doorway of meeting house -( shot as see by suzette ) ( flash ) the coffin of struble be borne past the wide - open door , on the way to the cemetery . scene 174 meeting house --( flash ) suzette see the coffin-- scream -- put she hand before she eye , and start to fall forward in a dead faint , but be catch and hold by the two man . scene 175 meeting house --( close - up ) ( flash ) nokomis see this -- turn and hurry out of the picture . scene 176 meeting house --( full view ) suzette , hold up by two man , open she eye as the judge rise and pronounce she sentence . he say at the conclusion : 80 spoken title : then shall you be hanged by the neck until you be dead and may GOD have mercy on you soul ! suzette turn and answer he proudly , that she be innocent . as she be lead by the two man out of the picture , she look at the people firmly in the face , and as she pass they they shake they fist at she and threaten she - - she answer they only by say , " I be innocent -- I be not a witch ! " scene 177 wood nokomis , hurry along , meet a man who have be plow , drive two horse ahead of he . nokomis stop he -- plead with he , frantically , to loan she a horse -- tell he about suzette . he stop and speak to she . she shake she head -- beg he for a horse . he indicate she can take it and welcome - - he say : ( if necessary ) 81 spoken title : i'd give more than a horse to stop this terrible persecution . no one be safe ! nokomis thanks he . as she mount bareback and ride away , he look after she - - shake he head and go on he way . scene 178 cell suzette chain . the minister plead with she to recant and confess . a man , accompany minister with pen and paper : ( note : quill pen and sand box ) ready to write down confession . suzette refuse to confess -- shake she head -- say : " I be innocent -- I have nothing to confess . " the minister again entreat she to consider she be near she end and must tell the truth . suzette shake she head and persist in she refusal . scene 179 interior tavern --near doorway ( note : this be the same tavern to which suzette come in search of Wayne , but it have be take possession of by soldier and be be use as headquarters . no landlord or waiter about . Soldiers everywhere , with they gun stack up , go out on duty . a few soldier guard indian prisoner tie up . ) nokomis enter between two soldier -- be stop by another -- who call to a third to get Captain Wayne . the third soldier go out of picture . the other surround nokomis and begin to question she . she refuse to answer they -- indicate that she will speak to no one but the Captain . Wayne enter the picture . nokomis go to he -- begin to tell he about the girl . the soldier and Wayne show they indignation and astonishment . Wayne frantic at the news , seize the indian woman and almost shake the wind out of she . scene 180 cell --( flash ) suzette alone , she face turn toward window -- the sunlight touch she hair and face . she be look longingly out . scene 181 interior tavern Wayne tell the old woman to wait where she be -- turn and rush out of the picture . the moment he do so , nokomis turn and hurry out toward door . one of the soldier start to stop she , but she call out to he that it be all right -- Captain 's order , and he let she go . scene 182 table --another part of tavern the Governor seat at table , talk with several of the officer . they have map spread before they , and a man , dress as a trapper or scout , give they information . Wayne rush in frantic with anxiety , begin to tell they , say : 82 spoken title : she save the settlement from the indian and now --they would hang her as a witch ! the Governor frown -- strike the table with he hand -- then put he hand on Wayne 's shoulder - - say indignantly : 83 spoken title : I am sick of this folly ; and as governor mean to put a stop to it . you shall carry my proclamation to they . Wayne thanks he warmly -- take the paper that the Governor select from that on the table -- and hurry out . the Governor watch he with interest -- turn to the other man and indicate there be more than mere anger in the captain 's desire to get to hedford . the other agree -- they smile , knowingly , as they bring they head together in discussion . ( fade out . ) 84 subtitle : on gallow hill . scene 183 on gallow hill --( fade in ) ( flash ) ( daylight ) the people gather -- the gallow ready -- most of the people have stone and stick in they hand . they be all whisper together and look down the hill . scene 184 foot of hill ( flash ) nokomis come along on horseback . the horse give out . nokomis get down -- try to coax it along . the horse refuse to move . she turn and hurry up the hill . scene 185 at the foot of gallow hill --( another spot ) ( flash ) suzette , between two man , be lead toward gallow . behind she , the minister and several of the elder . scene 186 the wood --( flash ) Wayne and several of he man , riding " hell for leather " through the wood . scene 187 at the gallow --( flash ) suzette be bring to the gallow and turn to face the crowd . scene 188 STREET in front of suzette' old cottage --( flash ) Wayne and several of he man ride in , call out . a old man , hobbling on a stick , point to Gallows Hill . they ride off in that direction . scene 189 gallow hill --( flash ) ( shot from direction of gallow -- so that crowd face camera . ) the crowd . nokomis worm she way toward gallow . scene 190 gallow hill --( long shot ) ( Long shot from the crowd so that suzette face camera . ) suzette tell they that she be no witch , affirm she be innocent . the crowd commence to hurl stick and stone -- some of the smaller one strike she . one man seize a big one . nokomis fling herself in front of suzette as he throw the stone . scene 191 foot of gallow hill --( flash ) Wayne and he man , riding toward camera , shouting . scene 192 gallow hill --( close - up ) ( flash ) nokomis on the ground -- suzette bend over she , weep . scene 193 gallow hill --( long shot ) ( flash ) the crowd , armed with more stone , turn from suzette as the shouting soldier ride through they . Wayne , with he whip , man who be throw strike right and leave at the stone . scene 194 gallow hill ( close - up ) suzette have rise and stretch out she hand , as Wayne , dismounted , wave a proclamation , walk into the picture , stand between she and the crowd , protectingly -- turn to the crowd , angrily -- wave the governor 's proclamation . scene 195 gallow hill --( full view ) ( flash ) the crowd surge forward , listen . scene 196 gallow hill --( close - up ) Wayne address the crowd -- suzette behind he , watch he . he say : 85 spoken title : to the meeting house ! you minister shall read you you governor's proclamation ! hand the proclamation to the minister who come into the picture and turn toward suzette . scene 197 gallow hill --( full view ) ( flash ) the crowd disperse -- follow the minister -- go toward meeting house . scene 198 gallow hill --( semi -close - up ) suzette bend over nokomis , who be be support by a man . one or two people who have lingered watch . suzette stoops over nokomis , who open she eye . Wayne come into picture , stoops over and touch suzette . she put she hand against he shoulder and hold he off -- then take out talisman , hold it toward he , and say earnestly : 86 spoken title : I may be a witch after all ! makepeace died because --i hate he ! the old woman look up at they both -- smile feebly -- touch the talisman which be hang from the girl 's neck and say : 87 spoken title : no magic . old makepeace --him die -- natural . nokomis know . put suzette 's hand in Wayne 's . suzette look at Wayne . the man hold nokomis , lift she up and half lead , half carry she out of the picture -- nokomis look back at the two young people and smile feebly . Wayne put he arm about suzette . scene 199 gallow hill --( close - up ) suzette and Wayne . Wayne have he arm about suzette and be point off , tell she of a new life for both of they -- out of this narrow little town -- as suzette put she hand in he and lift she face , full of hope , indicate that once more she believe happiness be possible . ( fade out . ) screenplay write by Margaret turnbull ( " one of the foremost scenarioist of the day " ) use a " bichrome typewriter ribbon " so that the title would be color red ! base on a story by Dr. Robert ralston reed , which " win the prize offer by the famous player - lasky company for the best story write by the student of the course in photoplay composition at Columbia University . the prize consist of a trip to the company 's studio at Hollywood , California , and three hundred and fifty dollar . " geovisit ( ) ;