withnail and I camden town , London . 1969 the flat . [ a few shaft of sunlight sneak through the curtain and illuminate a sit room . there be empty bottle everywhere . ' I ' , who be smoking a joint , get up somewhat precariously and walk into a kitchen which be full of bottle and dirty wash up . he light the gas on the stove and put on the kettle . ] [ ' I ' knock on the door to withnail 's bedroom ] I : I be have a cup of tea , do you want one ? [ he wait for a response . ] I : do you want a cup of tea withnail !? withnail : no. [ ' I ' leave the flat , slamm the front door behind he ] --------------------------------------------------------------------------- the Cafe [ 'I ' be read a paper at a table in the cafe . the proprietor be cooking egg in a fry pan full of grease . she take one out , insert it between two slice of bread and place it in front of a elderly woman who inspect it doubtfully and bite into the sandwhich . yolk run out of the other edge . ' I ' turn he attention to he paper . the story be about a transexual , the headline ' Love make up my mind , I have to become a woman ' . he look around at the other customer . ] I [ mentally ] : thirteen million londoner have to cope with this , and bake bean and allbran and rape , and I be sit in this bloody shack and I can not cope with withnail . I must be out of my mind . I must go home at once and discuss he problem in depth . --------------------------------------------------------------------------- the flat [ I stumble up the barely light stair look unwell . withnail emerge from he room hold a bottle and glass and follow he . ] withnail : I have some extremely distress news . I : I do not want to hear it . I do not want to hear anything . oh God , it 's a nightmare out there I tell you . withnail [ pour some wine ] : we have just run out of wine what be we go to do about it ? I : I do not know . I do not know . I do not feel good . look ! my thumb have go weird . I be in the middle of a fuck overdose . my heart beat like a fuck clock . I feel dreadful , I feel fuck dreadful . withnail : so do I . so do everyone . look at my tongue . a grey yellow sock . sit down for Christ 's sake , what 's the matter with you ? eat some sugar . [ I go into the kitchen which be by now full of steam and turn off the kettle . withnail follow he around read from a newspaper . ] withnail : listen to this . " curse of the superman . I take drug to win medal say top athlete geoff woade . " I : where 's the coffee ? withnail [ read from the paper ] : " in a world exclusive interview 33 year old shot putter geoff woade who weight 317 pound , admit take massive dose of anabolic steroid , drug ban in sport . it use to get he bad tempere and act down say he wife . he use to pick on I . but now he 's stop he much better in we sex life and in we general life . " [ I pour water from the kettle into a bowl and go back into the live room . withnail follow he . ] withnail : my God , this huge , thatched head with its earlobe and cannonball be now consider sane . " geoff woade be feel better and be now prepare to step back into society and start toss he orb about . " look at he . look at geoff woade . his head must weight fifty pound on its own . [ withnail stand infront of a mirror and brushes he long , greasy hair with a comb . I sit on the settee and start drink the coffee from the bowl use a spoon . ] withnail : imagine the size of he ball . imagine get into a fight with the fucker ! I : please ! I do not feel good . withnail : that 's what you would say but that would not wash with geoff . no ! he would like a bit of plead . add spice to it . in fact , he would probably tell you what he be go to do before he do it . " I be go to pull you head off " . " oh no , please , do not pull my head off " . " I be go to pull you head off because I do not like you head ! " [ he notive I drink from the bowl . ] withnail : have you get soup ? why do not I get any soup ? I : coffee withnail : why do not you use a cup like any other human be ? I : why do not you wash up occasionally like any other human be ? withnail : how dare you !? how dare you !? how dare you call I inhumane !? I : I do not call you inhumane , you merely imagine it . calm down . withnail : right you fucker - I be go to do the wash up ! [ he stride towards the kitchen . I jump over the arm of the settee and stop he . ] I : no no you can not . it 's impossible I swear it . I have look into in . listen to I listen to I . there be thing in there , there 's a tea-bag grow . you have not sleep in sixty hour you be in no state to tackle it . wait till the morning we will go in together . withnail : this be the morning . stand aside ! I : you do not understand . I think there may be something alive . withnail : what do you mean ? a rat ? I : it 's possible , it 's possible . withnail [ brandish he comb ] : then the fucker will rue the day ! [ he rush up the the sink . ] withnail : oh Christ almighty . synous nicotine base . keep back , keep back . the entire sink 's go rotten . I do not know what 's in here . [ he pick up the kettle from the stove then throw it suddenly into the sink . ] I : I tell you . you have be bitten ! withnail : burnt , burnt , the fuck kettle 's on fire . I : there 's something float up . withnail [ with a fork in he hand ] : fork it ! I : no no no , I do not want to touch it . withnail : you must you must . the poop will boil through the glaze . we will never be able to use the dinner service again . [ he rumage about in a drawer . ] withnail : here , get it with the plier ! I : no , no , no , no , no , no . give I the glove . withnail : that 's right , put on the glove . do not attempt anything without the glove . [ I start to move thing about in the sink rather gingerly . ] withnail : what be it ? what have you find ? I : matter . withnail : matter ? where 's it come from ? I : do not look . do not look . I be deal with it ! withnail : I think we have be in here too long . I feel unusual . I think we should go outside . --------------------------------------------------------------------------- the Park [ withnail and I walk along a path in the park . ] withnail : this be ridiculous , look at I . I be thirty in a month and I have get a sole flap off my shoe . I : it will get better , it have to . withnail : easy for you to say lovey . you have have a audition . why can not I have a audition . it 's ridiculous : I have be to drama school . I be good look . I tell you , I have a fuck sight more talent that half the rubbish that get of tv . why can not I get on tv ? I : well I do not know . it will happen . withnail : will it ? that 's what you say . the only programme I be likely to get on be the fuck news . I tell you , I can not take much more of this . I be go to crack . I : I be in the same boat . withnail : yeah , yeah . I feel as sick as a pike . I be go to have to sit down . [ they sit at a bench in the park . ] I : you know what we should do ? I say , you know what we should do ? withnail : how should I possibly know what we should do ? what should we do ? I : get out of it for a while . get into the countryside . rejuvenate . withnail : rejuvenate ! I be in a park and I be practically dead . what good 's the countryside ? what time be it ? I : it 's eight . withnail : four hour to open time . God help we . have we get any embrocation ? I : what for ? withnail : to rub on ourselves you fool . we will cover ourselves in deep heat and get up against a radiator . keep ourselves alive until twelve . [ he spit . ] withnail : Jesus , look at that . apart from a raw potato that 's the only solid to have pass my lip in the last sixty hour . I must be ill . --------------------------------------------------------------------------- the flat [ I be writt in a notebook on the settee while withnail wonder round wear he overcoat and he underpant , smear himself with deep heat . ] I [ mentally ] : even a stop clock tell the right time twice a day . and for once I be inclined to believe withnail be right ; we be indeed drift into the arena of the unwell . make a enemy of we own future . what we need be harmony . Fresh air . stuff like that . withnail : be not much in the tube . there 's nothing leave for you . I : why do not you ask you father for some money . if we have some money we could go away . withnail [ inspect a bottle for dregs ] : why do not you ask you father . how can it be so cold in here . it 's like Greenland in here . we have get to get some booze . it 's the only solution to this intense cold . something 's get to be do . we can not go on like this . I be a train actor reduce to the status of a bum . I mean look at we ! nothing that reasonable member of society demand as they rights ! no fridge , no television , no phone . much more of this and I be go to apply for meal on wheel . I : what happen to you cigar commercial ? withnail : that 's what I want to know . what happen to my cigar commercial . what happen to my agent ? bastard must have die . I : September . bad patch . withnail : rubbish . have not see gylgod down the labour exchange . why do not he retire . [ he pick up a paper . ] withnail : look at this little bastard . Boy land plumb role for top italian director . of course he do . probably on a tenner a day and i know what for : two pound ten a tit and a fiver for he arse . [ he point accusingly at I . ] withnail : have you be at the control !? I : what be you talk about ? withnail : the thermostats . what have you do to they ? I : I have not touch they . withnail : then why have my head go numb . I must have some booze . I demand to have some booze . [ he lunge towards the mantlepiece where there be a bottle of lighter fluid . ] I [ stand up ] : I would not drink that if I be you . withnail : why not ? I : because I do not advise it . even the wanker on the site would not drink that . that 's worse than meth . withnail : nonsense , this be a far superior drink to meth . the wanker do not drink it because they can not afford it . [ he pour the content of the bottle into he upturn mouth . ] withnail : ah. ah. have you get anymore ? [ I shake he head . withnail press forward and I back off . ] withnail : liar , what 's in you toolbox ? I : no we have nothing . sit down ! withnail : liar , you have get antifreeze . I : you bloody fool . you should never mix you drink ! [ withnail laugh histerically , collapse to the floor and emit unpleasant vomitt noise . ] ---------------------------------------------------------------------- the Street [ they walk towards a rather rough look pub : ' the Old mother blackcap ' . ] withnail : all right , this be the plan . we get in there and get wreck . then we will eat a pork pie . then we drop a couple of soamser fifty each ; mean we will miss out Monday but come up smill Tuesday morning . what 's that appall smell ? I : perfume on my boot . I have to scrub the with essence of petunia . ---------------------------------------------------------------------- the pub [ withnail move somewhat precariously to the bar . the pub be a simple affair with a few man sit round at table drink . ] withnail : two large gin , two pint of cider . Ice in the cider . I : if my father be load I would ask he for some money . withnail : if you father be my father you would not get it . barman : : there you be lad . withnail : Chin chin . [ withnail chink he glass against the other , which I have not pick up yet , and downs the gin in one . I follow suit but gag slightly . ] I : ugh . what about what - he -name ? withnail : what about he ? I : why do not you give he a call . withnail : what for ? I : ask he about he house . withnail : you want I to call what - he - name and ask he about he house ? I : why not ? withnail : alright . what 's he number ? I : I have no idea - I have never meet he . withnail : well neither have I . what the fuck be you talk about ? I : you relative with a house in the country . withnail : monty ? uncle monty ? I : that 's he . that 's the one . get the jag fix up . spend the weekend in the country . withnail : alright . give we a tenner and I will give he a bell . I : get a couple more in . I be go for a slash . [ next to the door to the gent be a rather large irish man sit with he pint and he paper . ] Big irish man : Ponce [ I ignore he and go into the gent . ] I [ to himself ] : I could hardly piss straight with fear . he be a man with 3 / 4 of a inch of brain who would take a dislike to I . what have I do to offend he ? I do not consciously offend big man like this . and this one 's a decide imbalance of hormone in he . get any more masculine than that and you would have to live up a tree . [ he read the grafitti ] ' I fuck arse ' , who fuck arse ? [ aloud ] maybe he fuck arse . [ to himself again ] maybe he 's write this in some moment of drunken sincerity . I be in considerable danger in here . I must get out of here at once . [ he walk back into the bar . ] Big irish man : perfume ponce ! [ withnail be still at the bar . he have make considerable progress with he cider and be eat some snack . ] withnail : you will be pleased to hear monte 's invite we for drink . I : ball to monty we be get out . withnail : ball to monty !? I have just spend a hour flatter the bugger . I : there 's a man over there do not like the perfume . the big one . do not look , do not look . we be in danger , we have get to get out . withnail : what be you talk about ? I : I have be call a ponce . [ withnail turn to address the room in general . ] withnail : what fucker say that !? [ the large irish gentleman in the corner get up and walk over to they . now he be upright we see he be very large indeed and do not look friendly . ] Big irish man : I call he a ponce . and now I be call you one . Ponce ! withnail ( smile ) : would you like a drink ? Big irish man : what 's you name mcfuck !? [ as he say this he jerk the scarf from around withnail 's neck . ] withnail : I have a heart condition . I have a heart condition . if you hit I it 's murder ! Big irish man : I will murder the pair of y'er . withnail : my wife 's have a baby . listen , I do not know what my f.. [ he start to say friend but decide on a better course of action ] acquaintance do to upset you but it 's nothing to do with I . I suggest you both go outside and discuss it sensibly , in the street . [ they push past the man and rush to the door . ] withnail : ahhhh , out of my way . --------------------------------------------------------------------------- the bathroom [ I be in the bath shave . ] I : speed be like a dozen transatlantic flight without ever get off the plane . timechange . you lose , you gain . make no difference so long as you keep take the pill . but sooner or later you have get to get out because it 's crash then all at once the freeze hour melt out through the nervous system and seep out the pore . [ withnail enter with they lunch from the chippy ] withnail : the bastard . justice suck . it 's a miserable cheap cigar and the bastard will not see I . I : why be we have lunch in here ? withnail : it 's dinner and Danny 's here . I : Danny !? how do he get in ? withnail : I let he in this morning . he lose one of he clog . he 's come in because of the perpetual cold . I hope the bugger sale plummet . I : I have get you savaloy . here . I do not want it . withnail : then stick it in the soap tray and save it for later . [ he scrunches up the paper that be hold he chip and put it in the toilet ] I : do not vent spleen on I . I be in the same boat . withnail : stop say that . you be not in the same boat . the only thing you be in that I have be in be this fuck bath . I : Danny 's here . head hunter to he friend . head hunter to everybody . he do not have any friend . the only people he converse with be he client and occasionally the police . the purveyor of rare herb and prescribe chemical be back . will we never be set free ? ---------------------------------------------------------------------- the flat [ I come out of the bathroom wrap in a towel . ] I : Danny . Danny : you be look very beautiful man . have you be away ? St. Peter preach the epistle to the apostle look like that . have you get any food . I : mmm , as a matter of fact , get a savaloy . Danny : how much be it ? I : you can have it for nothing . [ Danny sniff the sausage . withnail enter from the kitchen glue the sole back on he shoe . he be wear a rather expensive look suit . ] Danny : I see you be wear a suit . withnail : what 's it get to do with you ? Danny : no need to get uptight man . I be merely make a observation . I happen to be look for a suit for the coal man two week ago . for reason I can not really discuss with you the coal man have to go to Jamaica . get bust come back through heathrow , have the weight under he fez . we wore out that it would be handycarma for he to get hold of a suit but he 's a very low temperature spade the coal man , go into court wear a kaftan and a bell . this do not go down at all well . they can handle the kaftan but they can not handle the bell . so there 's this judge sit there sit in a cape like fuck batman with this really rather far out look hat withnail : a wig . Danny : no man , this be more like a long white hat . so he look at the coalman and say ' what 's all this . this be a court man . this be not fancy dress ' and the coal man look at he and say ' you think you look normal , you honour ? ' . cunt give he two year . [ I laugh a little . withnail look on unamuze . ] Danny : I be afraid I can not offer you gentleman anything . I : that 's alright Danny . we would decide to lay off for a bit . Danny : that 's what I think . except for personal use I concur with you . as a matter of fact i be think of retire and go into business withnail [ scoff ] : do what ? Danny : the toy industry . [ there be a stange look contraption on the table involve a bottle . ] withnail : think you be in the bottle industry . Danny : no man , that 's a side line . you can have that . instruction be include . yeah . my partner 's get a really good idea for make doll . his name 's ' presume Ed ' . his sister give he the idea . she get a doll on Christmas what piss itself . withnail : really . Danny : then you have get to change its draw for it . horrible really but they be like that the little girl . so we be go to make one that shit itself too . withnail : shit itself !? Danny : he 's a expert . he 's building the prototype now . [ to I ] why 's he behave so uptightly . withnail : because a gang of cheroot vendor consider a hair cut beyond the limit of my ability Danny : I do not advise a hair cut man . all hairdresser be in the employment of the government . Hair be you aerial . they pick up signal from the cosmos and transmit they directly into the brain . this be the reason bold - head man be uptight . withnail : what absolute twaddle . Danny : have he just be bust ? I : no. Danny : then why 's he wear that old suit ? withnail : Old suit ? this suit be cut by hawke 's of saville row . just because the best tailore you have ever see be above you fuck appendix do not mean anything . Danny : do not get uptight with I man . because if you do I will have to give you a dose of medicine and if I spike you you will know you have be speak to . withnail : you would not spike I you be too mean . besides , there 's nothing invent I could not take . Danny : if I medicine you you would think a brain tumour be a birthday present . withnail : I could take double anything you could . Danny [ remove he sunglass ] : very , very foolish word man . I : he 's right withnail . look at he . his mechanism go . he 's have more drug than you have have hot dinner . withnail : I be not have this shag -sack insulting I . let he get he drug out . [ Danny get a doll out of a bag . ] Danny : this doll be extremely dangerous . it have voodoo quality . [ withnail snort . Danny take the head off the doll and extract a handful of pill . ] Danny : Trade : phenodihydrochloride benzelex . Street : the embalmer . withnail : ball . I will swallow it and run a mile . Danny : cool you boot man . this pill 's value at two quid . withnail : two quid ! you be out of you mind . I : that 's sense withnail . withnail : you can stuff it up you arse for nothing and fuck off while you be do it . Danny : no need to insult I man . I be leave anyway . have either of you get shoe ? --------------------------------------------------------------------------- monte 's house [ a batter jag pull up outside monte 's house and withnail and I get out . there be a rather flash look open-topped roll park outside . the sound of a schubert piano sonata come from the house . ] withnail : monte 's car . [ withnail knock on the door . monte , a rather fat , effeminate , middle - age gentleman , open the door . he be hold a very large fluffy cat and a water can . ] monty : oh hello . come in . [ they enter and go into the lounge . ] monty : sit down do . would you like a drink ? [ they sit together on a sette . ] withnail : sherry ! monty : [ to withnail ] sherry . [ to I ] sherry ? I : sherry . monty : sherry . [ monty move to the sideboard and pour the drink . withnail light up yet another cigarette . ] monty : do you like vegetable ? I have always be fond of root crop but I only start to grow last summer . I happen to think the cauliflower more beautiful than the rise . withnail : Chin chin . [ he drink the sherry . ] monty : do you grow ? withnail : geranium . monty : oh you little traitor . I think the carrot infinitely more fascinating than the geranium . the carrot have mystery . Flowers be essentially tart . prostitute for the bee . there be you will agree a certain je not ses quoi oh so very special about a firm young carrot . Excuse I . do help yourselves to another drink . [ withnail turn and reach a bottle over from the sideboard . he take a long swig . ] I : what 's all this . the man 's mad . withnail : eccentric . I : eccentric ? he 's insane . not only that he 's a rave homosexual . [ there be a yowl from the cat . monte storm back into the room precede by the cat . ] monty : you beastly little parasite . how dare you ? you little thug . how dare you ? ooohhhh . beastly ungrateful little swine . [ he deposit he considerable bulk on the other settee , face the first . ] withnail : shall I get you a drink monte ? monty : yes . yes please dear boy . you can prepare I a small rhesus negative bloody Mary . and you must tell I all the news . I have not see you since you finish you last film . [ I smile wriley to himself . withnail downs the drink he have prepare for himself , pour another and start make the bloody Mary for monty . ] withnail : Rather busy uncle . tv and stuff . my agent 's try to edge I towards the Royal Shakespeare again . monty : oh splendid . withnail : he 's just have a audition for rep . monty : oh splendid . so you be a thespian too ? [ withnail deliver monte 's drink and sit beside he . ] withnail : monte use to act . monty : I would hardly say that . it 's true I creep the board in my youth but I never have it in my blood and that 's what so essential be not it ? theatrical zeal in the vein . alas , I have little more that vintage wine and memory . [ he stand and look at a photograph on the mantlepiece . ] monty : it be the most shatter experience of a young man 's life when he awake and quite reasonable say to himself : [ he put he hand on he heart ] I will never play the dane . when that moment come , one ambition cease . do not you agree ? withnail : a part I intend to play , uncle . monty : and you will be marvelous . [ he start quote from hamlet ] we do it wrong , be so majestical . to offer it the show of violence ...... [ as monte ramble in the background I step over to withnail and whisper . ] I : he 's a madman . any moment now he 's go to rush out and get into he tight . withnail : ok ok . give I a minute . I : the house or out . [ withnail stand and move over to monte . ] withnail : could I have a word with you monte ? monty : oh forgive I dear boy , forgive I . I be allow memory to have the better of I . withnail : shall I get you a top up ? [ he move to the sideboard again . monte sit down and reminisc . ] monty : indeed I remember my first agent . Raymond duck. dreadful little israelite . four floor up at the charr cross and never a job at the top of they . I be tell you be a writer too . do you write poem ? I : no , I wish I could . it 's just thought really . monty : have you publish ? I : no no . monty : where do you school ? withnail : he go to the other place monte . monty : oh you go to eton ? [ the cat reappear on I 's chair . ] monty : get that damned little swine out of here . it 's try to get itself in with you . it 's try for even more advantage . it 's obsessed with its gut - its like a rugby ball now . it will die , it will die ! [ he storm around ineffectually . ] withnail : monte , monte . monty : no dear boy you must leave , you must leave . once again that oaf have destroy my day . withnail : listen monte . can I just have a quick word in private . monty : oh , very well . [ later they be leave the house . monty show they to the door . ] monty : good night my dear . withnail : good night monty . [ monty close the inner door to the porch behind they . ] I : what 's all this go off in private business ? why do you tell he I go to eton ? withnail : because it would not have help if I have not . I : what do you mean by that ? withnail [ show he the key to the cottage . ] : free to that that can afford it . very expensive to that that can not . ---------------------------------------------------------------------- the car [ they leave camden in I 's batter old jag . withnail , still in he suit , have a bottle and be clearly drunk . they pass some schoolgirls . ] withnail : scrubber ! scrubber : up yours grandad ! withnail : scrubber ! scrubber ! I : shut up . withnail : Little tart they love it . I : listen , I be try to drive this thing as quietly as possible . if you do not shut up we will get stop by the police . [ the pass a notice anounce a accident blackspot . ] withnail : look at that , look at that . Accident black spot . this be not accident . they be throw themselves into the road gladly . throw themselves into the road to escape all this hideousness . [ to a pedestrian ] throw yourselves into the road darling , you have not get a chance . [ somewhat later they join the motorway . ] withnail : at some point or another I want to stop and get hold of a child . I : what do you want a child for ? withnail : to tutor it in the way of righteousness and procure some uncontaminated urine . [ he take out the bottle and instruction provide by Danny . ] withnail : this be a device enable the drunken driver to operate in absolute safety . you fill this with piss , take this pipe down the trouser and sellotape this valve to the end of the old chap . then you get horrible drunk and they can not fuck touch you . accord to this instruction , you refuse everything except a urine sample . you undo you valve , give they a dose of unadulterate child 's piss and they have to give you you key back . Danny 's a genius . I be go to have a doze . [ they drive on . later , with the light fade , they leave the motorway . it become clear that the car have only one function headlight . still later it be totally dark and raining heavily . I stop and attempt to transfer the single wiper from withnail 's side of the car to he own but it refuse to come off . he get back in the car and in shutting the door wake withnail , who look considerably the worse for wear . ] withnail : be we there ? I : no , we be not we be here and we be in the middle of a fuck gale . now you will have to keep a look out you side . if you see anything tell I . get hold of that map . withnail : where 's the whisky ? I : what for ? withnail : I have get a bastard behind the eye . I can not take aspirin without a drink . where 's the aspirin ? I : probably in the bathroom . withnail : you mean we have come out here in the middle of fuck nowhere without aspirin ? I : where be we ? withnail : how should i know where we be . I feel like a pig shat in my head . I : now get hold of that map and look for a place call crow crag . ---------------------------------------------------------------------- the cottage [ they draw up in a yard and get out of the car . withnail stagger around aimlessly as I get the baggage from the boot . ] withnail : there must and shall be aspirin . I : give I the key and get out of the way . withnail : if I do not get aspirin I shall die here on this fuck mountainside . [ they enter the house . I light a match and find a lantern which he light . as the light come up the inside of the cottage become visible . it be rather spartan . ] withnail : Christ almighty [ I look round a little more thouroughly . he notice a picture of monty on the wall . ] I : monty ! [ he look accross to withnail who be sit dejectedly in a chair . ] I : what be you do ? withnail : sitting down to enjoy my holiday I : right , now we be go to have to approach this scientifically . first thing we have get to do be get this fire alight , then we split into two fact find group . I will deal with the water and the plumbing , you check the fuel and wood situation . [ a little later withnail re-enter the cottage from a rather wet and windy night . he be hold a small stick . ] I : what 's that ? withnail : the fuel and wood situation . there 's nothing out there except a hurricane . this place be uninhabitable . [ they sit close to the fire , which be rather small . ] I : give it a chance . it 's get to warm up withnail : warm up !? we may as well sit round a cigarette . this be ridiculous . we will be find dead in here next spring . [ he attemp half - heartedly to light a cigarette . ] withnail : I have get a blind fuck headache . get to have heat ! [ he stand and smashes a chair against the floor . a little later the fire be burn considerably higher . ] withnail : Problem 's we have get to keep this bastard burn I : well we have get enough furniture for tonight . tomorrow we get down that farm and get some log . withnail : this be a mistake I tell you . this be a dreadful mistake . ---------------------------------------------------------------------- I 's bedroom [ I wake the next morning and get out of bed . he check on withnail who be still asleep . he step outside and walk accross the yard to examine the view . it be quite magnificent . later , he be dress and walk down to the farm . the building be surround by a assortment of farmyard junk . he knock at the door ] Old woman : who 's there ? I : I ! [ the door open cautiously and a old woman peer out inquiringly . ] Old woman : what do you want ? I : I be a friend of Montague withnail . he 's leat we he cottage . I wonder if you could sell we some food . egg and thing . [ she look blankly at he . ] I : what about wood and coal ? [ again , he elicit no responce . see she be wear a hearing aid , he bend down and talk directly to it . ] I : I be not from London you know ! Old woman : I do not care where you come from . [ she slam the door . I walk away . ] I : [ to himself ] not the attitude I would be give to expect from the h E bate novel I would read . I think they would all be out the back drink cider , discuss butter . clearly a myth . evidently country people and no more receptive to stranger than city dweller . [ he walk back to the house and address the door . ] I : do you think you could tell I where I could buy some coal and wood ? Old woman : you will have to see my son . he run this farm . I : where be you son ? Old woman : up in top field . you can not miss he , he leg bound in polythyne . ---------------------------------------------------------------------- the cottage [ I walk back into the yard outside the cottage , slip , and fall in the mud . he pick himself up and storm inside . ] I : withnail you bastard wake up . [ he bang on the ceiling and move to the sink to wash . ] I : oye , wake up you bastard you have get to get wood . [ withnail enter , dress already and wrap in a blanket . ] withnail : Jesus , you be cover in shit . I : I try to get fuel and wood , there 's a miserable little pensioner down there would not give it I . withnail : where be we go to get it then ? I : there 's a man up on the mountain . why he 's up there , fuck know , but he 's up there with a leg bound in polythene , you can not miss he , he 's you man . and have another look in that shed . find anything . if you can not find anything , bring in the shed . [ later , they be sit down to a simple lunch . ] I : how come monty own such a horrible little shack ? withnail : no idea . I : you never discuss you family do you ? withnail : I fail to see my family 's of any interest to you . I have absolutely no interest in yours . I dislike relative in general and in particular mine . I : why ? withnail : I have tell you why . we be incompatible . they do not like I be on stage . [ he stand up and take a foil from its bracket on the wall and stride up and down in actorly fashion . ] I : then they must be delighted with you career . withnail : what do you mean ? I : you rarely be . [ withnail point the sword menacingly , although there be a cork on the end . ] withnail : you just wait . just you wait . when I strike they will not know what hit they . [ he hear a noise from outside . ] withnail : tractor approach . [ he go to the window and knock he head on the lantern hang from the ceiling . ] I : then get after it . that 's the man . [ they rush out of the cottage and pursue the tractor . ] withnail : hey , stop ! I : stop withnail : stop I : stop please ! [ the tractor driver notice they and stop . ] withnail : stop please ! please stop ! [ they run up to the side of the tractor and address the driver , Mr parkin . ] withnail : be you the farmer ? [ to I ] shut up , I will deal with this . [ to parkin ] we have go on holiday by mistake . we be in this cottage here . be you the farmer ? I : stop say that withnail , of course he 's the fuck farmer . [ to parkin ] we be friend of Montague withnail , we desperately need fuel and wood . [ the farmer shake he head , bewilder . ] I : montegue withnail , you must know he . fat man , own the cottage . parkin : ay , see the fat man . London type . queer sort . think he name 's french or something . withnail : french !? parkin : ay , adrian de la touche . he have not be up year for couple of year . last time I see he , he be ; he be with he son . I : yeah , that 's he . withnail : listen , we be bona fide . we be not from London . could we have some fuel and wood ? parkin : ay , I could bring you up some log later but I have get the cow and that to feed first . withnail : when ? I : shut up . that would be very kind of you . erm , what about food ? do you think you could sell we something to eat ? parkin : I could bring you up a chicken but you will have to go to the village really . I : that would be very kind of you mr? parkin : parkin I : Mr parkin . what happen to you leg ? parkin : get a randy bull up there . give I one in knee ! [ they walk back inside . I clap withnail on the back . back inside , withnail remove he boot and place they in the oven attach to the fire . ] I : you want to get out the back do not you ? get some spud up . withnail : sorry I can not . my boot be in the oven I : you would go if you have boot ? withnail : gladly [ withnail emerge from the back door with polythene bag tie around he foot . he walk into the garden and after a little unearth a potato . ] withnail : I have get one ! [ later , the potato be peel and ready to be cook . I sit read ' journey 's end ' while withnail doze in front of the fire . I hear the tractor once again and go out to meet parkin . he be there with some log . ] I : great . how much do we own you ? parkin : pay we when you come down I : what about this chicken ? parkin : 's on back [ back inside I have leave the chicken on the table . it be alive and look round questioningly . he nudge withnail to wake he . ] I : oye ! oye ! parkin 's be . there 's the supper ! withnail : what be we suppose to do with that ? I : eat it withnail : eat it !? fucker 's alive I : yeah , you have get to kill it . withnail : I !? I be the firelighter and fuel collecter . I : yeah I know but I get the log in . it take away you appitite just look at it . withnail : no it do not I be starve . how can we make it die ? I : you have get to throttle they . withnail , I think you ought to kill it instantly in case it start try to make friend with we . withnail : alright , you get hold of ir . I will strangle it . I : I can not . that dreadful , beady eye ! they stare you out ! withnail : it 's a bloody chicken . just think of it with bacon across its back ! right , I will deal with this . you will have to get its gut out . [ later , I be wash he hand in the sink have finish get the chicken gut out . withnail enter with a shotgun and point it at I 's head . ] I : never point gun at people . extremely dangerous . now what about this roasting dish ? what be we go to cook it in ? withnail : you be the food and plumming man . I have no idea . I wish I would find this a hour ago . I would have take great pleasure in gun this pullet down . [ he poke the chicken with the gun . it still have a few feather . ] withnail : should not it be more bald than that ? I : no it should not . right , we be go to have to reverse the role . we can bake the potato in the oven and boil this bastard over the fire . [ he try to push the chicken into a kettle but it be too large to fit . ] withnail : let get its foot off I : no , it 's go to need it 's foot . [ he remove the chicken and take it to the fire . open the oven , he remove withnail 's steaming boot and point the the brick in the oven . ] I : straddle they either side of that . [ he sit the chicken on the brick . ] --------------------------------------------------------------------------- a phonebox [ I be smoking stand outside the phonebox wait for withnail . ] withnail : I have already put two shilling piece in . no I have not get another . it 's not my fault if the system do not work . [ he emerge from the phonebox . ] withnail : bitch hang up on I . [ I fish around in he pocket and find a shilling for withnail who go back into the phonebox and dial . ] withnail : hello . how be you ? very well . what ! why would not they see I ? this be ridiculous . I have not be up in a job for three month . understudy Constantine !? I be not go to understudy Constantine , why can not I play the part ? this be ridiculous . no , I be not in London , penryth . penryth ! well , what about tv ? listen , I pay you ten percent to do that . well lick ten percent of the arse for I . hello ? hello ? hello ? hello ? how dare you ! fuck you . [ he take out he frustration on the phone , hit it for a while then leave the phonebox . ] withnail : bastard ask I to understudy Constantine in the seagull . I be not go to understudy anyone , especially that little pimp . anyway , I loath that Russian play . always full of woman star out of window whinning about duck go to Moscow . [ returning from penryth they walk accross a field . I be carry some shopping . ] withnail : what do you think to desmond Wolf ? I : with respect to what ? withnail : I be think of change my name . I : too like Donald woolfe [ he hand the bag to withnail and open a gate . it be clearly mark ' shut this gate ' ] I : here , changeover point . [ withnail slam the gate behind they but it do not fasten . they see parkin on he tractor . ] withnail : do you think he 's happier than we ? I : no withnail : I suppose happiness be relative . I never think it would be a polythene bag without the hole in it . [ parkin turn the tractor towards they , stop and run towards they . ] I : what 's up with he ? parkin : shut that gate , shut that bull ! I : you do not shut the gate ! parkin : shut that gate , shut that bull ! [ a bull appear and push the gate open . withnail thrust the bag into I 's hand and vault the wall . I be leave face the bull in a narrow corridor between two wall . ] withnail : grab its ring . keep you bag up . outvive he . parkin : hey , listen , show no fear ! just run at it I : well that can not be sensible can it ? the bastard 's about to run at I parkin : well he 's randy ! I : yeah , yeah . I know he be [ withnail have he cigarettes out and be lighting up . ] withnail : want to get down there and have sex with that cow . I : shut up withnail ! parkin : just run at it , shouting ! withnail : do as he say , start shouting . it will not gore you I : a coward you be withnail . a expert on bull you be not ! [ he shout and throw the shopping in the air . the bull roar , I shout again and run at it . it turn and retreat to its field . ] parkin : shut that gate and keep it shut . withnail : I think a evening at the crow ! --------------------------------------------------------------------------- the field [ it be dark . the silloute of withnail and I appear on the skyline . ] I [ narrate ] : if the crow and Crown have ever have life it be dead now . it be like walk into a lung . a self - sustained nicotin-yellow and fly-blown lung . its landlord be a retire alcoholic with military pretention and a complection like the inside of a teapot . by the time the door open he be arsehole on rum and get progresively more arsehole until he could take no more and fall over at about twelve 'o ' clock . --------------------------------------------------------------------------- the crow and Crown [ withnail and I be stand at the bar . ] withnail : we will have another pair of large scotch . [ Raymond , the publican , get the drink and take the money for they . in open the till he just avoid fall over . withnail and I suppress laughter . ] Raymond : think I be go for a minute but no man 's put I down yet . have you have any training in the martial art ? withnail : yes , as a matter of I have . before I become a journalist I be in the terretorial . Raymond : do you know , when you first come in here I know you be a service man . you can never , never disguise it . withnail : what be you in ? Raymond : tank . afrika korp . a little before you time . do not suppose you have engage . withnail : Ireland . Raymond : ooooh , a crack at the Mick . withnail : we will have another pair of large scotch Raymond : this shall be my pleasure . what be you do up here then ? withnail : we be do a feature for country life . Survey of rural type : farmer , travel tinker , milkmen ; that sort of thing . Raymond : have you meet Jake ? poacher . Works the lake but keep it under you hat , hmm ? [ they take they drink to a table . ] I : what 's all this army bollock ? withnail : we get a drink do not we ? [ Rather later , the pair be the only remain customer . Raymond , wiping down the bar , be clearly leggless . ] Raymond : time please gentleman . I : I think he mean it [ the door clatter open and a man in a thick coat walk in , lean over the bar and help himself to a beer . I nudge withnail . the man take a eel from he trousers which wriggle around violently . he strike its head on the bar and return it to he trousers . ] I : ask he if we can have one withnail : what for ? I : so that we can eat it ! ' we be feed up with stew ' [ they approach the bar . ] withnail : Excuse I , could we have a eel ? you have get eel down you leg Jake : you leave they alone . nothing down there of interest to you . [ he remove a pheasant from under he coat . ] help we out Raymond . he 's be stuff from arsehole to t' beak . I : ask he if we can have one of that . go on . withnail : Excuse I , we be wonder if we could purchase a pheasant off of you Jake : no. withnail : come on old boy . what 's in you hump ? Jake : that pheasant be for he pot . there eel be for my pot . now what make you think I should give you something for you pot ? withnail : what pot ? I : we cooking pot . Jake : ah , he know . here , give we a wheeze on that fag . [ he take the cigarette from withnail 's mouth and take a draw . I give he the remain of a packet . ] Jake : might come up and see you lad in the week . might bring you up a rabbit . withnail : we do not want a rabbit , we want a pheasant . Jake : now listen here you young prat . have not get no pheasant . have not get no bird . no more than you have . withnail : of course you have , you be the poacher . Jake : if I hear more word out of you I will come up and set one of this black puddin' on you withnail : do not threaten I with a dead fish Jake : half dead he might be , but I will come up after you and wake you up with a live one . withnail : sod you pheasant . you will have to find we first . [ they make to leave ] Jake : I know where you be . you be at crow crag . I have be wathch you . especially you , prancing like a tit . you want work on boy . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ---------------------------------------------------------------------- withnail : if i see that sillage heap prowling around here i'll take the bastard axe to he . bastard . you will all suffer . i'm go to be a star ! ---------------------------------------------------------------------- withnail : vegtables again . I will be sprout feeler soon I : there 's black pudding in it . withnail : Black pudding be no good to we . I want somethings flesh ! ---------------------------------------------------------------------- withnail : I think I will call myself Donald twain . get down , get down . it 's he , what do he want ? I : better get down there and ask he . withnail : do not be ridiculous , he 's get a gun . bastard 's phycotic , you have only get to look at he . ---------------------------------------------------------------------- withnail : this place have become impossible . nothing to eat , freezing cold and now a madman on the prowl outside with eel . I : alright you have make you point . we pack up tomorrow and get out . withnail : where be you go ? I : I be go for a slash withnail : you can not go outside , i can not get my boot on when they be hot . I : then i'll go alone withnail : no you will not this be the sort of window face look in at . I : alright then i will not have a slash withnail : and in both we interest i think we should sleep together tonight . I : do not be ridiculous he ;s not go to come up here in the dark . withnail : yes he be and if he catch one of we off guard he 's get a much better chance of deal with the other . I : no ---------------------------------------------------------------------- I : ha ha ha ha ha withnail : what be you laugh about I : i be dream withnail : you frighten the piss out of I . move over I : will you get out withnail : no I : alright , i'll have to sleep in you bed withnail : then i'll have to come with you I : alright you can stay but the gun go withnail : no , i have to keep the gun . i intend to stay awake until morning . I : it 's my bed and i demand presidence . mad fuck bastard ---------------------------------------------------------------------- I : ah ah. what . withnail : i hear a noise . I : there be nothing get to bed . what be that ? withnail : listen listen I : probably just fox . perhaps its the farmer withnail : at two in the morning ? it 's the killer . he 's come to kill we . it 's all you fault , you have even give he the fuck gun . I have get to get in . he 's try to get in . I : he can not , he will go away . he 's go away . withnail : he 's get in thorough the window . he 's sharpen the fuck knife I : where 's the match ? withnail : in the kitchen . I : alright . we will have to tackle with he . you stay in bed and pretend to be asleep . when he go for you i'll jump on he back . withnail : no no , it will be too late by then , i will be knife . we will have to try and make friend with he . he 's go to you room . it 's you he want . offer he yourself ! we mean no harm . monty : oh my boy , my boy . I : monty ! monty monty ! withnail : monty you terrible cunt . what be you do prowling round in the middle of the fuck night ? monty : i have a puncture tyre . i have to wait a eon for assistance . i'm sorry if i frighten you . i'll sleep in the other room if i may I : anywhere you like monty ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- monty : ah , good morning . do you sleep well ? I : mmmm . you have be busy in here monty : as a bee . I do appologise for last night , it be perfectly inconsidereate of I . I : that 's perfectly alright monty . how do you repair the window ? monty : do not break it . merely force it a little . there be a empty wine bottle on the ledge . tomato . you better wake he , breakfast in fifteen minute . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- monty : the older order changeth give way to the new and God forfill himself in many way and soon , I suppose , I shall be sweep away by some vulgar little tumor . my boy , we be at the end of a age . we live in a land of weather forcast and breakfast that set in . shat on by tories , shovel up by labour . now which of you be go to be a splendid fellow and go down to the roll for the rest of the wine ? I : I will go . withnail : I will go . I : no , I will go - I need to see about digging the car out . monty : but we have my car dear boy . I : yes , but if it rain we be buggere . I mean ... monty : stranded ! withnail : leave this to I I : I will come with you , I could do with a walk . besides . I shall need you to work on the joint . I hear you be a little wizard in the kitchen . withnail : yeah , you the food and plumbing expert . [ he start put he polythene bag on . ] monty : what on earth be that ? withnail : we forget to bring we wellington . monty : you mean you have be up here in all this beastly mud and oomska without wellington ? this afternoon I will take you both into penryth and get you fitte with some good quality rubber boot . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the kitchen . [ monty have a apron on and be hold another . ] monty : I bring two of this in case either of you be any good in the kitchen . I : I be not . monty : oh , of course you be . cook 's one of the natural talent . garlic , rosemary and salt . [ he hand I a large joint of meat in a paper wrapper . I put it down on the side . ] I : look this be all very kind of you monty but I really ought to be out there get some work do on the car . monty : you have not time we be take late luncheon at three . I : we will have to leave by three monty . do not he tell you ? we have get to get back to sign on . monty : sign on !? at a labour exchange !? I : yes , it 's rather fashionable actually . all the actor do it . even redgrave . monty : could not you forgo for just this one occasion ? I have come a very long way to see you both . I : sorry can not . I mean , I would love to stay but he 's more adament to get back than I be . [ monty slip the apron over I 's head and tie it behind he . ] monty : then we must choose we moment and have a word with he . I be sure together we could persuade he . now , garlic , rosemary and salt . I can never touch meat until it 's cook . as a youth I use to weep in butcher shop . [ I move through to the lounge and look in the bag of food on the table . ] I : I can not find the rosemary . monty : can not find the rosemary ! I be sure we could find it together . [ he lean accross I in a rather comprimise fashion . ] I : perhaps it 's in the other bag . monty : perhaps it be . shall we look ? [ he reach accross with he other arm cut of any opatunity of escape . withnail enter with the wine and put the bag on the table . ] withnail : sorry . sherry 's in there . [ monty exit to the kitchen armed with the sherry . ] I : what do you mean sorry !? what 's he do here ? we can not stay he will not leave I alone . withnail : alright , we will get the dinner down then we will leave . [ in the kitchen monty pull the cork from the sherry and emerge with three different glass . ] monty : I be afraid we must drink from this . I hope they shape will not offend you palate . withnail : Chin chin . monty : to a delightful weekend in the country . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- penryth [ monty 's car drive into penryth and pull up in the town centre . withnail and I get out of the car . compare to monty and the car they look rather scruffy . ] monty : I do think you could at least have shave . what will people think , you look like a pair of farm-hand . get away from the car . [ he take out he wallet and hand withnail two fiver . ] monty : now , you get the wellington . I be go to but some razor and shave soap . I will meet you here in half a hour . [ monty drive off ] withnail : couple of bloom . I : one each . [ he remove a fiver from withnail 's hand ] withnail : I think a drink do not you ? I : what about the wellington ? withnail : oh , bollock to the wellington . we will tell he there be a farmer 's conference and they have a run on they . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Inside the pub [ I be on the telephone while withnail be at the bar . ] I : yeah , ok then . yeah . promise . [ he put down the phone and walk over to withail ] I : have not hear a thing . they be still see people . withnail : you do not want to go to Manchester anyway ; play a bloody soilder . I : I do not know if I do . bloody good little theatre that . withnail : it 's not much of a part be it . they would make you cut you hair off . I : so what , you would loose a leg ! barman : time please gent . withnail : alright we be go to have to work quickly . a pair of quadruple whisky and another pair of pint please . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [ withnail and I emerge unsteadily from the pub . ] withnail : where be he . utterly areshole . I : we be early . [ I look accross to some tearoom ] I : we want to get in there do not we . eat some cake . soak up the booze . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [ they enter the penryth tea-room . I sit down at a table and start butter the bread roll on the table . withnail , still stand , point to the table and address a elderly waitress , miss blennerhassit . ] withnail : alright here ? miss B : no , we be close in a minute . withnail : we be leave in a minute . alright here ? miss B : what do you want ? [ he sit down at the table and make a rather perfunctory examination of the menu . ] withnail : we will have tea and cake . [ a elderly man come across to they table . he be the proprietor ] p : do you hear she ? she say she would close . what do you want in here ? withnail : cake and tea . what 's it get to do with you ? p : I happen to be the proprietor . now , will you leave ? withnail : ah good , I be glad you be the proprietor . I be go to have to have a word with you anyway . we be do a film up here , location see . we might want to do a film in here . p : you be drunk . I : just bring out the cake . withnail : cake and fine wine . miss B : if you do not leave we will call the police . withnail : ball . we want the finest wine availible to humanity . we want they here and we want they now . p : the police , miss blennerhassit . [ I break off from stuff breadrolls but have not quite emptied he mouth at the start ] I : do not do that miss blenerhassit . I be warning you miss blennerhassit , if you do - you be fire . we be multi-millionary . we will buy this place and fire you immediately . withnail : yeah , that 's right , we will buy this place and install a fuck duke - box and live all you stiff up a bit . p : the police miss blenerhassit . just tell they there be a couple of drunk in the penryth tea room and we would like they remove . I : we be not drunk , we be multi-millionaire . p : come on mab , we will keep they here until they arrive [ she start to dial ] withnail : you will not keep we anywhere . miss B : Police please withnail : we will buy this place and have it knock down . I : it 's alright , 's alright . we car have arrive . [ he pull back a curtain to reveal that indeed they car have arrive , in the form on monty in the roll . they get up and I stagger out the door ] withnail : we be come back in here . [ he try to lean on a convenient post but miss and stagger a bit . he point meaningfully at the various customer as he leave , shutting he coat in the door . ] ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the cottage [ withnail and I be sit inside . there be no sign of monte . I have just finish shave and be rub he face with a towel . ] I : where be he ? withnail : sulk up the hill . he say he will not come down for lunch without a appology . I : suit I , he can eat he fuck radish . [ unseen , monte enter and address I ] monty : it 's all you fault . I : I beg you pardon monte . monty : you lead he astray . oh do not pretend you do not understand , I know what you be up to . [ withnail stand up and offer monte a glass ] withnail : sherry ? monty : sherry !? oh no , no , no , no . I will fall straight into he trap . he 's so mauve we do not know what he will do next . [ I walk out in distgust as monte sip the sherry . ] ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the kitchen [ I be at the sink peel potato . monte enter ] monty : I be prepare myself to forgive you . I think you have be punish enough . I think we better release you from the legume and transfer you talent to the meat . [ he take he by the hand into the lounge ] monty : you should not treat each other so badly . he 's be work he finger to the bone and all you do be sit in here drink . now , he 's go to revitalize himself in here while you finish the vegtables . withnail : I do not know how to do they . monty : well of course you do not . you be incapable of indulge in anything but pleasure be I not right ? [ I merely smile ] monty : you do not deserve such loyalty . now come along , I be go to teach you how to peel a potato . [ he roll up withnail 's sleeve and take he unwillingly into the kitchen . withnail swipe a glass of sherry off the table on the way there . ] ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the dinner table [ all three be sit around the table eat a good look roast dinner . there be plenty of extra meat and a good supply of wine . ] monty : it 's very stimulate get back to a basic sort of lifestyle . without effecene emotion and poisonous inhibition . I : except the problem do tend to take the edge off it . monty : what do you mean ? I : there be no proper facility monty : all the glorious trial of youth dear boy . when I be a lad I would rocket off on my tandem with wrigglesworth and ride and ride . find some old barn and fall asleep with the sweet perfume of hay on we lip . withnail : would it be in poor form to plagarise a toast ? monty : it depend entirely on the quality of the wine . in this case , it most certainly would not . withnail : in that case , to a delightful weekend in the country . monty : oooh , we be expect a volley of argument concern Mr redgrave . [ I give withnail a look of dagger ] I : you be forget Jake . monty : Jake can wait too . I : Jake 's not a friend monte . I would hope to avoid tell you this , but there 's a madman on the loose outside . monty : be this true ? withnail : well , there 's this local type . poacher . we get into a bit of a tiff and he threaten I with a dead fish . yes , it be rather amusing acutally . when you come into the house we think it be he and we think that you clean you boot be he sharpen the knife . monty : oh , how delicious ! I : I be go for a walk . monty : oh , wait for we dear boy , we will all go . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- outside the cottage [ I be lean on the wall . withnail emerge and walk briskly over to he ] withnail : look , I know what you think but I have no alternative . the old begger come a long way and I do not want to put the wind up he . I : you sensitivity overwhelm I . if you think you be have a weekend indulgence up here at he expense , which mean he have a weekend induldgence up here at my expense you have get another thing come . withnail : anyway , he send I out to say the coffee 's ready . I : I could not drink it . I have get a crick in my mouth from grin . withnail : well stop smill at he . I : I can not help it , I be so uptight with he . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the hillside . [ the be walk through thick bracken listen to monte expound on Oxford . ] monty : longtemps , longtemp de teau cheveux . oh , bodelair . bring back such memory of Oxford . I [ voice over ] follow by yet another anecdote about he sensitive crime in a punt with a chap call norman who have ref hair and a poetry book stain with the butter drip from crumpet . monty : indeed I often wonder where norman be now . probably winter with he mother in guilford , a cat , rain , vim under the sink and both bar on . but old now , there be no true beauty without decay . withnail : legium pro britania monty : how right you be , how right you be . we live in a kingdom of ( rain / reign ) where royalty come in gang . come on lad , the sky 's bruise , night must fall and we shall be force to camp . I : he 's have my room . I want the room with the lock . agree to that or I be off . withnail : alright , alright [ they stride off back to the cottage . before they get there , they see Jake at the door . monte look at he through the binocular ] I : good old Jake eh ? and that 's precisely the reason I be off back to London . come on , let pack up and get off . good old Jake , eh withnail . let all have a laugh . good old Jake . monty : he 's go away . [ they walk down to the cottage . there be a hare tie to the door with a note attach . withnail unfold the note and hand it to monte . monty clearly have some difficulty in read the note . ] monty : here hare here . [ the meaning dawns on he . ] monty : here hare here ! withnail : good old Jake . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the cottage . [ they be play poker with bottle top and a few coin . a old gramaphone be plaing in the background . the game be stud with two down card - monty have the ace of spade and two small spade show , I just queen high ] monty : Ace bet two and it 's over to you . withnail : you two and up two . I : so that 's four ? monty : that 's four . [ I put in four . monty deal the last set of card . ] monty : ? withnail : denai surenum defit . [ he deal I another queen to I ] monty : oh , there she be . [ he deal himself another spade ] monty : a possible flush . well , it 's the two queen to bet ! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [ still at the table , monty wind up the gramaphone . ] monty : another hand ? [ withnail look up and slump in he chair . he be totally plaster . ] monty : I think we would better get he to bed . I : no , he 's down here . you be in my room , I be in he room and he 's down here . monty : I would not dream of deprive the poor fellow of he bed . particularlly in that condition . I : it 's what he want ! withnail : no I do not I want to get to bed ! I : come on then luvy , let get you to bed then . a good night sleep will do we both some good . [ he grab withnail under the arm and manouver he out of the room . ] I : we will I will say good night then monty . withnail : I want to be alone . [ I stagger up the stair with withnail who mumer about want to be on he own . he drop he on the bed and dash back to he own room to get he bedding . before he can get back though monty have come up the stair and just finish lock the door . ] monty : he do not want to sleep with you . I : right then , you be in there and I will take the couch . I will say night night then monty . monty : you already have . twice ! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [ downstair I frantically arange the blanket on the settee . monty enter ] I : what be it monty , I be terribly tired I need to get to bed . monty : but not that tired eh ? be you a sponge or a stone ? I : I beg you pardon monty ? monty : do you like to sample all facet of life or do you shut yourself off from new experience . I : I vote conserative monty : loyalty be not a matter of selection . I : I quite agree , it 's more a matter of chose to whom one be loyal . I be terribly tired monty , I need to get to bed . monty : you must must not you . off you go then . I will sleep down here . it will not be the first time I have be leave with the couch ! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [ I be in bed . he have barricade the door by prop a chair against the knob . there be a determine push at the door from the other side which dislodge the chair and monty enter . ] monty : Boy ! Boy ! I know you be not asleep boy . but he be . I have be into he room . he will not hear a thing . I : no I be not asleep . what be it monty , what do you want . [ I light a candle . monty sit down on the side on the bed . ] monty : I try not to come , oh how I try not to . I : there 's something I have get to tell you monty . monty : there 's no need to explain , he 's tell I everything . I : what ! what 's he tell you ? monty : about how you come to chelsea and you arrest in the totenham court road . he tell I about you probelm , how you feel . I : probelm , what problem ? monty : you be a toilet trader ! go with it boy , give into to it . it 's like a tide . do not let it ruin you youth as I nearly do over Eric . I : I be not homosexual monty monty : yes you be ! of course you be . you be only say that to deny you relationship with he . it 's not he fault that he can not love you any more that it 's mine that I adore you . can not we allow ourselves this one moment of indiscretion ? he need never know . I : I do not care what he know , you must leave monty . [ I get out of bed and go over to the door . monty beat he to it . ] monty : I mean to have you even if it must be burgulary . [ I race to the other side of the room . monty advance . ] I : monty you must listen ! we be in a affair , we have be for year . but he 's estrange , he will not allow himself to admit it . that 's why he 's rejecting I while you be here . on my life monty , this be the first time in six year we have not sleep together . I could not cheat on he , it would kill he . monty : oh my dear boy , if I would realise that I would never have attempt to come between you . I : I know that monty , I respected you for you sensitivity , I thank you for it . monty : you better go to he I : oh , I intend to . this instant . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- withnail 's room [ withnail be asleep in bed with the shotgun . I enter ] I : withnail you bastard wake up . wake up you bastard before I burn this bastard bed down . withnail : I deny all accusation . what do you want ? I : I have just narrowly avoid have a buggery . and I have come in here with the express intention of wishing one on you . that say , I be leave for London . withnail : hold on , hold on . do not let you imagination run away with you . [ he light up and cough up some phlem ] I : I have just finish fight a naked man . how dare you tell he I be a toilet trader ! withnail : tatical necessity . if I have not tell he you be active we would never have get the cottage . I : I would not have want it , not with he in it . withnail : I never think he would come all this way . I : monty !? he would go to New York . withnail : calcualt risk . I : what be all this calculate risk and tactical necessity . it 's I , naked , in a corner . and how dare you tell he I love you ? and how dare you tell he you reject I ? how dare you tell he that !? withnail : sorry about that , get a bit carry away . sort of say it without think . [ I take the gun ] I : well let I tell you something withnail , if he come in my room again its murder and you will be hold resposible in law . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the cottage [ withnail be eat lunch at the table . I be read a note ] I : ' perhaps it be just that the evesdropper should leave as he trade dictate , in secrecy and in the dead of night . I do sincerely hope that you will find the happiness that have saddly always be deny I . your faithfully , montegue h withnail . ' poor old bastard . withnail : now I must say , that represent a level of hippocrasy in you that I would previously suspect but not notice due to highly evasive skill . I : you will suffer for this withnail . what you have do will have to be pay for . withnail : I will say one thing for monte ; he keep a sensational cellar . [ there be a knock at the door . ] I : who be it . voice : telegram . [ I get the telegram and open it . he show it to withnail ] withnail : well do . I : well it do not mean to say I have get the part . they probably just want to see I again . well , that settles it , we leave immediately . withnail : what !? I : get you stuff together , we leave in half a hour . withnail : do not be ridiculous , I need at least a hour for lunch . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the car [ withnail be eat the lunch from a plate on he knee . it be raining heavinly and I 's side of the windscreen be impossible to see through ] withnail : you get a truck come up in this lane follow by a slow right-hander . I : this be insanity withnail : stay in this lane I : what lane , I can not see any lane . withnail : bear right , bear right . I : I can not keep this up . and I must get some sleep . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the car [ it be daytime again , and the rain have stop . I be asleep in the back on the car . the car jerk around and he wake . as he look out the window , the camera move with he view . the car be hurtle down the motorway swerving between the other car . ] I : what 's go on ? withnail : I be make time . I : pull over , you have not get a license . withnail : no , I be make time . here come another fucker . [ they swerve infront of several more car . then I see a police van behind they . ] I : on no . withnail : it 's perfectly alright , leave he to I . I : you be full of scotch you silly tool . [ the police van come along side they and a policeman lean out point markedly to the roadside . withnail pull over , the van draw up in front on they and the officer approach the car . one knock on the window and withnail wind it down . ] p1 : bit early in the morning for festivity be not it sir ? [ there be a large pile of bottle on the passenger seat of the car ] withnail : they be not mine , they belong to he . p1 : you be drunk . withnail : I assure you I be not officer , I have only have a few ale . p1 : out of the car . please . Sir . [ withnail make no move so he open the door . withnail virtually fall out then stand against the car . the policeman offer he a breathaliser ] p1 : would you fill this bag please sir . [ withnail shake he head ] p1 : be you refuse to fill this bag ? withnail : I most certainly be p1 : I be place you under arrest . withnail : do not be ridiculous I have not do anything . listen , my cousin 's a qc . p2 : get in the back on the van . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Police station [ withnail be behind a screen . a sergant be sit at a desk while other policeman wonder around ] p3 : serg , what 's that clown up to ? [ the sergent pull a gap in the screen and see withnail with the contraption Danny give he . he grab the tube and urine splashes everywhere . withnail grin sheepishly ] ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the flat [ withnail and I enter they flat . they look through the post ] withnail : where 's we check ? I : we do not sign on . withnail : that would not make any difference to last week payment . [ they hear music from upstairs . the door to the bathroom be ajar and in the bath be a large black man who look at they inquiringly . I look in he bedroom . the bed be occupy by Danny ] I : what be you do in my bed ? D : have a sleep . I : who 's the huge spade in the bath ? D : presume ed. I : well I want you out . you have get ten minute alright ? coz I want to get in . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the lounge [ all four be sit in the lounge ] withnail : how do you get in ? D : inginuity man - come up the drainpipe . would you like a smoke ? withnail : yes I : no thanks , I have get a call to make . [ Danny start pull out rizzler at a prolific rate ] withnail : what be you go to do with that ? D : the joint I be about to roll require a craftsman and can utalise up to twelve spliff . it be call a camberwell carrot . I : it 's imposible to use 12 papers on one joint . D : it be impossible to roll a camberwell carrot with anything less . withnail : who say it 's a camberwell carrot . D : I do . I invent it in camberwell and it 's shape like a carrot . [ cut to Danny on the settee . the camberwell carrot be complete and be indeed of prodidiuo proportion . as Danny light it we see only the end but as he hand it to withnail we see the true size . it be enormous . ] D : this will tend to make you very high . [ withnail take a long draw ] D : this grass be the most powerfull in the western hemisphere . it grow at exactly two thousand foot above sea-level . I have it special fly in from my man in Mexico . his name 's huang . he 's a expert . [ I return from he phone call ] D : do you get the part man ? [ I take a draw on the joint and splutter . he shake he head ] I : no , I get a different one . they want I to play the lead . withnail : congratulation . D : where exactly have you two be ? I : a trip to the countryside . D : that be a very good idea . London be a city come down from its trip and there 's go to be a lot of refugee . [ presume Ed laugh deeply ] D : do you realise this gaf overrun with rodent ? when I come in I see one in the oven the size of a fuck dog . I : that be a dog , belong to the man downstairs . D : do he dog get in the oven . withnail : no he dog do not come up here . D : then it be a rodent . quite freek I at the time . I be go to cook onion . there be some bald gieser round here the other day reckone you owed he 235 quid backrent . I tell he there be no question of pay rent on a property infest with rodent . start come on all bald with I . withnail : you mean ratty . D : I tell he to piss off . I : you bloody fool . he will have we up in court again . D : no he will not , it 's not legal . withnail : we can quote you on that I presume . D : Law rather appeal to I actually . [ withnail laugh uncontrolably and drop to the floor ] D : just high . I : stop laugh will you withnail , this be serious . D : no it be not . I look into it . study the papers . I : what papers ? D : legal papers . [ he shake the papers out of a bag ] I : look , he 's get we check . what be you do with this ? D : I be go to pay they in for you . I : for christ would sake withnail , stop laugh will you . look , this be a notice of eviction withnail : give it to my barrister . [ presume Ed start chant and rotate a globe ] Ed : harriramma , hariramma I : shup up will you , you be give I the fear ! give we a downer Danny , I have go and fuck my brain . D : sit down man , take control . you have a rush . it will pass . I : be not you get absurdly high ? D : precisely the reason I be smoking it . withnail : I could not I be space . D : not as space as you rodent . I : do not talk about they . D : I expect they be talk to each other . I : talk to each other ? what do you mean ? D : I have deal with they . give them all drugge onion . I : why have you drugge they onion !? D : sit down man , find you neutral space . you have do something to you brain . you have make it high . if I lay 10 mill of diazipan on you , you will do something else to you brain , you will make it low . why trust one drug rather than the other . that politics be not it . I : I be go to eat some sugar . D : I recommend you smoke some more grass . I : no way , no fuck way . D : that be a unfortunate political decission . withnail : what be you talk about Danny ? D : if you be hold onto a rise balloon you be present with a difficult political decission - let go while you have still get the chance or hold onto the rope and continue get higher . that 's politics man . we be at the end of a age . the great decade in the history of mankind be nearly over . they be sell hippy wig in wolworths . it be 91 day to the end of the decade and as presume ed here have so consistently point out , we have fail to paint it black . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I : right , I be off now . withnail : already ? I : my father will pick up my stuff in the week and do something about the car . withnail : but I have get we a bottle open . confiscate it from monte 's supplies . 53 margaux . best of the century I : I can not withnail , I will miss the train . withnail : there 's always time for a drink . I : I have not the time . withnail : alright , I will walk with you to the station . we can drink it through the park . [ he grab he coat and a umbrella and take the bottle . ] ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the Park [ it be pour down with rain . withnail offer the bottle to I ] I : no thankyou , no more . look , it 's a stinker withnail , why do not you go home . withnail : because I want to walk you to the station . I : no , really , I really do not want you to . [ they stop by the wolf . ] I : I shall miss you withnail . withnail : I will miss you too . [ I depart . withnail walk to the fence and lean against it .] withnail : I have of late , but wherefore I know not , lose all my mirth and indeed it go so heavily with my disposition that this goodly frame the earth seem to I a sterile promotory ; this most excellent canopy the air , look you , this mighty o'rehange firmament , this majestical roof fretted with golden fire ; why , it appeareth nothing to I but a foul and pestilent congregation of vapour . what a piece of work be a man , how noble in reason , how infinite in faculty , how like a angel in aprehension , how like a God ! the beauty of the world , paragon of animal ; and yet to I , what be this quintessence of dusk . man delight not I , no , nor woman neither , nor woman neither . [ the wolf be unimpress . withnail exit into the rain . ]