bs witness for the prosecution theme picture , Inc. and Arthur hornblow production , Inc . final script June 10 , 1957 screenplay by billy wilder and Harry kurnitz producer : Arthur hornbliow , Jr. director : billy wilder cc 1 . witness for the prosecution courtroom no . 1 - the old bailey a.marder trial 1s about to begin . the venerable chamber of british justice be fill . the participent for the prosecution and Defense be in they plece . so be the jury . so be the spectator . only the prisoner 's dock and raise seat of the judge and city dignitary be still vacant . Three knock from a wooden mallet be hear . a usher rise and call out , " silence ! " everyone stand . & door open and the judicial procession solemnly enter : the sheriff , the City marshal , . the mace - bearer , the sword - bearer , the Lord Mayor , and finally , the judge . all in full regalia . the usher beneath the witness box , deliver the open proclamation : usher silence ! be upstanding in court ! all person who have anything further to do before my lord the queen' justice of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for the jurisdiction of the general criminal court draw near and give you attention . GOD save the queen ! . the camera have begin to move in slowly on the bench . as the dignitary take they plece we superimpose the credit titizs . the sword - rearer affix the sword , point upmost , above the centrel chsir , the judge bow first to the jury , then to the ber , finally to that with he on the bench . he sit . everybody fol3ow suit . the trial hes begin . meanwhile , the camera have move in on the gleam sword and hold there until the last of the credit fade out : fade out : —- 2 . 3 . 's 2 . fade in : london square ( Day ) a bobby , frame very large 4 n the foreground , be direct traffic . among the move car , quite conspicuous , be a vintage high - body rolis royce . int , of roll -royce ( day ) a vintage chauffeur be @rive . in the back seat be sir wilfrid robart and he 's nurse , miss plimsoll . Sir wilfrid be sixty , pele , ill - tempere . a lap robe be tuck around he leg . he have be quite ill . that account for the uniform nurse , miss plimsoll : she be forty - five , brisk , unbearebly chatty . yaiss plimsoll tlook out the window ) . what a beautiful dey ! I have ' be hope thet we would have a bit of sun for we home - come . I elway say it 's worth have all the fog just to appreciate the sunshine . be there too mach of a draught ? shall I roll up the window ? sir wilfrid just roll up you mouth , you talk too mch . if I would know how much you talk I would never have come out of my coma . ( push down o. the lap -robe ) tis thing welghs a ton . miss plimsoll now , now -- we have be flat on we back for two month -- we would petter be careful ! she have pull up the robe and try to tuck he in again . he slap she hand . the gate of lincoin 's inn ( day ) fhe porter at the gate recognize the roll , salute Sir wilfrid and wave the car through . 5. 6 . to 3 . ext , lincoln 's inn ( my ) the roll proceed through the Square . it be all very sedate : the old building wear ivy and some barrister wear robe and wig . int . rolis - roy ce ( dax ) miss plimsoll ( peer out ) Lovely ! it must be perfectly lovely to live and work in the inn of Court . how lucky you lawyer be ! ( a beat ) I almost marry a lewyer once . I be in attendance when he hed , he appendectomy . we become engage as soon as he could sit up . but then peritonitis set in he go like that . . ( snap she finger ) sir wilfrid he certainly be a lucky lawyer ! ext , sir wilfrid' build ( day ) the roll pull up before a dignify corner puild 's occupy by many barrister . the chauffeur jump out , open the door . miss plimsoll emerge , hold out 4 help hand to Sir wilfrid . miss plimsoll teeny -weeny step , now Sir ~ wilfrid . we must remember -- we hed a teeny - weeny heart attack . sir wilfrid ( ignore she hand ) shut up ! ( to the chauffeur ) Williams , my cane . Williams hand he a invalid 's cane , with -subber tip . he start briskly for the stone step lead to the entrance . in background , Williams be take luggage from the boot . 8 . , the anteroom of sir wilfrid' chamber ( day ) a serious room . the decor 's be old and oaky . so be the three female employee , miss mchugh , miss Johnson and miss o'brien . Doors lead to Sir wilfridt private office and to the office of he clerk and junior . a staircase rise to the floor above , where Sir wilfrid 's live quarter be situate . - miss Johnson hes be lean out the window . she turn back into the room , excited . miss johnson here he come ! there 1s instant activity . miss o' brien ring a handbell .. carter , Sir wilfrid 's elderly clerk , rush out from he own room . a charwoman come down the staircase . miss mchugh have take a bouquet of flower from a file cabinet . they line up in a rehearse formation , face the door . Sir wilfrid enter rapidly , follow by miss plimsoll and Williams . sir wilfrid good afternoon . he proceed toward he office , ignore the reception line - up . in pass he whisk the flower from miss mchugh 's hand . str wilfrid thank you very mch , everybody back to work . miss mchugh Sir wilfrid , please -- if you dontt mind -- I would like to read a little poem which we have ~ compose to welcome you < = she have whipped out a long sheet of legal - size paper , typewritten on both side . sir wilerid ( interrupt ) : very touch , miss mchugh . you can recite it after office hour , on you own time . now back to work . he start for he room , see miss o'brien sobbing , she cheek streak with tear . sir . wilfrid what 's the matter with you ? 8. 9 . 5s miss o'brien nothing ---- I be just happy that youtre you old self again , sir wilfrid ( a. sweeping gesture with he cane ) one more manifestation of such sentimentality -- whether in - poetry or prose -- and I shell instantly go back to the hospital . miss plimsoll not very likely . they will not take you back , ( to the staff ) he be not really discharge , you \mow -= he be expell . for con - duct . unbecome 2 cardiec patient . sir wilfrid put this in water -- ( shove the flover at she ) blabbermouth ! ( to he cleric ) come on in , Carter . he go on into he office , follow by Carter . . int. sir wilfrid' private office day a large , somber room of fade elegance . on one wall be a painting of Sir wilfrid in wig and gown , Sir wilfrid enter , put a monocle suspend from a black ribbon in he eye , and look about . behind he , Carter close the padded door . sir wilfrid '' look at this room ! it 's really extraordinarily ugly ! very old , and very misty , end I never know ; I could miss anything so mech ! : ( tarning to Carter ) miss you , too , you msty ole puzzard . . carter thank you , Sir . ' itm not a religious man , Sir wilfrid , but when they '' . carte you off in that ambulance , I go out and light a candle . 9 . he cross container , Carter have 6. sir wilfrid ( touch ) : why , thank you , Carter . a carter actually , sir , I be lighting it for myself . if anything happen to you , what would happen to I -~= ° after thirty - seven year . sir wilfrid ( take the monocle from he eye ) thirty - seven year ? have it be that long , Carter . . carter yes , sir . this be 1952 and that be in October , 1915 . the shepherd 's Bush mrder . the chemist accuse of put cyanide in he uncle 's tooth - paste . sir wilfrid my first mrder trial , I be more frighten than the defendant . ' the first time I rise to make a object - ion , my wig fall off . {with the monocle agein ) where be . it ? carter I have guard it with my life . to a shelf , take down a batter metal sir wilfrid I hope it still fit . lose thirty pound in that wretch hospital . still , I dare say my heed be not any smiler , open the container and Sir wilfrid lift out a barrister 's wig . some white pellet fall to the floor . str wilfrid what 's this ? carter wetve put it in moth ball . of ~ 9 Te sir wilfrid ( sharply ) moth ball ? be I not to practice again ?! . carter : of course , you be , the solicitor have be break down we door . I have line up some very interesting brief for you , sir . ( relieved ) that 's better . carter ( point to three envelope on the desk ) a divorce case , a tax appeal , and a important marine insurance claim . sir ( wistfully ) oh ! carter theytre nice , smooth matter -— with excellent fee -- . sir wilfrid no , Carter ! carter I be sorry , sir , but you be not to undertake any criminal case -~ not any more , you doctor .e... ' sir wilfrid doctor ] <-= they have deprive I of ~ everything : alcohol , tobacco , femle companionship -- if only they would let.me function in my work ... on something worthwhile -- carter sorry , Sir wilfrid , sir wilfrid ( resign ) you might as well get a bigger box , Carter , more moth ball , and - put I away , too . : 8 . 3 . Te door have open . miss plimsoll poke she head in . : miss plimsoll tvo-thirty , Sir wilfrid . time for we little nap . sir wilfrid get out ! miss plimsoll ( unswerve , beddy -bye . we would better go up tair now , get undress and lie down . sir wilfrid we ? what a nauseate prospect ! . miss plimsoll upstair , please . sir wilfrid : be you aware , miss plimsoll , that rf while on my sickbe I seriously ( 7 consider strangling you with . one of you own rubber tube ? I : would then have admit the crime , retain myself for the defense . ( clap he wig on he head , assume the role of England 's . foremost advocate ) my tord and member of the jury} I hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide . for four month this alleged angel of mercy have subject I to every conceivable indignity of the flesh and the spirit . she ~ have pawec , probe , puncture , pillage and plunder my helpless . body while torment my mind with 4 steady drip of the most revolting baby talk -- miss plimsoll gently lift the wig off he head and take he by the arm miss plimsoll come along now , like a good boy . oa sir wilfrid ° take you hand off I , miss plimsoll , or I shall strike you with my cane . he raise he cane ) yy 9 10 . 9 . miss plimsoll oh , youtd never do that -- you might break you cigar . . sir wilfrid cigar ? --- what cigar ? miss plimsoll ( evenly ) the one you be smiggling in you cane . she pujis the rubber tip from the cane . Three coronas fall out of the hollow cane . sir ( blus tering ) you <= you could be jaile for this -- you have no search warrant for my cane . ( in the hospital he would hide cigar and brendy sll over the place , we call he wilfre the Fox , ( she pick up the cigar I be confiscate this . sir wilfrid can not I have just one ? just a few puff , after meal ? 1 ] please ? miss plimsoll ( teaetme bh he out ) up tair $ the anteroom day miss flimsoll lead Sir wilfrid to the staircase , Carter follow . sir wilfrid ( mttere to Carter ) ..ooe itll do it ! ... some dark night when she back be turn ifl1 snatch she thermometer and plunge it between she misshapen shoulder blade ese so help I ! he be about to mount the stair when Carter stop he . | 10 . ~~. for 10 . carter on , no , sir , you mst not walk up . wetve install something for you here , . ( pull out the seat of a inclinator ) it 's a lift , sir . . sir wilfrid a lift ! whet nonsense ! I be get a bit sick of this plot to make I a helpless invelid . miss plimsoll I think it 's a splendid idea , let 's try it , shall we ? she be about to plant herself on the seat when Sir wilfrid shoulder she aside . sir wilfrid ~ I will try 1t . it be my lift , be - ' Cause it wes my heart attack . <_ he wave she away , then settles himself in the seat . carter simply press this putton for up , and this one for down , sir wilfrid ( press the white button ) — Carter , I warn you , if this contrap - tion should collapse -- if the barrister should fall off the banister -- -. he be already sailing up , miss plimsoll trot after he . he arrive at the top of the stair , beam . sir wilfrid ( shouting down ) this be remarkable , Carter . smoothest flight I have have in year . ( noe plim oll reac 's for he a arm ) ° ~ upsy-daisy3 sir wilfrid just once more -- to get the feel of . the control . 10 . 10a . 11 . before she can stop he , he have press the button and sail down egain . prom the bottom of the staircase , Carter be watch he master 's enjoyment of the new toy . the door behind he open and two visitor enter the law office , they be mr . mayhew , e man of Sir wilfrid 's age , a respectable London solicitor from he high collar to the tip of he tightly roll umbrella . ' the other man be leonard vole : young , attrective , wear a sport coat and sleck . -- ~ quite out of place in this stronghold of the bowler hat , the brief case and the stripe pants . closer shot mayhew be about to speak to 4 typist , then see Carter . he gesture to vole to wait . vole light a cigarette while meyhew walk up to Carter . mayhew good afternoon , Carter , would it be possible to see Sir wilfrid ? itm sorry I do not ring up for a appointment , but this be urgent . carter ~ if it 's about 2 brief , Mr. mayhew , I be sorry , but we be full up . Sir wilfrid hes all thet he can handle . mayhew I be sure he will want this brief - ( nodd toward vole and lowering he voice ) -~ serious criminal matter . the typist look up at vole , eyeing he curiously . he smile uncomfortably in return .. carter . absolutely not , Mr. mayhew , ( behind he , Sir wilfrid slide into shot . in the inclin - ator ) Sir wilfrid be still convalescent . he can not possibly accept anything of a overstimiete nature . . sir wilfrid they have put I on a diet of bland civil suit . hello , mayhew . c 10a . mayhew hello , wilfrid , this be very dis - ress news about you health . , sir wilfrid distress ? it 's tregic} you would better get yourself a young man , . with young artery . mayhew if you could give we just a few mimite . my client be right here . ( point ) this be Mr. Leonard vole . he 's in rather a ghastly mess , I be afraid , ' sir wilfrid how do you do , Mr. vole . vole ( with a engage smile ) well , accord to Mr. mayhew , I be not do at ail welll for a instant wilfrid look at he with interest . at the top of the stair a impatient miss plimsoll clap she hand .. miss plimsoll ( call down ) Sir wilfrid ! you be dawdle again ! sir wilfrid ( right back at she ) shut up ! - ( to mayhew ) sorry , mayhew . ' try I again some day , when you have something not too stimlat : e-- like a postman bitten by a stray doge he have press the button and be go up 's again . suddenly , 2s he be look down at meyhew , he . attention be grawn to something . he put the monocie in he eye for a better view . it 4s two ciger protrude from mayhew 's breast pocket . mayhest : well , I wish you could help we , wilfrid , but I quite understand . take care . . ( turn to go ) oe e@ i 10a . 13 . Sir wilfrid , rise on the inclinator , press the stop putton abruptly . then the down button , and the inclin- ator start down . : sir wilfrid mayhew ! mayhew ! mayhew and vole have turn to go . they turn back . Sir wilfrid have come down on the inclinator and jump up from the seat . sir wilfrid come back here , mayhew } . * carter Sir wilfrid , please -~ sir wilfrid do not worry , Carter , we will not take the brief . but Mr. mayhew 4s a old friend and he need help . surely , if I can give he a word of advice --~- : ( he have open the door to he own office '' and beckon ) come in , I will give you five minute . mayhew that 's very kind of you , wilfrid . he and vole be about to follow Sir wilfrid into he office . sir wilfrid ( draw mayhew 4 nto the room ) it vou do not mind , mayhew , just you and I . miss plimsoll , out of breath , run down the stair and up to Sir wilfrid . miss plimsoll Sir wilfrid -- we nap} sir wilfrid you go shead -- start it without I . he follow mayhew in , close the door in she face . miss 's plimsoll this be you fault , Mr. Carter -- you should not have permit it } 10a . 14 , carter it 4s not my fault ! with a sha look at vole I distinctly tell Sir wilfrid ~- no eriminal case . vole . if itt anyone 's fault , I expect its ' mine . it seem silly to I , but Mr. mayhew think it 's very urgent - he think I may be srrested at any minute . miss plimsoll arrested for what ? " vole " well -- for mrder . he smile engagingly . they stare at he , try to reconcile he ost ettractive appearance with what he have just tell they , int . sir wilfrid' office day mayhew be seat in one of the visitor 's chair , relate the cage . Sir wilfrid be circle he like a bird dog , he eye : glue to the cigar in mayhew 's pocket . mayhew -- it 's the case of Mrs. Emily french . you have probably see the report in the Press . she be a middle - age widow , rather well - off , live with a housekeeper in hampstead . Mr. vole have be with she earlier in the even - ing . when the housekeeper return from she day off at eleven p.m. she find she mistress dead -- strike on the back of the head and kill . sir wilfrid I see cee ( he do not ; he mind be on the cigar ) mayhew vole seem a harmless chap -- catch in a web of circumstantial evidence -~ perhaps if I give you some more of the detail , you might suggest the strongest line of defense -- . ce : . ~v sir wilfrid I coulda probably think better if you give I one of that ecigarse . mayhew of coursee ( hand he one ) there be naturally no previous conviction , he 1s a man of good character , with a excellent war record == you would like he a lote sir wilfrid have tear off the band , bitten off the end of the cigar and be search frantically on he desk , and in the drawer for a match sir wilfrid ( mutter ) they have confiscate the matches» tooe ( to mayhew ) a light , please <- give I a lighte mayhew ofumble in he pocket ) as I see it , the defense may turn on establish alibi for the evening of the murder == ( no match ) sorry -- I have not any match - ( get up ) let I get some sir wilfrid ( hold he back ) Lord , no you do not know miss piimsoll . this will take all we cun . o. he pause to formulate a plan , then palm the cigar and open the doore the anteroom day Sir wilfrid stand in the doorway with a benign and innocent expressione 16 . sir wilfrid ( beckone to vole ) Young man -- you solicitor and I feel that you may be able to enlighten I on a rather ' important point -- vole : - ( eross to the door ) yes , sir . anything at ell . miss plimsoll - ( desperate ; advance ) really , Sir wilfrid -- sir wilfrid you be not in bed yet ? upstair ! he usher in vole , then slam . the door in she frustrated face . int , sir wilfrid' office day Sir wilfrid turn instantly on vole . sir wilfrid give I a match , voie sorry -- I never carry they , sir ( crush ) what ?! ( to mayhew ) and you say itd like he ? vole itve get a lighter . ( produce it ) sir wilfrid osnatch the lighter ) - you be right , mayhew -- I do like hin , ( gleefully , as he 1s = warming the ciger on the lighter flame ) can you imagine miss plimsoll 's face if she see I now ? vole let 's make absolutely sure she do not , 17 . - ( 13 . he deliberately lower the old - fashioned metal cover over the keyhole . . sir wilfrid ( to meyhew ) splendid ? all the instinct of a skilled criminal . : ° vole ( mode tly ) thank you , sire hey grin at each other . sir wilfrid Young man , you may or may not have murder a middle - age widow , but you have cerita save the life of a elder . barrister . vole I have not murder anybody . om it 's absurd . but christine -- '' that 's my wife -- she think I may be implicate and that I need a lawyer . so I go to see Mr. mayhew and now he think thet he need a lawyer . so now I have two lawyer . silly , be not 1t ? . mayhew Mr. vole , I be a solicitor . Sir wilfrid be 4 barrister . only a berrister can actually plead a case in court . o. Sir wilfrid be completely sbsorb in he cigar , on which a inch of ash have now appear . he bend back , open a small drawer in a old file cabinet behind hin , he drop the ash there , then close the drawer . sir wilfrid ( to himself , with satisfaction ) she shall not even find the . ash . ( — ~ . ( to vole ) go on , go on . 13 . vole ( easily ) well , I see in the papers that poor Mrs. french have be find dead , with she head bashed in -- and then 1 '' say in the papers that the police be anxious to interview I since I have visit Mrs. french that evening -- so naturally , I go along to the police station . sir wilfrid ( interrupt ; sharply ) do they caution you ? vole I do not quite know . I mean , they ask if I would like to make a statement and they would write it down , and it might be use against I in Court . '' ( with a shrug ) iwould that be caution I ? str ( with a sigh ) gh , well , 1t can not be help now . : vole anyway , they be very polite and they seem quite satisfied . mayhew - they seem satisfied , Mr. vole. '' ( to Sir wilfrid ) he think thet he make a statement and that 's the end ~ of it . ( back to vole ) Mr. vole , be not it obvious to you that you will be regard as the principal and logical suspect in this case ? I have great fear that you will be arrest . : vole I have do nothing . why should I be arrest ? I mean , this be England . you do not get arrest or convict for something you haventt do ? ~ ' yo sir wilfrid we try not to make a habit of it . vole but it do happen , do not it ? of course , there be that case of what 's - he name -~ adolph beck , or becker - he would be in jeil for eight year when they find out it be another chap entirely -- he be innocent - all along . sir wilfrid very unfortunate . but restitution have be make . he receive = free pardon , 2 bounty from the Crown , and be restore to he normal life . vole ( quite agitate ) yes , that be all right for he . but whet if it have be murder ? -- what if he have be hang ? =-- how would they restore he to he normal life then ? mayhew really , Mr. vole , you mst not take such a morbid point of view . vole ( a little embarrassed ) sorry . it 's just that when you tell I it 's all close in on I -- it 's like a nightmare . . mayhew relax , Mr. vole . I be put you in the hand of the finest ~ and . most experience barrister in London -- sir wiifrid now , mayhew , let 's get this straight . I may have do something highly unethical : I have take you cigar and I be not take you case , I cantt , I be forbidden . my doctor would never allow it . ( to vole ) I be truly sorry , young man . ‘( and to mayhew again ) however , 1f you would like the case handle by someone in this chamber , I weuld recommend Mr. brogan ~ Moore - - you know brogan-moore ? -- = 13 . ( 14 , > 15 . yv '' 20 . . mayhew yes , I do . ( to vole ) a very able man . I second Sir wilfrid 's recommendation . : vole ( with a shrug ) if you say 30 ee . Sir wilfrid have rise and cross to the door . in pass he shove he cigar in vole 's hand . sir wilfrid hold this . he open the door into the anteroom . the antercom ( day ) as Sir wilfrid emerge , miss plimsoll and Carter immedtately converge on he sir wilfrid I would like to see Mr. brogan - Moore in my office just as soon as he come in from Court . . carter yes , sir . miss plimsoll ( on the verge of breakdown ) Sir wilfrid , I heave never know such insubordination -= no , not even when I be a murse in the front line , during the War - sir wilfrid what War be that ? -- the crimean , no doubt . . - he slam the door in she face agsin . int . sir wilfrid' office ( day ) he cross to he desk . sir wilfrid you will like brogan -moore . he 's have excellent training -- under I . ps yo 15 . - ' . _ 21 . as he pass vole , he take the cigar out of vole 's outstretch hand , seat himself behind the desk and puff on . vole ( with a little smile ) he morning I have no lewyer at all -- now I suddenly have three lewyer . — ~ ( to mayhew ) perhaps we ought to explain to Sir wilfrid thet I have very Little money -- ( to Sir wilfrid ) iwo not be able to pay all the cost and fee . sir wilfrid do not worry -- wetll get a fourth lawyer to sue you . vole be will not get mech , I be afraic , I have not have a job in four month . : sir wilfrid what sort of work do you do ? vole well , my last job be as a mechanic with ea motor service firm . the foreman keep riding I all the time . I take it as long es I could , then I quit . sir wilfrid and before that ? vole I be work in 2 department - store -- in the toy , demonstrate child 's building set . of course , that only last through the Christmas rush . before that , I work in a petrol station , but thing get a little avkward , and -- T get fire . , _. sir wilfrid awkward -- in what way ? ( ~~ 15 . . . '' 22 , vole Te boss 's daughter . she keep ennoy I , until T tell she where to get off . so she tell she father I be annoying she , and he tell I where to get off . sir wilfrid ( drop ash in the drawer again , very annoying . . ' vole before that , I have a job testing electric blanket -- ( he catch wilfrid 's penetrate glance ) you mst be think I be a bit of a drifter , sir . it 's true , in a way , but I be not really like that . do my Army service unsettle I a bit . that and be abroad . I be station in Germany . it be fine there . that 's where I meet christine , my wife . she be a ectress , and a good one . shet be a wonderful wife to I , too , but I have not be mech of a provider , I be afraid -- somehow , I can not seem to settle down properly since I come back to this country , of course , if I could just put my egg - beater ecross -- sir wilfrid egg-beater ? . vole - yes , sir . I be sort of a - inventor ~~ nothing big , just little household thing . a pocket pencil sharpener , a key ~ ring flashlight , but my best : be really this egg-beater . — you see , it not only beat the egg ; it also separate the yolk from the white . sir wilfrid be that really desirable ? ( ~ 15 . vole if you be a housewife , Sir wilfrid , youtd see it right away . the trouble be I would need some money for manufacturing and promotion - -- well , that 's really what I be hope Mrs. french might do for I after I meet she . sir wilfrid _ oh , exactly how do you meet this Mrs. french ? vole that be rather funny in itself -- it be the third of September -- I remember distinctly because 1t be my wife 's birthday -~ I be window shopping on Oxford Street , sort of daydream about what I would buy for she -- if I have any money -- instant CUT to : ext . millinery shop oxford STREET tay vole stroll by the shop , stop and look at a display of silly hat in the window . he look casually into the shop and . see a middle - age jady , neat and prim -- mrs . emily french . the salesgirl be just put a small , conservative hat on Mrs. french . she study herself in the mirror . suddenly she be aware that vole be look at she . she turn toward he . vole shake he head in disapproval . she accept he decision , try on a second hat , look again toward vole for he opinion . ail she get be a " not good , not bad " sort of look . she discard the hat , try on a third one . this be a wide - brimm - affair , quite wild . ' she look expectantly at . vole . he like this one and nod he approval . she look again at the mirror , then rush out of the shop to talk to he , mrs . french you really like this one ? vole . very much . mrs . french you do not think it 's too — too maa ? yp yp 17 . vole maa ? wot at all ? a little dering , perhaps -- I would not recommend it to every woman -- put you -- why shoula not you attract some attention --? mrs. french , you really think so ? vole absolutely . if I may suggest just one . little thing -- let 's tilt thet brim . a bit , to show off you face -- he do so . Mrs. french let he , there be the sound of 48 vole my bus ! good-bye ! he turn and run for it . Mrs. french look after he , 9 little daze . from off -scene come -- vole's voice now you buy that hat ! I insist ! Mrs. french look after the bus for a few second , then walk back into the shop with a tiny smile on she face . instant CUT to : int , sir wilfrid' office day Sir wilfrid and mayhew listen to vole 's account . vole oe actually , it be quite a pidiculous hat . silly thing with ribbon and flower . sir wilfrid ( flick ash into drawer ) I be constantly surprised that woman 's hat do not provoke more murder . go on , please . vole I be just try to be nice to she -- make she feel good . I never dream that I would see she . again -- or the flower stand . sir wilfrid but you do ? ~ it. 25 . vole yes . a few week later -~ again quite accidentally . I be peddle my egg-beater that afternoon and pusiness be a little slow .... instant CUT to : inv. movie theatre . a western be in progress . vole be sit in the last row , he sample - cese on a seat beside he . he be tired and be - slouched down in the seat , foot extend . a woman , wear a wide - brimm hat , come into the row ahead , take the seat directly in front of he , his view of the screen be block . he sit up and tap she on the shoulder . vole would you mind , Madame -=- she turn around . it be Mrs. french , and itt that hat again . vole oh , hello -- mrs . french ( recognize he ) hello , it 's you fault , you know -- you choose it yourself . she be ebout to take off the hat , see the empty seat next to he , then glance at he . vole sure --~ if you like . he move the sample - case . Mrs. french rise and go to the aisle , move into the empty seat . . mrs . french thank you . it 's a bother take it off and put it back on again . ~ they sit in the dark , watch the movie . there be the sound of shoot and hoofbeat .. vole the chap on the white horse be call jesse James . they have lure he into thisambush -- not at all ericket . yy ? oe ) y mrs . french do not worry -~ Mr. James shoot he way out . vole he do ? mrs. french I have see 1t before . I go to the movie quite a lot . ° vole you do ? mrs . french I get so restless at home -- so it go out ; but then I find that I have really no place to go -- so I go to the movie -- sometimes I see the same one two or three time . she take some candy from she purse . mrs . french toffee ? vole yes , please -- ( take one ) thank you , mrs . french I have see Richard the third five time . vole you like Shakespeare ? mrs . french I like Sir laurence olivier . 8 beat ) pity he 's marry . more shoot suddenly and more hoofbeat from the screen . mrs . french you see - there go Mr. James now ! instant CUT to : : ' . et. 19 . int . sir wilfrid' office day Sir wilfrid , mayhew and vole - as we leave they . sir wilfrid ( to vole ) of course , at this time you have no idea that Mrs. french be well - off ? vole absolutely not . we be sit in ° the cheap seat , all I know be that she seem to be very lonely - have no friend whatsoever . ) mayhew she and she husband have live abroad in british Nigeria -- for many year . he be in the Colonial service . he die in forty - five - of a heart attack . sir wilfrid ( flick he ash in the drawer ) please , mayhew --- not while I be € smolce . -~ ( to vole ) '' go. on , young man . vole well , they finally polished off jesse James -- and when we leave the movie , she invite I to she house for tea .. ' . instant CUT to : 20 . int . mrs . french kitchen tay it 4s the neat , well - equip kitchen of 8 small london town house in a good neighborhood . vole be demonstrate he egg-beater for Mrs. french . in the beckground , janet macken2 ig , the housekeeper , 1s pre - pare tea . mrs . french I think it 's the most fascinating thing I have ever see . = - . ( to the housekeeper ) fy Janet ! come look at this ! y 20 . al . janet ( sour ) I have see egg - beater before , mafam . mrs . french but this beat so quickly -- and it separate -~ I guess its centrifugal -- or centrifugsl -- or what be vole ( very matter - of - fact ) . well , actually , it 's specific gravity . it whip cream , too . mrs . french ' .{dreamtiy ) Janet , do you hear that ? -- it whip cream , too . ( a grunt from Janet ) we mast have one . be it expensive ? vole compliment of the inventor , manufacturer and sole distributor . : mrs. french thank you . weill use it constantly , will not we , Janet ? another ~ grunt from Janet ) — we would better get out of here , Mr. vole . Janet do not like visitor in she kitchen . she take he arm , lead he out . Janet look efter they , then contemptuously take the egg-beater out of the bowl and toss it into the sink . int . drawing room mrs , french house imy - Mrs. french lead vole inte the room . he stop to look around . the room be stuff with memento of all the year the french spend in Africa : fierce mask , tigersitin tug , drum , spear and shield . mrs , french '' bit chilly . here , be not it ? shall we have a fire ? vole {a little aghast ) it 's a -- charming room , al . 29 . mrs . french hubert and I collect all this thing when we live in Africa . hubert be my husband . vole opoint to a particularly horrid mask ) there 's a lovable chap ! mrs . french that 's the mask of the witch doctor , he wear it when he pull we servant 's tooth , so hubert use to call hima witch dentist . hubert be so witty . vole yes , I can see thet . Janet have enter with the tea tray , put it down . '' mrs . french oh , Janet -- let 's use we good silver and china . Janet grimly pick up the tray and be about to take it out — ~ Janet put co . wie oh , no . do not bother , Mrs. french -- this be perfectly 411 right . the tray down again , be about to pour the tea . janet {to vole ) temon or milk , please ? vole I dontt really care . mrs . french would you prefer some sherry ? vole sherry would be fine . - janet we have no sherry . mrs 2 french but we have . there 's that bottle — - the one we buy last christm . yp 30 . 21 . Mrs. french open a African cabinet and teke from it @ bottle and one glass . janet ( sarcas tically ) if hetd care for a eggnogg - there happen to be a waste egg in the kitchen - - all ready and separst . mrs , french - 's ( pour the sherry ) do not mind Janet , Mr. vole . itts just that she 's terribly scotch , vole as she ? ( point at the mask ) I think she come with the collection . mrs . french you know -- " ( take another glass from the cabinet ) --~- maybe I 'l ? heave a glass of sherry myselr , I feel like Christmas , somehow , - . instant cot to : 22 . int. sir wilfrid' office day mayhev , Sir wilfrid and vole as we leave they . vole -- after thet I use to see she once or twice 's week . she keep 4 bottle of sherry for I and we would telk , or play canasta , or listen to she old phonograph record -= Gilbert and Sullivan mostly . - ( a beat ) it 's so weird to* think of she now -- lay there , in that live room , murder . sir wilfrid I assure you she hss be move by now . not to have do so . would be unfeel , unlawful and unsanitary . he have take the drawer with the ash out of the cabinet , open the window snd empty it into the street , 31 . may ( to vole ) suppose you tell Sir wilfrid about the evening of the murder . vole I go around to see she about eight o'clock that evening ... she fix I a sandwich and we talk a bit and listen to the mikado . . I leave about nine . I walk home . and get there about half - past . I can prove that - I can swear to 1t --- in or out of court , on the witness stand , anywhere -- Sir wilfrid have be listen without look at vole and polish he monocle . sir wilfrid ( suddenly , cut vole off how mach money do you get from she ? : vole from whom ? . sir wilprid from Mrs. french ! . vole nothing . not a quid . sir wz the truth ? how mich ? vole why should she give I any money ? sir wilfrid because she be in love with you ! vole that 's ridiculous . she like I . she pampere I , like a aunt — but that 's all . I swear . sir wilfrid why do not you tell she you be a marry man ? vole I do tell she . ( ~™ ( ~ 22 . continued : 32 . sir wilfrid but you never take you wife along when you go there -- do you ? " vole no , I didntt , sir wilfrid why not ? vole well , because -~ sir wilfrid because of what ? vole well , Mrs. french be under the impression that christine and I didnt t get along too well -- sir wilfrid be that true ? vole no . we love each other ! sir witfrid then how do she get that impression ? do you give it to she ? vole no == she seem to want to believe 4t that way -- sir wilfrid but you never correct that impression ? why ? - vole I vas afraid she would lose interest in I . sir wilfrid because she be rich ? vole yes , I suppose s0 -- ' sir . wilfrid and. you be after she money ? " 22 . . / . 33 - vole well , yes -- ina way -- by this time Sir wilfrid have put the monocle in he eye . he move he head slightly , so that the sunlight from the window hit the monocle and be reflect directly in vole 's eye . vole do not bat a eyelash as he continue he fervent statement . vole . I be hope to get a loan for my invention -~ a couple of hundred pound -- a honest business proposition , that 's what it would have be -- be that so wick ? sir wilfrid you know it be the housekeeper 's day off ? voile yes , I do sir wilfrid so you go there because you know she would be alone ? ' wole no . TI go there because I think she would be lonely . . str wilfrid all right , lonely ! you and the rich lonely woman ali aione in that lonely house -- with the gramophone blaring the mikado -- perhaps you turn the volume up to drow out she cry --! vole - no . when I leave she , she be alive . sir wilfrid but when the housekeeper come back , she be dead . wie the house have be ransacke . it say so in the papers . it mst have be a burglar . ( very emo tional ) I do not do it . no matter how bad thing look , I didntt do it . you must believe I . you. do believe I , aon 's t you ? ( ~~ eo 34 , complete silence for five second . then - sir wilfrid ( drop the monocle ) or course , Mr. vole . if I do not believe you , I would not have subject you eye or my artery to that ordeal . vole ( exhaus ted ) thank you . sir wilfrid nseat himself ) as for thing look bad -- they dontt look bad , Mr. vole -- they look ternibie- apparently you have no at all ? vole I have . I leave Mrs. french at nine otcdock . sir wilfrid row do you go home -- by bus or underground ? vole . I walk . it be a fine night . sir wilfrid do amyone see you ? vole of course . christine see I when I get home . it be exactly nine - twenty - six . I know because I vent right to work on 4 new sort of clock I have be tinkering with . my wife will tell you that . '' sir wilfrid you wife love you , do she not ? vole very mch . and I love she . we be devote to each other . sir wilfrid you realize , Mr. vole , thet the testimony of a devote wife do not carry mch weight . 35 - =. 22 . vole pw you meon that people will think that christine would tell a lie on my account ? : sir wilfrid it have be kmown , Mr. vole . blood 4s thicker than evidence . ( there be a knock ) . yes ? mr . brogan -moore enter . he be in he middle forty , tall , correct in manner and dress . he be carry '' brief case and a fold newspeper . sir wilfrid ah -- brogan - mooref ! come in , com in ! brogan-moore ( crossing briskly to Sir wilfrid ) so good to have you out of hospital -- sir wilfrid I do not get a full pardon -- itm out on parole . ' you lmow Mr. mayhew , I believe , and this be he client , Mr. Leonard vole . brogan-moore how do you do . ( they shake hand ) yo 's ir ( cue he ) the Emily yrench mrder . brogan-moore ( with reneve interest ) ~ oh , how di do . candy bénas again ) sir wilfrid ( instantly ) - badly , thank you . there 's a mass of circumstantiel evidence , no alibi whatsoever - it 's e hot potato and I be toss it right into you lap , y~ . 's brogan -moore much oblige . 22 . sir wilfrid you line of defense , however , will be lack of motive . you will agree that we can rule out a crime of passion . that leave we with a murder for profit . now then -- if Mr. vole. have be spong on Mrs. french , why kill she and cut off the source of supply ? or -- if he nwe hope for a golden egg , why kill the goose before it vas laid ? no motive . no motive whetsoever ! {a skeptical glance from brogan - Moore ) you find some flaw in this line of reason ? brogan-mdore no . it 's very sound as far as it go . sir wilfrid well , 1t 's all yours , brogan - Moore . you will find Mr. vole very responsive and quite candid -- so candid , in fact , that he have already inform I that we will have to sue he for we fee . brogan-moore ( with a smile ) we will simply put a lien on Mr. volet eighty thousand pound . vole what eighty thousand pound ? brogan-mdore the eighty thousand pound Mrs. french leave you . ~~ vole ( open-mouthed ) ert I ? brogan-moore ( hand the newspaper to Sir wilfrid ) they open Mrs. french 's bank vault today and find she will , ( to vole ) congratulation . oo 22 . 23 . 24 , wie vole you be joke ! ( rise to look at the paper over Sir wilfrid 's shoulder -- elate ) eighty thousand pound ! -- I be worry about a couple of hundred for my silly egg-beater --- and now -- I mst call christine -- he reach for the phone , suddenly he become sware of the way Sir wilfrid , mayhew and brogan - Moore be look at he , there 's a second 's silence . vole ( quite sober now ) this inheritance -- it do not make thing look any better for I , do 1 + ? sir wilfrid no . I would not think so . vole so now they will say that I gid have a mtive -- : sir wilfrid ( rise and crossing to the window ) they will indeed . eighty thousand pound make for 's very handsome motive . wo not they ? Sir wilfrid look down into street . ~ ext , sir wilfrid' build day from wilfrid' poimt of view . a police car , drive by a bobby , pull up sharply . Police driver get out to open door , int . sir wilfrid' office day Sir wilfrid turn back from the window . '' oo 24 , sir wilfrid it 's quite likely . ' vole ( violently ) I know nothing about that will ! I do not ehow Mrs. french have any intention of leave I she money . and if I do not kmow about it , how - could it be a motive ? mayhew ( sympathetically ) Mr. brogan - Moore will certainly bring that out in court . sir wilfrid ( to brogen - Moore , as he cross to the door ) . itts we old friend , Inspector hearns . brogan-moore Chief Inspector , as of last month . sir wilfrid Chief Inspector ! ( to vole ) they mast think = lot of you at Scotland yard -- you be get the de luxe treatment . he open the door to the anteroom , just as hearne and another detective come in from the outside . he beckon sir wilfrid in here , Chief Inspector . hearne and the other detective into he office . hearne - sorry to disturb you in you chamber , Sir wilfrid -- sir wilfrid ( close the door ) perfectly all right . I never object to the action of the Police -- except in court once in a great while . hearne yes , sir . I still have the sear . oa ote ok , sir wilfrid you know Mr. mayhew , and Mr , brogan - moore. ( nod all around ) and this be dangerous ieonard vole . you would better search he -- he may be armed with a egg-beater . hearne ( to vole , very formel ) be you name Leonard vole ? voie ( rise ) it 4s . hearne I have here a warrant for you arrest on the charge of murdering Emily french on October fourteenth last . I must warn you that anythi you say may be take down and use in evidence . vole ( as carefree as he can manage ) I be ready . must I nbe handcuff ? hearne that will not be necessary , sir . . vole you see , I have never be arrest before . not.even for walk 2 dog off the leash , or have 8 beer after hour . sir wilfrid there be no disgrace in be ~ arrest , Mr. vole . king , Prime minister , archbishop - even barrister -- have stand in the dock . 's vo : ' ( to brogan - Moore ) wall you tell my wife that I --- brogan-moore ) yes , I will tell she . mayhew I will go down to the station with you and see that you be properly charge . a ~~ a 24 . vole thank you , Sir wilfrid . ( tw brogan - Moore I will be hearing from you , will not I ? . brogan -moore : yes , of course . sir wilfrid . ( to hearne ) will you see to it - that Mr. vole be well treat ? .. ( whisk the other cigar from mayhew 's pocket , here -- have 2 cigar ! hearne ( reach for it ) tatt very kind of you , Sir wilfrid . sir wilfrid pull it back ) I 'a better not } it would constitute a bribe ! ( he put it carefully in he inside coat pocket ) hearne ( bi tingly ) we ought to be go , Mr. vole . . vole start out with the two ' aetective on either side of he , meyhew follow . vole turn back in the open doorway . they exit . vole ( a little grin ) one thing I have learn for sure -- never look in a window where - there be woman 's hat ! the door close ... sir wilfrid make a very nice impression , do not he ? _ brogan-moore yes , rather . do you give he the monocle test ? sir wilfrid pass with fly color . y> 25 . 41 . brogan-moore I hope he do as well in the dock . this be sticky , you know . sir wilfrid of course 1t be ! the prosecution will blast he with they heaviest artillery . all youtil have be one little popgun - a alibi furnish - by he wife ! be not that a intrigue challenge ? brogan-moore ( artly ) I think I would like it more if 1t be less of a challenge . Carter enter .. carter sorry , Sir wilfrid , but miss plimsoll have issue en ultimatum : if you be not in bed in one minute , she will resign . sir wilfrid splendia !. give she 2 month 's pay and kick she down the stair ! ' carter Sir wilfrid , either you take . proper care of yourself , or I , too , shall resign . sir wilfrid . this be blackmail ! ( the two man look at each other ) you be quite right , cartere for my first day , this have already - be rather hectic . I should be in bed . he teke Carter 's arm casually for support , and with brogan - Moore follow , they go into the anteroom , the anteroom ( day ) Sir wilfrid , Carter and brogan - Moore cross to the staircase . brogan-moore mayhew should get - on to Mrs. vole and have she come over . wi1l you sit in ? 25 . 42 , sir wilfrid thank you , no} I be in no condition to cope with emotional wife drench in tear . ' we see miss plimsoll wait for he halfway up the steir - case , she arm eross , she eye plaze . sir wilfrid - ah , miss plimsoll ! how allure you look -- wait like a hangman on the scaffold . plump himself on the inclina tor ) take mee itm yours} . ( to brogan - Moore ) handle Mrs. vole gently , especially when you break the news of the arrest . besr in mind shef & foreigner , so be prepare for hysterics -- even 5 Painting spell . better have smell salt ready , a box of tissue and a nip of brandy . christine's voice I do not think that will be necessary . ' tey look off . in the entrance stand christine voie . she be handsome , calm and self - contain . she wear @ grey practical sult , 4 small hat and white glove . she speak crisply , and with '' slight Germen accent . christine I never faint because I be not sure that I will fall gracefully -- and I never use smell salt because they puff up the eye . ( she move closer to Sir wilfrid ) I be christine vole . _ sir wilfrid ( pot monocle in eye ) how 60 you do . I they wilfrid robart end this be Mr. brogan - Moore . ( they nod ) my dear Mrs. vole , I be afraid we have rather bad news for you --- 43 . 25 . christine do not be afraid , Sir wilfrid . I be quite discipline . yo sir wilfrid there be nothing to be alarmed about as yet --- christine teonard have be arrest and charge . with marder -- be that 1t ? ( sir wilfrid nod soberly ) I know he would be . I tell he so . sir wilfrid I be glad you be show such fortitude ... christine call it what you lfke .. what be the next step ? sir wilfrid you husband will have to stand trial , I be afraid .. ( to brogan - Moore ) will you take Mrs. vole inside and explain the procedure . ( to christine ) Mr. brogan - Moore will lead the defense . yo christine oh ? you will not personally defend teonard ? sir wieerid regrettably , not . my health -- or rather the lack of it -- forbid I . christine ~ it be regrettable . Mr. mayhew describe you as the champion of the hopeless cause . she hss follow brogan - Moore to the door of Sir wilfrid 's office . stop , and turn back . christine be it perhaps that this cause be 2 . too hopeless ? she do not wait for a answer , walk into the office and '' brogan - mbore close the door . 4h , 25 . Sir wilfrid let the monocle fall , seat himself on the . inelinator and press the button , 111 the time glaring ‘ro at the close door of he office . the inclinator rise , ' and miss plimsoll trot beside it . miss plimsoll I shall have 2 very serious talk with Dr. herrison . it be a mistake to let you come back here . - I should have take you directly to a rest home , or to a resort -- some place quiet , far off -- like bermuda . sir wilfrid ( he mind on Mrs. vole ) oh , shut up ! you just want to see I in that nasty short . the inclinator come to a stop at the head of the staircase . miss plimsoll help Sir wilfrid up from the seat . he stand still , look down toward he office door . miss plimsoll ( pluck at he a sleeve ( come , now , Sir wilfrid , you mst 7 not think of it . you mst get ready for sleep -~ think beautiful thought . ~ she lead he into the bedroom . 26 . sir wilfrid' bedroom ( tay ) it be the room sbove he office , of the seme shape and the same octagonal vimiow design . there be a big victorian bed , e chaise , deep comfortable chair , and & washstand behind a fold screen . as they enter , miss plimsoll take . a pair of pajamas from the bed and hand they to Sir wilfrid . ~ ' miss plimsoll now put that on -- top and bottom -- while I make you bed . ' he take the pajamas , go behind the screen , deep in think . miss plimsoll start to remove the bedspread ( io and arrange the pillow . y 26 . 27 . 45 . miss plimsoll after you rest , we will have of nice cup of cocoa , then perhaps we will go for a little walk in the square . behind the screen Sir wilfrid have not make 4 move to get into the pajamas . his body be here ; he mind be in the office below . miss plimsoll ( ousy with the bed ) I mst say , I feel sorry for that nice Mr. vole -- not just because he be arrest -- but that wife of he -- she mst be german -- I suppose that 's what happen when we let we boy cross the channel : they go crazy --~ personally , I think the government should do something about that foreign wife -- like a embergo -- how else can we take care of we own surplus -- do not you agree , sir. wilfrid ? ( the bed be ready ) all right , hop in -- : ( no ansver ) Sir wilfrid ! alarm , she look behind the screen . the pajamas be there , but no Sir wilfrid . she run oute . staircase and anteroom below ( day ) '' miss plimsoll ron to the top of the stair . miss flimsoll Sir wiitria ! . too late . she get a last glimpse of Sir wilfrid enter he office . int . str wilfrid' office ( my ) brogan - Moore be interview Mrs. vole . he be seat ' behing the desk . Mrs. vole be in a chair near the window . she be very calm and poise . Sir wilfrid enter quietly , gesture to brogan - Moore to contime , then move to a position from which he can observe Mrs. vole . of christine yes , of course , I know that Leonard have be see Mrs , french quite frequently . I know it from the day when he come home with a pair of green sock she have knitted for he . brogan-moore well , that 's quite natural . and I be sure a jury will fine 1t rather endear . christine oh , lieonard can be very endear . he hate that particular shade of green , and the sock be two size too small , but he wear they just the same -- just to. give she pleasure . Leonard have a way with woman , I only hope he will have a all - woman jury -- they will carry he from the courtroom in triumph ! brogan-moore a simple acquittal will do . now , Mrs. vole , you know that Mrs. prench leave you husband money ? . christine yes . a lot of money . brogan-moore of course , you husband have no previous knowledge of this bequest ? christine be that what he tell you ? : broga n-moore surely , Mrs. vole , you be not suggest anything different ? christine oh , no . I do not suggest anything . brogan-mdore quite obviously , Mrs. french have come to look upon you husband as a son -- or , perhaps , & we favorite nephew . 28 . oo a ( nm continued : not . christine you think Mrs. french look upon Leonard es & son -- or 4 nephew ? brogan-moore ido . a entirely natural and understandable relationship . christine what hypocrite you be in this country ! ( brogan -moore and Sir wilfrid exchange a iook ) I shock you . I be so sorry . brogan - moore apparently you have a continental way of look at thing , but I assure you it would be most unvise to suggest that Mrs. french have any feeling for you husband other than -- well -- er -- christine Tet we say a aunt . by all mean . suddenly a bright gleam of sunlight hit she eye and make she blink . Sir wilfrid hes quietly place himself for the monocle test . sir wilfrid pardon I , brogan -moore . th Chris tine ) ddd you say that the sock Mrs. ~ french knitted for you husband be t wo size too small ? christine at least . sir wilfrid would that not indicate that she think of he as a small boy , a nephew , for instance ? christine it indicate that she do not know how to knit . ( she dlink , try to move to avoid the light beam ) oo yo yo we 28. continued : sir wilfrid ( focus the blazi monocile relentlessly . Mrs. vole , you realize that you husband 's entire defense rest on he word and yours . christine . I realize that . sir wilfrid and that the jury will be quite skepticel by the word of a man accuse of murder when support only by the word of he wife . christine I realize that , too . sir wilfrid Tet we then at least make sure that the two be not in conflict . christine by all mean , let we . she have be move she head try to avoid the glare from Sir wilfrid 's monocle , now she casually reach for the cord of the window shade and pull it down e couple of inch -- enough to cut off the sun from Sir wilfrid 's . monocle . christine there ! -~ be not that more comfortable for you , Sir wilfrid ? brogan - Moore smile slightly . Sir wilfrid , he face now in shadow , press on grimly . - sir wilfrid qn : the night of the mrder , you husband come home before nine - thirty . be that correct ? christine yes -- I believe so . . str wilfrid in fact , he remember that it vas precisely nine ~ twenty - six . y) 9 e oo 49 . christine nine twenty - six ! what make hin so precise ? sir wilfrid : fhe clock -- the new invention hetd be tinkering with . christine clock ? oh -- oh , yes , a new kind of cuckoo clock ! it 's very clever . teonard be quite a inventor . brogan-moore then it be true -- he be at home with you at nine twenty - six ? christine precisely . brogan-moore and he do not go out again ? : christine ( by rote ) Leonard come home at nine twenty - six and do not go cut again . a that what he want I to 8 . brogan-moore be not it the truth ? christine ( after a long pause ) of course . brogan - Moore and Sir wilfrid exchange relieved glance ) but when I tell it to the police , I do not think they believe I . ~ maybe I do not sey 1 % vell . maybe because of my accent . sir wilfrid my dear Mrs. vole -- in we court we will accept the evidence of witness who speak only bulgarian , and who must have a interpreter ; and even desf - mute , who can not spesk at all . as long as they tell the truth . brogan-moore you be aware , of course , that when I put you in the witness pox you will be swear , and you will testify under oath ? a ) ) 28. christine yes. ( again , by rote ) Leonard come home at precisely nine twenty - six and do not go out again . the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . be that better ? sir wilfrid mra. vole , do you love you husband ? christine teonard think I do . sir wilfrid ( angrily ) well , do you ? christine be I already under oath ? sir wilfrid . mra. vole , whatever you gambit may be , do you know that under british law you can not be call to give testimony damaging to you husbend ? christine how very convenient . sir wilfrid we be deal with a capital crime . the prosecution will try to hang you husband ! christine he be not my husband . - Moore and Sir wilfrid stare at each other , then at she . there be a moment of shocked silence . christine we go through a form of marriage in Hamburg , but I have a husbend live at the time somewhere in bast Germany -- in the Russian one '' sir wilfrid do you tell leonerd ? co christine it would have be stupid to teil he . he would not have marry I and I would have be leave behind to starve in the rubble . : brogan-moore so he marry you , and bring you safely to this country . dontt you think you should be very grateful . to he ? christine . one can get very tired of gratitude . sir wilfrid you husband love you very much , do he not ? christine Leonard ? he worship the ground I walk on ! sir wilfrid and you ? . christine you want to know too much} {she rise and put up the window shade ) auf wiedersehen , gentleman , she cross quickly toward the door . sir wilfrid ( ecidly ) thank you for come in , Mrs. vole . you visit have be most reassure . christine , ( 1 m the doorway ) do not worry , Sir wilfrid . T shall give he a alibi . I will be very convincing , there will be tear in my eye when I say -- Leonard come home at nine twenty - six -- precisely . I may even bring the cuckoo - as a additional witness . — sir wilfrid you be a very remarkable woman , mra. vole. 52 . christine and you be satisfied , I hope ? she exit . sir wilfrid I be damned if I be satisfied . brogan-moore ( after a beat ) Care to join I in a whiff of that . smell salt ? ( sir wilfrid do not answer ; walk - to the window ) sir wilfrid that woman be up to something , -~ - but what ? brogan-moore the prosecution will break she down in no time when I put she in the witness box . ( while Sir wilfrid 1s look out the window ) you know , defend this case be go to be rather like the charge of the light Brigade , or one of that japanese suicide pilot - quite one -side , with the odd all on the other side . I have not get mech to go on™ : - with , have I ? the fact be , I have get nothing . Sir wilfrid turn from the window . sir wilfrid let I ask you something -- do ou believe Leonard vole be cent ? no answer from brogan - Moore ) bo you ? he have ' put the monocle in he eye . ' the beam of light hit brogan -moore . squarely in the face . ( turn eway ) I be not sure -- I be sorry , wilfria -- of course , I will do my best -- 28 . ( -~ 7 '' or 29 . '' 30 . 53-. sir wilfrid it 's all right , brogan - Moore -- I will take 1 % from here . he whip out the second ¢igar take from mayhew , bit off the tip . behind he the door have open and a frenzied miss plimsoll enter . : . : miss plimsoll I have call Dr. Harrison and give he a complete report on you shocking behavior . I can no longer ---- sir wilfrid give I a match , miss plimsoll , : miss plimsoll Sir wilfrid ! sir ( fortissimo ) did-you-hear-me ? --- a match ! daze and scared , she bring out a book of match , strike one with a tremble hand and hold it out to he . he light the cigar , blow the first puff into she face . there be fearless defiance in he manner , pale out : pale in : - ext .. london prison ( day ) a grim , high - wall building loom against a leaden sky . Sir wilfrid 's roll royce be drive through the open gate . the gate close behind the car . dissolve tos int , cell block ( my ) a guard be lead leonard vole between a row of cell . a 31 . int . prison interview room ( day ) a small , grey room with a single desk and three chair . Sir wilfrid and mayhew , in they overcoat , be wait . a civilian photographer be set up a tripod camera . vole enter , the guard close the door and remain outside . vole hello , Mr. mayhew . Sir wilfrid -- - ( shaking hand with he ) Mr , mayhew tell I you be go to represent I . I be very grateful . - sir wilfrid I strike a bargain with my doctor - — I will let they exile I to bermada for six month as soon as we finish you case . : vole thank you . sir wilfrid Tet we hope that we will bo survive . . meanwhile mayhew have open a small suitcase , bring out a fade trench coat and a crush feel hat . mayhew get into this , vill you ? we need . a photograph . voie ( as mayhew help hin into the coat ) what for ? mayhew - because this be what you wear on the night of the mrder . we want to circulate a photogreph . perhaps someone do see you leave Mrs. french on you way home . . photographer over here , by the window , please . hold it . ( a flash ) - now one in profile , please . ( vole turn , - another flash ) that 's 1t. on 55s . mayhew ( to photographer ) I will pick up the negative later , thank you . during the follow , the photographer pack up he equipment and leave . vole do we really need this ? I mean -- my wife know what time I come home that night . sir wilfrid a disinterested witness may be of more v: vole oh , yes , of course -- christine be a interested witness =- great anxiety - to mayhew ) I do not understand -- why have not she come to see I -~ ? wo not they let she see m ? it 's be a week ---. . sir wiifrid mayhew , give I the report . : vole have you talk to christine -- what 's the matter with she ? sir wilfrid ( distracting he ) I want to read you a portion of the evidence of Janet mackenz the housekeeper : * Mr. vole help Mrs. french with she business affair . particularly she income ~ tax return . . ' vole yes , I do . some of the form be very complicated . sir wilfrid there be also a hint that you may have help she draft she new will -- . vole that 's not true . if Janet say that , shet lie . she be always ' against I . I do not know why --- y > yo ys 31 . sir wilfrid it 's quite obvious . you throw a eggbeater into the wheel of she victorian household . . ( consulting the file ) now , what about this cnt on you wrist ? you tell the police you eut yourself with a knife ? vole thatts right . ( show the scar ) I be cut bread , and the knife slip . but that vas two day after the murder . christine be there -- she ? 1l tell they when she give evidence . ( he see mayhew and Sir wilfrid exchange glance be you keep something from I ? be she 111 ? be she shocked by what happen to I ? sir wilfrid all thing consider , I think she take it very well . of course , that may have be only on the surface . wive be often profoundly disturb at such a time -- vole it mst be hard on she . we have never be separate before . not since we first meeting . sir wilfrid how do you meet you wife , Mr. =~ vole ? ' - vole in Germany , in 1945 -- ( with a smile ) ™™e very first time I see she , the ceiling fall right in on m -- sir wilfrid one ( with raise eyebrow ) ( 7 31 . - 5st . vole , we be station outside Hamburg , with a r.a.f. maintenance unit . I install a shower in the officer ' billet , so they give I a week - end pass ease instant CUT tos ext . bombed - out STREET in hamburg ( night ) the street be wet from rain . Flight sgt. Leonard vole , in Royal Air Force uniform , 4 small kit-bag sling over he shoulder , come down the street . he stop in the cellar doorwey of one of the bomb - out building . a sign over the door , with a blue lantern attach , read : die blaue iaterne . next to the door be a provocative poster of a entertainer exhibithg she remarkable garter leg . across the poster be print : christine helm . Music from a small band drift from the shabby cellar cabaret and christine be hear sing . it 1s one of that fly - by-night cabaret which spring up in the rubble to attract serviceman . vole glance at the poster , then go down the shattered step lead into the night club . ine , night club ( night ) vole enter the dark smoke - fill roam and look around , it be a sm all claustrophobic catacomb with odd and end hold the crumble wall together , it be pack with british military personnel . the air be hot and thick with pent - up animal expectancy . on a ersatz stage a emaciate four-piece german band be accompany christine . she wear a german sailor 's outfit , with pants . she sing auf der reeperbahn and accompany herself .on a small accordion , - vole cross to the bar , where it be already three - deep , busy himself a schnapp and watch Chris tine . christine start the second chorus . she step down from the stage . as she play and sing , she move alluringly between the densely crowded table , brush against the eager , alcholize customer . a rickety spotlight , operate by one of the waiter , follow she . there be scattered catcall and whistle of siseppointment over christine 's costume as she be move among they . ey ya yey first drunken soldier hey , fraulein show we some legnt 's second soldier they rob you blind and then throw you 4 ruddy sallor ! third soldier - come on -- let 's see ‘em } she move on , play and sing , try to smile they into submission , there be a atmosphere of impending trouble , with man shouting and bang the table with fist and glass . ad lib we want leg ? what be you hide there ? cut out the camouflagel heraus mit der trousers ? tegs ! legsi leg ! her voice 1s drown out now in the raging of the crowd . she be try to make the atage , but do not quite make it . a thick - neck sergeant grab she . . sergeant : all right , fraulein , 1f you wont , show tem --- I will ! he hold she , bend down and rip one trouser~leg open , expose she leg above the knee , the stock and the fancy garter . she kick he , another soldier grab she and rip the other trouser - leg . the stampede be on . the man pack around the bar also surge forward to get a sy melee , leave vole alone , sip he schnapp etly . christine be fight back , kick at that in reach , hit at other with she accordion . the musician , too , be in on the scrimmage , as be the waiter , all try to protect she . from off come siren , shrill whistle and screeching of brake . - a dozen british m.p. 's come surging in , past vole at the bar . ' they fight they way through to the heart ' of the roughhouse , start haul the combatant apart , and break up the fight . then they start.to drag the atruggle soldier out . 34 . 35 . ext . night club ( night ) the m.p. 's haul the soldier out and load they on two large military truck park outside . the pirst drunken soldier be be hustle onto the truck by a mp . he make a last stand , grab he captor 's trouserleg . first drunken soldier all right . --- show I you leg ! the mp. clunk he .on the head with he night stick , , then heave he onto the truck . as the last of the soldier be be drag out of the night club , a mp. officer plaster a out of bound sign smack over christine helm 's center section , catcalis ang hoot from the truck : on target , sir ! -- bullt -eye , leftenant ! -- kill -foy} -- hoch der kaiser ] the Lieutenant get into the front seat of the lead truck and both drive off , the soldier hoot and shouting . the street be desert again . to the right of the night club be a completely shattered pulide . all that be stand be a door , the door open and leonerd vole come out blithely , carefully close the door again , without any hesitation he go to the night club . for a second he stop at the poster . fhe off limit sign have come loose at one corner . he press it down , smoothing it out , then go down the step just as the dishevel misician be come out with they instrument . int . night clus ( wicht ) as vole reenter , the waiter 's be try to clean up the mess of overturn table , chair and break gless . through the overturn furniture he see christine , she trouser - leg tear , crawl about , look for something . she glance up at he coldly . vole I forget to finish my drink . he reach behind a fire extinguisher attach to the well for he unfinish gless of schnapp , toast stine . _ vole gesundheit . ( no response he downs he drink ) what be you look for ? > , 35 60 . christine my accordion . vole let I help you . he walk toward she . : suddenly there be a discordant sound , obviously he have step on the accordion . stop short . christine look up at he . vole ( sheepishly ) I think I find it . he look down , then slowly raise he foot , the accordion respond with a moan sound , he wince . christine ( wearily ) step on it again -- it 's still breathe . vole I be terribly sorry . christine ( take the accordion ) all right -- get out . weve have trouble enough . vole actually , it 's you own fault , that costume outside give the boy idea -- then you trousers let they down - hard , christine that costume go in the first reid on Hamburg . then reid by raid the rest of my dress . now you have bomb my trousers . vole extend a package of cigarettes and some chew gum , vole cigarette ? gum ? she take a piece of gum , remove the wrapper and put the gum in she mouth , vole , he eye on she leg , automatically take out a pocket lighter and snap it on , hold it out to she . christine ( after a long beat ) you be burn my nose . ( ~~ cc vole look up , be aware of he mistake , grin and close the lighter . vole say -~ how about some coffee ? - ( tapping he kit -bag ) itve get a tin of coffee . - christine how much ? vole I do not know -- what 's the rate of exchange ? christine depend - whether it 's fresh coffee , or powder coffee . vole itts instant coffee . any hot water at you place ? : christine sometimes . vole let 's take a chance . where do you live ? : christine nearby . come . she lead he a few step toward the bacof the night club , where a tatter curtain 1s draw across 8 niche . she pull it back . ' he be where she life . it mst have be the small wine cellar , now transformed into makeshift live quarter . ' the plaster be break and peel ‘on the wall and ceiling ; 1 % be spareely furnish with a precarious teble , ea cot and a ges plate for cooking . one corner 1s just about to cave in -- it be support by a beam propped up by a chair . christine sorry -- it 's the may 's night off . she toss the accordion onto the cot , then light the ges plate and put the water on the stove . . vole it 's pretty horrible -- ina gemetilich sort of way . 62 . christine it 's fine now . I use to have & roommate . a dancer . she have luck , she marry a canadian . she live now in Toronto . she have a Ford automobile . ( she look et the tiny ges flame ) better make yourself comfortable - the gas be slow this day . vole I have get - a week - end pass . he put he kit-bag and he cap on the table , then start for the chair in the corner . christine no , not that chair . it hold up that beam , and that hold up half the ceiling . better sit on the cote vole on the cot ? ( he seat himself ) it 's get more gemetlich all the time . he watch she as she take a couple of chip cup from ashelf . he see a wedding ring on the appropriate finger . voie be you marry ? christine why ? ( notice he look ) oh -- that ... no , I be not marry , I just weer it when I be work . -- it give I a little protection -— with all this man , vole do not work too well tonight , dia it ? christine tonight be bed . but it be get better . ( a beat ) where be the coffee ? 63 . 35 . vole ~~ coffee -- jawohl ! . {he jump up , take ~~ a tin from he kit-bag ) the finest brazilian blend -— the same kind field marshal montgome : a@rink . '' he have open the tin . she pour a spoonful of the powder coffee in each of the cup . stand behind , christine , he put he arm around she waist . he kiss the back of she neck twice - lightly . : . vole how 's that for a rate of exchange ? christine ( stir the coffee ) Fair . wie would you be interested in have the whole tin ? christine I would , di be push the tin across the table , then turn she toward oo he and kiss she more ardently . vole paix ? : christine very fair . vole how be you fix for sugar ? christine I coulda use some . ~ os vole crean ? : christine sure . vole have remove two more tin from he '' put this next to the coffee , then take christine in he arm again . vole a sugar. o~ ( a kiss ) cream . ( a bigger kiss ) qo oq yo 35 - 64 . christine it be a pleasure to do business with you . vole I also carry bacon , powder egg and biscuit . he spill the content of the kit-bag on the table . ~ christine I do not know if I can afford it . vole do not worry . wetll work out a instaliment plan . a small down - payment will do . they exchange look , smile . from the night clud gaunt elderly waiter , dress for the street with hat and coat , look in . waiter gute nacht , fraulein helm . christine gute nacht . ( she see he hungry look at the food ) hier ( she hend he all the tin ) nehmen sie 's mit nach hause -- fuer die Kinder ! waiter . danke schoen -- danke vielmel , praulein helm ] he bow out , overwhelm by the goody , kill the light in the night club . vole and christine be alone again . vole you give away a fortune . half pound of bacon , four dozen powder egg , and all that biscuit ! christine do not worry . I shall meet every installment . vole forget it . wo charge . compliment of Flight sgt. Leonard vole . yd ) d 35 - 65 . " christine no . we be hungry , but we be not beggar . . vole nonsense . nobody owe nothing to nobody , let 's start from scratch . okay ? christine ( a warm smile ) - okay . . vole iet 's have the coffee . ( move to the couch ) if someone have tell I I be go to wind up with a german sailor -- he burst into a rowdy rendition of reeperbahn , and earop exuberantly on the cot , the cot collapse , slide forward and dislodge the chair . the beam fall , follow by a good-size piece of the ceiling . a big cloud of plaster dust envelop the room . christine , amused . watch vole who be shield he face with he arm . vole : itm terribly sorry . maybe I can fix it . I be good at it . christine why fix it ? % it be not raining . ( sit ' beside he on the cot . be ' you all right ? vole I 5. ( rub he head ) o. my head hurt . christine maybe I can fix it . I be good at it . he lie back ag she kiss he , ' the accordion groan , . and christine reach under he to fish it out . she throvs 1t into a corner of the room the accordion land upright , then collapse slowly with @ lovely languorous sound . instant CUT to : '' 36 . o~ yp 66 ; int . prison interview room day vole , Sir wilfrid and mayhew as we leave they . the prison guard visible through the glass in the door . vole ( engagingly ) a+ well , I have a week - end pass ..- @ month 's pay in my pocket -~ sir wilfrid and she already hed a wedding ring -- vole that 's right . we get marry , and when I get out of the service , I bring she to England . it be wonderful -- T rent 2 little flat on tottenham Court Road . when christine see it for the first time , she be so happy she break down and cry , sir wilfrid naturally . she hada solid roof over she head , and a british passport , . vole oh , no , it be not thst at all -= it be I , she lose all she family in the war -~ I be all she have . sir politely ) yes , of course . vole you do not really know christine -- the way she feel about I -- but youl see when she give she evi - ne . - . sir wilfrid my. vole , I mst tell you that I be not put she in the witness box . . vole you be not !? ---- why not ? sir wilfrid well -- for one thing , she be a - fore - igner , not too familiar with the subtlety of we language - the prosecution could easily trip she up -- a & ~~ a on 37 . n ~~ 67 . mayhew I hear it may be Mr. myer for the Crown . we can not take chance he , sir wilfrid quite . ( consulting he watch ) with we would better be go . miss plimsoll be wait in the car - with she pill and a thermos of lukewarm cocoa . mayhew ( open the door ) Guard ! ( plead ) but christine mst give evidence . sir wilfrid ( put on he hat ) I be -- and you must trust m , vole . if for no other reason , Mr. be - cause I be a mean , 111 - tempere o1d ( extend he hand ) let we wish each other luck . the guard have enter and take vole out into the corridor . Sir wilfrid and mayhew follow . int . prison corridor ( day ) the warder be lead vole up the corridor . he turn back for one last plea . vole ( very emotional ) ~ ~ I cantt face this without christine , I tell you , I be scared . I need she . without she , I be sink . Sir wilfrid and mayhew contime down the corridor . they react , but they do not look back . after a few more step : mayhew . touch , be not it , the way he count on he wife . sir wilfrid yes -~- like a drown man , clutching at a rezor blade . they walk on , pade out : yo e *4 fade in : london STREET ( day ) a newspaper vendor outside a tube station , a placard beside he read : vole trial start today . the business be brisk ... : - ext . old bailey ( day ) start on the figure of justice on top of dome . a workman on a scaffold be scrubbing the sword and the scale . pan down the facade of the venerable building . dissolve to : int , courtroom no . 1 old bailey ( Day ) continue the pan , then stop to reveal the pack courtroom . bveryone concerned in the trial except Sir wilfrid be in place : judge , clerk , official , juror , barrister , the defendent and that of the public lucky enough to have gain admittance . . clerk ( face the dock ) Leonard vole , you be charge on . tndictzent for that you on the fourteenth day of September in the County of lonion , murder Emily Jane french . how say you , Leonard vole ? be you guilty or not guilty ? in the dock , flanke by two warder , stand Leonard vole , ' pale and tense .. . ~ vole ( after a pause ) not guilty . clerk ( tarning to 's the juror ) member of the jury , the prisoner stand indicted for that he on the fourteenth day of September murder Emily Jane french . to this indictment he have plead not 's guilty , and it be you charge to say , have hear the evidence , whether he be guilty or not . clerk : sit ) & ho . y9 es : . . 3 69 : a warder touch vole 's shoulder and he sit down . + '' he judge member of the jury , by the oath you have just take you have swear to try this case on the evidence . you must shut out from you mind everything except what will take place in this Court . {to myer ) : you may proceed for the prosecution , Mr. myer . . myer rise , a keen , dark , relentless figure . he adjust he wig as he speak . myer mey it please you , my lord . ( then ‘to the juror ) member of the jury , I appear in this case with my learn friend ' Mr , Barton for the’ prosecution . my learn friend , Sir wilfrid Roberts and Mr. brogan - Moore appear for the Defense . re gesture to the other end of the bar , where the Defense counsel be seat . brogan - Moore and mayhew be present bt one seat be vacant -- no sign of Sir wilfrid . . myer I trust we be not to be deprive of the learn and stimilate : presence of Sir wilfrid . brogan-mdore ( rise ) my lord , may I assure my learn friend of the prosecution that ' Sir wilfrid be in the 01d batley . he 1s slightly incapacitate but - he will be in he seat presently . myer my lord , may I express my regret that Sir wilfrid be even slightly ancapacitate <- . judge you may , Mr. myer , and you may also proceed with the case for the prosecution . ' the transcript will be available to Sir wilfrid should he require it . — co . '' . * 70 . thank you , my lord . ( to the jury ) the fact in this case be simple , and to a point , not in dispute . you will hear how the prisoner make the acquaintance of Mrs. Emily french , a woman of fifty - six ; how he be treat by she with kindness and even affection . the nature of that affection you can will have to decide for yourselves . on the night of October lith , last , between nine - thirty and ten o'clock , Mrs. french be murder and medical testimony will be introduce to prove that death be cause by a4 blow from a blunt and heavy instrument , and 1t be the case for the prosecution that the blow wae strike by the prisoner , leonerd ole . vole . ( excitedly ) that 's not true , I do not do it . the warder rise with he and urge he back into he seat . the commotion subside . myer among the witness you will hear police evidence also , the evidence of Mrs. french 's house - keeper , Janet mackenzie . and from medical and lepcratory expert , and the testimony of the murder woman 's solicitor , who draw she final will . . during this , 's shot of the Witness 's bench outside , with Inspector hearne , Janet mackenzie , 's two uniform policeman , the laboretory man , and Mr. Stokes , a neatly dress , elderly solicitor . back in the courtroom -* mzer I will now call Chief Inspector hearne , criminal investigation Department , New Scotland yard . usher ( call ) Chief Inspector hearne ! yp 41 . - 71 . the Witness bench outside , in doorway from Court , policeman appear . policeman Chief Inspector hearne . hearne rise and enter courtroom walk to witness box . the usher hand he the Bible and hold up the oath card . . hearne ( by memory ) I swear by almighty God that the evidence I shall give shall be the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth . while hearne be recite the oath , vole be sit forward dn the dock , he hand close tight on ' the railing , stare enxiousiy at the vacant seat where Sir wilfrid on . ee int . robing room old bailey ( pay ) * a small , panell room with wooden locker along each wall . Sir wilfrid be wear he wig , one arm be pare , and he be reluctantly allow 4 physician , dr . harrison , to take he blood pressura . Carter be watch and miss plimsoll 4s fill 4 hypodermic . syringe . sir wilfrid this be ridiculous -- just a dit . of nervous heartburn -- I always get it the first day of a trial . ( detach the eauge ) 240 above 130 - = - you should not pe here at all . sir wilfrid . ( try to get up ) I should be in the courtroom - - the trial have begin ! dr . harrison ( hold he down -- to miss plimsoll ) the syringe , please , miss plimsoll : ( pass ' the syringe ) now , bea good brave boy , Sir wilfrid . ? yo 41 . . 72 . ' sir wilfrid miss plimsoll , it may interest you to kmow that I be descend from a warrior family which trece its brave past back to Richard the iion-heart ( off -scene Dr. Harrison have jabbe he with the needle ) oe ouch ! dr . harrison you*re to have a calcium injection daily -- «a tranquilize pill every hour -- ( he a small white box ) - in case of a sudden pain , or shortness of breath , pop one of this nitroglycerine tablet -~ from the dlack box -- ( hand he a small black box ) -- under you tongue . and itil leave you some drop tor = -— sir wilfrid ( get up ) that 's enough , Doctor -= the judge '' will be ask for a4 saliva ( to Carter ) I would better teke that thermos of coco with I . ( to Dr. Harrison ) help I wash down the pill . he quickly get into he silk robe while . Carter produce the thermos bottle from a small attache cape . . miss plimsoll ( to Carter ) let I see it , please . / ( the thermos - to Dr. Harrison ) my leern patient be not above substitute brandy for the cocoa -- ( she have remove the cap , sniff at the content ) it be cocoa . so sorry . 's sir wilfrid if you be a woman , miss ' pilmsoll , I would strike youl he snatch the thermos and hand it to Carter . oo ke . t3.: str wilfrid ( with the suggestion of a wink ) take care of this , Carter . _ . dr . harrison now , Sir wilfrid , in the courtroom , you mist avoid over - excitement . watch you temper . keep both you . voice and you blood pressure down -- during this , Carter have move to the attache case , turn he back to the other . in the case be another identical thermos bottle . he deftly exchange the thermos bottle , close the container . sir ( to Dr. hawebson ) thank you , 's Doctor . I shall be quite safe , what with the pill — and the cocoa . ( take 's the therms ) come on , Carter ! : they exit : Sir wilrrid , Carter and the thermos full of brandy . : int . courtroom wo . 1 ( day ) myer be stand , examine ingpector hearne . ' the pack courtroom be follow the testimony closely . hearne oes from the body temperature , and other factor , we place the time of death at between nine - thirty and ten p.m , approximately thirty mimte before Janet mackenzie , the housekeeper , return home and - eall we . mver in what position do you find the body of Mrs. french ? hearne she be lie on she face , with & severe injury to the back of she Cry vole , in the dock , be listen gloomtly . he look up and smile because he see that Sir wilfrid and Carter have enter and be proceeding to they seat . Sir wilfrid be carry the thermos bottle under he gown . the interrogation proceed over this . 74 . myer . be thot injury the cause of death , Inspector ? : hearne . yes , sir . death be instantaneous , cause by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument , Sir wilfrid , still unnotice by anyone but vole , be make he way to the bar , Carter to the place reserve for he myer be there any other sign of a struggle ? : hearne none . just the one blow . myer one blow ? would that indicate to you that the mrderer have take Mrs. french by surprise ? Sir wilfrid be just about to sit down ; straighten up sharply . . sir wilfrid my lord , I mst object -- " . ( the judge , myer , other be now aware of +> my learn friend refer to the assailant as the murderer , but we have not yet determine whether the assailant be a man . -- or a woman . it could quite conceivably have be the murderess . . judge Mr. myer , it seem that Sir ~ wilfrid have join we just in time to catch you on a point of grammar . please rephrese you que tion .. Sir wilfrid , with a little smile at hearne , sit down . yes , my lord . — ( to hearne ) Inspector , be it you opinion that the assailant -- . ( glaring at Sir wilfrid ) -~- whether he , she or it -= take Mrs. french by surprise ? of - 5 42 . Sir wilfrid be about to put the therms * bottle under the seat , but rise quickly again . . sir wilfrid my lord , I be take by surprise that my yearned colleague should attempt to solicit from the witness a opinion , and not a fact . judge - . quite so . youtll have to do better than that , Mr. myer , mzer * ( resign ) my lord , I withdraw the question entirely . sir wilfrid that 's mich better . '' the sit and put the thermos under he seat ) in the crowded gallery , miss plimsoll squeeze herself into a vacant seat next to a young blonde woman whose attention be rivete on vole in the dock . hise plimsoll set she alarm wristwatch and settles ck . ' below the examination have contimue . . mers very well , Inspector , let we proceed with the fact in the case . after establish the cause and the time of death , what do you then do ? hearne a search be make , photograph be take , and the premise be . fingerprinted . . myer what fingerprint do you discover ? hearne . I find the fingerprint of mrs.° french , that of Janet mackenzie , and some which later prove to be that of Leonard vole . myer no other ? . ( ~ ~ 16 . : hearne no other . vole take he hand from the rail of the dock and move uneasily in he seat at this revelation . - myer now do you say that the room have the eppearance that a robbery have be commit ? . hearne yes . thing be strewn about and a window have be break near the catch . there wes glass on the floor and fragment be find outside . the glass outside be not consistent with the window have be force from the outside . myer what you be say be that someone attempt to make it look as though the window have be force from the outside , be not that so ? sir wilfrid * ( rise my lord , I mst object . my learn friend be put vord in the witness ! mouth , after all , if he insist on answer he own question the presence of the witness seem superfluous . : judge quite , quite . do not you think so , Mr. myer ? my. . ( sourly ) yes , my lord . ( to hearne ) Inspector , do you escertain whether any of the mrder woman 's property be miss ? hearne . . accord to the housekeeper , nothing be miss . myer . in you experience , Inspector , when burglar ~- with a glance at Sir wilfrid ) — -- or burglaress -- break into a house , ao they leave without take anything ? tt he . . . hearne no , sir . ( ~~ wers * do you produce a jacket , Inspector ? . . hearne yes , sir .. a usher cross to the table on which the exhibit be put out -- a@ jacket , a knife , the will , and assort other papers . the usher pick up the jacket and take it to the Inspector . myer be that the jacket ? . hearne yes , sir , ( as the usher replace the jacket ) myer I propose that this be tag exhibit one . . ( then to hearne ) where do you find this , Inspector ? of erate . that be the jacket find in the prisoner 's flat , which I hand to we lab to test for blood tain . mzer and do you find bloodstain ? . hearne yes , though a attempt have be make to wash they out . Sir wilfrid , seemingly disinterested in the interrogation , twirl he monocle around he finger . mzer what test do the laboratory make , Inspector ? hearne first , to determine if the staln be make by human blood ; then to classify it by group or type . '' and be the blood of a particular group or type ? a 42 , . hearne yes , sir , it be type 0 . myer and @id you subsequently test the blood of the dead woman ? . hearne yes , sir . . myer and what type be that ? hearne the. same --- type 0. . myer thank you , Inspector . vole , in the dock , hear the excited mrmr from the courtroom , he’ glance anxiously at the judge , who be write a note , then at the jury whose expression indicate that the prosecution have score . he look at brogan - Moore , prepare some psper , and at Sir wilfri who be impassively twirling he monocle . ' wers no further question . he sit down complacently . ' there be a moment 's pause . Sir wilfrid carefully . put the monocle in he eye , rise . sir wilfrid you say that the only fingerprint ~ you find be that of Mrs. french , Janet mackenzie and the prisoner , Leonard vole . in you experience when a burglar break in , do he usually leave fingerprint , or do he wear glove ? he wéar glove . sir wilfrid invariably ? hearne almost invarlably . sir wilfrid so the absence of fingerprint in a case of robbery would hardly surprise you ? ( he . . hearne no , sir . sir wilfrid can not we then surmise that a burglar might have enter what be presumably a empty house , might have suddenly encounter Mrs. french and strike she «- then realize that she be dead , panicked and fle without take anything ? hearne - yes , sir -- that be certainly possible . wers ( rise ) I submit , my lord , thet it be entirely impossible to guess what go on in the mind of some entirely imaginary burglar -- with or without glove , judge quite right , Mr. rarr Tet we not surmise , Sir wileria , dut confine ourselves to fact . sir wilfrid ( nod -- then to hearne ) Inspector , when you question the prisoner as to the stain on he jacket , do he not show you 4 recently heal scar on he wrist and tell you he have cut himself with a kitchen lend fe ~ while slice bread ? : hearne . yes , sir , that be what he say . sir wilfrid and be you not tell the same thing by the prisoner 's wife ? . hearne yes , sir , but afterwards -- ha , 80 . sir wilfrid - ( sharply ) — a simple yes or no , please . . dia the prisoner 's wife show you a knife and tell you that she husband have cut he wrist while slice bread ? . hearne . yes , sir . sir wilfrid I will ask you to examine this knife , Inspector . usher cross to table , pick up ynife with tag on it , and bring it to hearne . sir wiifrid just test the edge of the knife with you finger -- ( hearne do so ) - — - carefull arne pull he finger away ) you agree that the point and the cut edge be yazorsharp ? hearne yes , sir. hand knife back to the usher ) sir wilfrid now then , if such a knife be to ' slip , might it not inflict a cut which would bleed profusely ? hearne yes , sir -- it might . - sir wilfrid now , Inspector , you have state that the bloodstein on the prisoner 's jacket be analyze , as be the blood of Mrs. french , and they be both find to be of the same group - Group 0 ? hearne that be correct . 81 , a2 . sir wilfrid - . however , if the prisoner 's blood be also of this same group then the ~~ stain on he jacket might very vell (? have result from the household * accident he describe to you ? 's . hearne yes , sir . sir wilfrid do you analyze the prisoner 's plood , Inspector ? hearne no , sir . sm I have here a certificate -- ( brogan - Moore extend it to he ) -- state that Leonard Stephen vole be a blood donor at the North London Hospital and that he blood its -- ( emphatically ) Group - 0. of ~ a buzz in the courtroom . vole , relieved , wipe some ( ? perspiration from he upper ' lip . . sir wilfrid thank you , Inspector . {he sit ) myer ( try to recover t ground , Inspector '' * erant that the cut on the wrist be cause by that knife , be there anything to show ~ whether it be a accident or do deliberately , after the murder -- to account for the biod-d-stain ? sir - ( half-rise ) really , my lord --! myer I withdraw the question . you may stand down , Inspector . : ( to the usher} co call Janet mackenzie . he . 82 . " continued : usher Janet mackenzie ! . policeman Janet mackenzie} Janet enter courtroom , carry bag and umbrella , she tight - lipped face cold and expressionless . as she pass the dock she glare at vole and contime - on to the stand . usher hand she Bible and hold oath card . Janet start to recite the oath . . in the Gallery , miss plimsoll be watch the proceedings . her alarm wristwatch go off suddenly , and she quickly stifles the buzzer , she look apologetically at the blonde in the next seat , then lean forward , attract the attention of Carter below . Carter catch she eye , nod , signal to mayhew . mayhew signal to brogan - Moore who lean close to Sir wilfrid , whisper something . Sir wilfrid have be twirling he monocie on its cord . he nod , take out the white pill box , from which he remove . one pill , brogan - Moore lift out the thermos bottle , unscrew the cap and fill .it , hand it to Sir wilfrid . wilfrid look up at mas flimsoll , who nod approvingly as he put the pill in he mouth . then he swiris the liquid in the cup , as in a snifter , inhale the aroma and swallow the content appreciatively . in the Gallery miss plimsoll be set she alarm watch egein and whisper to she blonde neighbor : miss plimsoll I do not think he could get the trial if he do n?t have he medicine every hour . during all this Janet mackenzie have be swear and we have hear the first of the question . . myer : you name be Janet mackenzie ? janet aye , that 's my name . where do you live ? of he . sanet ( turn to the judge ) now that Mrs. french , poor soul , 4s dead , I have move in with ny niece , at 19 glenister place . . juige miss mackenzie , would you please speak into the microphone . mwer you be companion - housekeeper to the late Mrs. Emily french ? janet I be she housekeeper . I have no opinion of companion , poor feckless body , afraid to do a bit of honest domestic work . myer quite . what I mean be that you be on friendly term — not altogether that of a mistress and a servant , janet fen year I be with she and look after she . '' she know I and she trust I , and many 's the time I prevent she do a foolish thing . myer please tell we in you own word about the event of the evening of September lith . janet it be Friday end my night out . I wes go round ts : see my niece in glesis ter Road , vhich be about five mimite ' walk . i. leave the house at half - past seven . I would promise to bring she 4 dress pattern that she would - admire ... ( the microphone loom before she make she nervous == to the judge be this thing necessary ? 83 ; ‘or ( ~ he . 84 , judge . a excellent question . however , it have be install at considerable expense to the taxpayer so let we take advantage of it . please continue . __ janet - : well , when I get to my niecet , I find I would leave the pattern behind so after supper I slip back to get it , , as it be no distance . I get back to the house at twenty - five mimte past nine . I let myself in , and go upstairs to my room ( glance at vole ) as I pass the sit - room , I hear the prisoner in there talk to Mrs , french . vole ( jump up ) no ! it be not I ! it wasntt my voice } the warder restrain he . he sink back in he chair . myer you be sure it be the - prisoner 's voice you hear ? . janet aye , I know he voice well enough ~- with he call so often . talk and laugh they be , but it be no business of mine , so I go up - stair and fetch my pattern . mzer let we be very exact about the time . you say that you reentere the house at twenty - five past nine ? > janet aye . the pattern be on a shelf in my room , right next to my clock , and I see the time . ' twenty - five past nine . go on , please . janet I go beck to my niece . she be de - light with the pattern -- she have turn to the judge who wave she back toward the microphone ) . ceont would ) 85 . * et janet ( contta. ) there | -~ simply delighted . stay be unt : twenty a eleven , then come home . I go into the sit - room to see if the mistress want anything , and there she be , dead , with every - thing toss hither and thither . myer do you really think that a burg 's have occurre . Sir wilfrid be still doodling with he pill , but at this question he leap to he foot . sir wilfrid my lord , I mst protest . judge ( sternly ) I will not allow that question to be answer , Mr. myer . myer mtlord . ( to Janet ) how much do you know about the prisoner ? janet I know that he need money . myer do you ever hear he ask Mrs. prench for money ? janet he be too clever for that . myer be you aware , miss mackenzie , that teonard vole be a marry man ' janet no indeed ! neither be the mistress . vole ( he 13 again restrain ) str wilfrid ( rise ) mlord , I mst object . wheat Mrs , prench know or do not know be pure ~ conjécture on Janet mackenzie 's part . Janet ! not . let I put it this way .e«. ( wilfrid sit you form the opinion that Mrs. french think Leonard vole a single man ? have you any fact . to support that opinion ? janet here be the book she order , the life of baroness burdett cout and one about disraeli and he wife . both of they about woman whota marry man year young than themselves . I know what she be think . judge I be afraid we cannot admit that . janet ( bristle ) judge member of the jury , it be possible for 8 woman to read the life of disraeli without contemplate marriage with a man young than herself . mzer ( after laugher have - subside ) miss mackenzie , . be you aware of what arrangement Mrs. french have make for the disposal of she money ? janet yes , she have she old will revoke and a new one draw up . I hear she call she solicitor , Mr. Stokes . he be there , too , the prisoner , I mean . myer you hear the prisoner and Mrs. french discuss she new will ? janet aye . he be to have all she money , she tell he , as she have no near relative nor anybody who mean to she what he dia . ~ we 4 yw he . 87 . myer and when do this take place ? * janet on September 8th , one week to the day before she be murder . myer thank you . ( turn slightly , to Sir wilfrid ) that conclude my examination , ' Janet rise , be about to leave the box , but Sir wilfrid stop her. : sik ( quietly ) not just yet , miss mackenzie . she give he a angry look and resume she place in the box . sir ( monocle in eye ) miss mackenzie , you have give testimony about two will : in . the ola will , the will that be revoke , be you not to receive the buik of Mrs. french 's estate ? wv aye . ' that be so . sir wilfrid whereas in the new will , except fora bequest to you of a small anmity , the principal beneficiary be the prisoner , ieonard vole ? janet it will be a wick injustice if he ever touch a penny of that money . sir wilfrid it be entirely understandable that you be antagonistic to the prisoner , anet I be not antagonistic to he . he 's a shiftless scheme rascal - but I be not antagonistic to he sir wilfrid I suggest that you have form this opinion because he friendship with you mistress cost you the bulk of she estate . janet I never like hin . - sir wilfrid . you candour be refresh . now , on the night of September 14th , you say you hear the prisoner and Mrs. french talk together . what do you hear they say ? janet tr aldant hear what they sctuslly say . sir wilfrid you mean you only hear the voice -- the mxmyr of voice ? janet they be laugh . str wilfrid what make yo : say the man 's voice be teonard Vo '.e ? janet I know he voice well enough . sir wilfrid the door be close , be it not ? janet yes . sir wilfrid you be no doubt in a hurry to get the pattern , so you probably walk quickly past the close gcoor -— yet you be sure that you hear Leonard vole 's voice ? janet iwas there long enough to hear what I hear . . sir wilfrid come , miss mackenzie , I be sure you do not wish to suggest to the jury that you be eavesdropp . ( 7 co es janet I know it be he in there with she . who else could it have be ? sir wilfrid exactly ! what you mean be you want it - to be he . thatts the way you mind work . now , tell I , do Mrs. french sometimes watch television in the evening ? . janet aye . she be fond of a talk , or & good play . sir be not 1t possible that on the evening when you return home and pass the door , that what you really hear be the television and a man and woman 's voice , and laughter ? ( to the jury ) there be a play call * iovert ieap™ on the television that nignt . noe - janet it be not the television , sir wilfrid oh ? why not ? janet because it be away be repair at ww : - laughter in the courtroom , the juror join in . the judge , with a smile , 1s make a note . mayhew and brogan - Moore exchange a worried glance . Sir wilfrid reach for he " cocoa , " unscrew the cup and pour , guilp it like a man who need the restore tive . in the Gallery , miss plimsoll have see wilfrid take the '' eocoa " , she look at she watch , puzzle . miss plimsoll ( to she blonde neighbor ) odd -- it 's not time yet . Sir wilfrid , catch she look , quickly take a pill from the white box and swallow it with a innocent grin , '' 90 . a€ 42 , in the courtroom , the usher cry " silence " and as the oo crowd subside , myer rise . myer : {with a look at Sir wilfrid ) . if my learn friend have no further question I would like -- sir wilfrid ( rise ponderously ) I have not quite finish . '' tto Janet -- quite loud ) you be register , be you not , under the netional Health insurance Act ? : janet that 's so . four-and -six I have to pay out each week . it 's a terrible lot of money for a work woman to pay . - $ ir wilfrid T be sure 's that many agree with you . now , then , miss mackenzie do you recently apply to the National Health insurance < -- ( aropp '' yo sir wilfrid ( st411 in a lower tone , a hearing aid ? janet what do you say ? isughter in the courtroom , the usher cry * stience® , + ( bristle ) my lord , I mst protest at the manner in which this question be be put -- '' ) aac . ae y '' ys dy a ! qtr wilfrid ) . et I will repeat the question , my lord -- ( to Janet -- loudly now I ask you , in a normal tone of voice , audible to everyone in open court -- .did you apply to the National health urence for & hearing eid ? janet . ( also loud ) yes , I ata sir wilfrid ( shouting ) do you get it ? janet not yet . . : sir wilfrid however , you state that you walk past a door which be four ' dnehe of solid oak , you hear voice , and you be willing to swear that you could distinguish the voice of -- ( lowering he tone ) - = the prisoner , Leonard vole ? loe Jane " who ? 7 , sir wilfrid no further question ! he sit down , breathe heavily . janet . ( to the judge ) ~ maybe you can help I , you lordship -- six month ago I epply for the hearing ald -- juige : my dear miss mackenzie , consider . the rubbish that be be talk nowadays , you be miss very little .. you may stand down now . she stand down , amidst some general laughter . Moore , mayhew and Carter exchange satisfied look at they leader 's triumph . even vole show some relief in a faint smile . the usher cry '' silence ! '' yu S 42 . 92 . mers | call Police constable jeffries . this be echoed by usher and policeman , constable jeffries rise , proceed to the box and be swear . during this Sir wilfrid have shake all the pill out of whis white box and start form they into a large , star . move in on the pattern , then -- = dissolve : the courtroom again / myer stand in he ususl place . myer . fhe prosecution will now call Mr. Henry Stokes . this. be echoed by the usher and policeman , Mr. Stokes , Mrs. prench 's solicitor , be the last one 's on the Witness bench , he rise , carry he briefcase , cross to the Witness box and be swear , Sir wilfrid 1s doodling with the pill . there be only a few pill leave , and the pattern -- now a circle -- be very mch smaller . move in on the pattern , and then -- dissolve : the courtroom again the judge look up from note he be make . juige Mr. myer , do that conclude you case ? myer ( on he foot ) no , my lord , I now call the final witness for the prosecution , christine helm ! there be stunne silence for a instant . then , as the , . usher and policeman repeat the summon ~- " christine helm ! " -- a excited mirmir spring up . jo 93i " Sir wilfrid look up 's sharply . '' mayhew and brogan ~ Moore jook at each other .. jeonard vole , in the dock , turn slowly toward the witness 's entrance , a bewllder look in he eye . christine enter the courtroom , she be poise and inscrutable ag she waik deliberately toward the box . vole ( a incredulous whisper , es she pass ) Chris tine she do not look at he , nor dce she react to he voice . she take she place in the Witness box , take the Bible from the usher and read from the oath card in a clear , dispassionate voice . christine I swear by almighty God that the evidence that I shall give shall be the truth , the whole truth and nothing but 's the truth . as. she conclude the onth , Sir wilfrid be already on he foot . . > . sir wilfrid my lord , I have the most serious objection to this witness be summon by the prosecution as she 1s the wife of the prisoner , teonard vole . myer my lord , I call my learn friend 's '' attention to the fact that I summon rot meee otte but Mrs , helm . you name , in fact , be christine helm ? yes . christine helm , ' mter you have be live as the wife of the prisoner , Leonard vole ? - christine yes . . myer be you actually he wife ? 94 .. 42 . christine I go through a marriage ceremony with he in Hamburg . but I already ( ~~ have a husband -- he be still alive . -- Leonard leap to he foot . - vole __. ( wildly ) : christine ! --~ that 's not tre --= he be restrain by the warder . christine ( never look at he ) -- this be so , my marriage to Mr. vole be not -- . ( look at myer for help ) myer not valia ? christine not valid , sir wilfrid my lord , there be proof of a marriage ( 7 . between the witness and Leonard vole . . ' there be no root a of a alleged previou : myer my lord , the elleze previous marriage be in fact weii-documented , ( with a superior de , he take a document from a assistant ) Mrs. helm , be this a certificate of marriage between yourself and one - otto indwig helm ...? the usher take the document from myer , show it to christine ... myer eee . the ceremony have take place in bresleu on the 18th of April , 19427 christine yes . that be the paper of my marriage . '' '' oa ( '' 95 . judge I should like to see that certificate . ( usher hand it to he ; he look at 1t quickly ) I think this witness 1g qualified to give evidence , ( hand 1 + beck to usher ) fhe usher carry the document to Sir wilfrid . he take it and without look at 1t throw it angrily on the table . judge ( to myer ) have have the benefit of Sir Wilfriat opinion , you may proceed . . myer Mrs. helm , be you willing to give evidence against the man you have be call you husband ? christine I be willing . wers on the night that Mrs. french be murder , you state to the police that ieonard vole leave the house at seven-thirty and return at twenty - five minute past nine . do he , in fact , return at twenty - five past nine ? christine no . he return at ten mimte past ten . vole ( on he foot ) christine , what be you ssy ? tatt not true . you know it 's not tre ! the Court be in a uproar , juige ( tap for order ) i. mst have silence ! ' as you counsel will tell you , vole , you will very shortly have a opportunity of speak in you own defense ! 42 , ( ( — mwer — Leonard vole return , you say , at ten minute past ten . and what happen next ? christine he be breathe hard , very excited , he throw off he coat and examine the sleeve . then he tell I to wash the cuff . they have blood on they , mwer go on . . christine I say , " leonard , what have you do ? " mzer what do the prisoner say to that ? christine - ( ampass ively ) he say , " itve kill she ! " in the dock , vole leap to he foot despite the warder who struggle to restrein he , vole christine ! why be you say this thing ?! why be you lie !? e Court be again in a uproar , the usher cry iience " in the Gallery , the spectator be whisper excitedly to each other . miss plimsoll and she pilonde neighbor be jean forward , both very agitate , the blonde clutching miss plimsoll 's arm not bionde what ean awful woman ! miss plimsoll oh , she 's evil , that one . itve know it all along . fhe judge be rapping for order . fhe courtroom calm down . judge if the Defense so desire it will order a brief recess , so that the prisoner may gain control of himself . oo as ) hea , sir wilfrid ( rise ) my lord be most gracious , but prey let the witness continue . we be all of we catch up in the suspense of this horror fiction -= to have to hear it in installment might prove unendurable . judge proceed , Mr. myer . mwer Mrs. helm , when the prisoner say , '' T have kill she , '' aia you know to whom he refer ? christine yes . it be the woman he have be go to see so often . . mwer now , then , when question by the police , you tell they that the prisoner come home at nine - twenty - five ? christine yes . because Leonard ask I to say that ! . myer but you have change you story nov === why ? christine I can not go on lie to save he ! I say to the police what he want I to say because I be grateful to _ he . he marry I . and bring I to this country . what he have ask I to do I have always go because I be grateful . myer _ it be not because he be you husband , and you love he ? christine no . I never love he , in the dock , vole be lean on he hand , stare dully straight ahead . : ( ~™ ( 7 42 . 98. myer ( to christine ) it be gratitude to the prisoner then that prompt you to give he a alibi in you statement to the police ? . christine yes , that be it , exactly . mzer but now you feel that it be wrong to do so ? christine it 1s mrder , that woman -- she be a harmless old fool , and he make of I - a accomplice to the murder , I can not come into Court and swear that he be with I at the time when it be do . I can not do it . I can not do it . mwer then this be the truth ? -- that teonard vole return that night at ten minute past ten . ' that he have bico on the sleeve of he coat , and that he say to you , " I have killea she " ? christine that be the truth . mter that be the truth -- before God ? christine that be . the truth , mwer . ( solemnly , a low voice ) thank you . ( he sit ) - the hushed courtroom be 's focuss on Sir wilfrid . for a long beat he sit still , breathe hard . vole and Sir wilfrid 's colleague be anxiously wait for he to rise for the cross-examination finelly , with a sweeping gesture of the hand , he brushes awey . the pill before he , then lift himself slowly to he foot . a 2 . sir wilfrid Mrs. vole -- or Mrs. helm <= which do you prefer to be call ? christine it do not matter . sir wilfrid do it not ? in this country we be inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage . however - freu helm , it would appear that when you first mte the prisoner in Hamburg you lie to he about you marital status ? christine . I want to get out of Germany , 80 === . sir wilfrid you lie , do you not ? just " yes " or '' no , '' please christine yes . sir wilfrid thank you . and subsequently , in arrange the marriage , you lie to the authority ? christine i.did not tell the truth to the authority . sir wilfrid you lie to they ? christine yes . . sir wilfrid and in the ceremony of marriage itself , when you swore to love and to honor and to cherish you husband , that , too , be a lie ? christine yes . sir wilfrid and then -- when the police question you about this wretch man who believe himself marry and love , you tell they -< . 7 he . 100 . christine I tell they what Leonard want I to say -- sir wilfrid you tell they that he be at home with you at twenty - five . minute past nine -- and now you say that that be a lie ? christine yes . a lie . sir wilfrid and when you say that he have accidentally cut he wrist , you lie ? christine yes . sir wilfrid now today you have tell we 4 new story entirely . the question be , preau helm , be you lie then , be you lie now , or be you not , in foct , 2 chronic and habitual rie ? by now he be short of breath , he hand hold he chest . in the Gallery , miss plimsoll see he distress . she jeans forward to attract Carter 's attention . miss plimsoll ( hoarse whisper ) ' the other pill -- under the ( pantomime it ) Carter rise quickly , take out the black : pill - box and surreptitiously pass it to brogan= moore during this -- myer my lord , be my learn colleague to be allow to bully and insult the witness in this fashion ? . judge . Mr. myer , this be a capital charge , and within the bound of reeson I would like the Defense to have every latitude . cc he . lol . sir wilfrid ( violently , despite he spasm , my lord , mey I also remind my — learn friend that he witness , by she own admission , hes already violate so many oath that I be surprised the Testament do not leap from she hand when she be . swear here today . {to christine ) - I doubt if anything 1s to be gain by question you any further . ' that will be all , frau helm ! _ he sit , breathe heavily , he head back , he hand under the robe hold he chest . brogan - Moore push the open black box toward he . Sir wilfrid teke a pill , slip - 4t under he tongue , lean back again , ww ( rise ) Mrs. helm , I presume you know the meaning cf the English word ®perjury , * glance at a note ) '' | in german , the vord be . " meineid , christine yes - meineid -- it mean to swear falsely under . oath . myer . and be you aware , Mrs. helm , that in this country the penalty for perjury be a heavy term of imprisonment ? . christine - yes , I be aware . : ( solemnity ) mindful of this , Mrs. helm , I ask you once more ---- be the evidence you have give the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth ? christin se help I god. 102 . : myer then that , my lord , be the case for the prosecution . he indicate to christine to step down , and sit . '' the courtroom be buzzing with excitement . christine cross to the exit , look straight shead . in the deck vole sit mumb , he head bow . the eye of the varder follow she , but vole never raise he head . in the Gallery , miss plimsoll glance at she blonde neighbor and see she wiping eway a tear . miss plimsoll ( open she handbag ) want a tissue ? bionde ( choke up ) yes , thanks . ( take it ) it 's the first mrder trial I have ever be to . it 's terrible . -- be the usher cry " silence " and the courtroom become 8 judge Sir wilfrid , be you ready for the Defense ? '' difftevlty ) my lord , member of the jury , the prosecution have very ably present against the prisoner , Leonard vole , & case of the most overwhelming circumstantial evidence , among the witness you have hear Chief Inspector hearne , who have give he testimony in a fair and imertisl manner -~- as he always do in this case . he have evolve and put before you a clever theory of how this crime be commit . whether it 1s theory or actual fact , however , you will ] decide for vourseivess then - you have hea : ie evidence of Janet mackenzie , @ worthy and devote housekeeper , who have suffer two most grievous loss . one , the death of she beloved ' mistress -- and second , in be deprive of a inheritance of 80,000 pound which she have fully expect to receive I will not comment further on she evidence , ccont®a ) not . 103 . sir wilfrid ( cont 'd ) == but will express only my deep sympathy for she in both this mishap . and finally -- most damaging of all - the prosecution have : produce 8 surprise witness , one Chris tine helm -- whom the prisoner marry and bring from the rubble of she homeland to the safety of this country , give she he love and the protection of he name . I object to she testimony beceuse a wife cannot give evidence harmful to she husband , but it hes be prove that she marriage to Leonard vole be fraudulent end bigamous . therefore , she evidence mst be admit and you mist consider 4t for what it 1s vorth . such be the prosecutiont case . now it be the turn of the Defense . we could present , on behalf of the prisoner , a variety of witness to he character , he war record , the lack of criminal or evil association in he past . however , only one witness can shed new light on this tragic riddle -- the prisoner himself . member of the jury , T cal ieonara Stephen volel Te entire courtroom be intent on vole as he raise he head , get up slowly , leave the dock and proceed to the Witness hox , follow by the warder , who stop and - gtand near the barristert door . he usher hand he the Book and hold up the oath card . vole — I swear by almighty God that the evidence I - shall give will be the truth , the whole truth and nothing put the truth . brogan - Moore have place e long sheet of paper before Sir wilfrid , who push 1t away . ae . yy '' ) : ' 5 104 . sir wilfrid you name be Leonard Stephen vole ? vole it be . sir wilfrid where do you live ? vole 55 tottenham Court Road . - sir wilfrid leonard Stephen vole , do you or do you not , on the night of September 18th last , mrder enily Jane french ? vole ( firmly ) I do not . Sir wilfrid sit , with a gesture to myer that vole be all he . myer be take by surprise . brogen - Moore , msyhew and Carter look at one another , baffle . ' there be a excited marmr in the courtroom and the usher cry " silence . " . judge have you , in fact , conclude . you exemination of the prisoner , Sir wilfrid ? sir ( hair rise ) my lord , the prisoner have endure three day of the most profound mental sgony and shock . the Defense feel that he faculty should be spare for the cross - examination by my learn friend for the prosecution , this not a plea for any indulgence . - I a confident thet no matter how - search this may be , the prisoner will withstand it .. ( he sit : . : mwer ( wading in on vale ) Mr. vole , at the time that you make the acquaintance of Mrs .. prench , be you employ ? vole no , sir . he . 105 . myer . how mich money do you have ? vole only a few pound . : myer do she ever give you any money ? vole . no , not a penny . . * myer dl you expect to receive any ? vole no , sir . . myer do you know thet in she new will , you be the beneficiary to the extent of 80,000 pound . vole no . mver Nov , Mr. vole , when you go to visit mes. french for the last time , do you wear a trench coat and a brown hat ? . wie yes , I do myer have produce from a file a small poster , about 7 x 11 , ° feature 2 photograph of vole in trench coat and hat , with a inscription below in small black cepital : wi1l any person who see this man on the evening of September 14th last , between 9:00 and 9:30 p.m , communicate with Leslie mayhew , solicitor , of 15 cork Street , London , w.1 , telephone gerrard 0909 . myer ( nole up poster ) be it this coat and hat ? vor yes . p~ . myer * my lord , the Defense , leave no stone unturned in its effort to establish a alibi for the prisoner , circulate this photograph hope to bring . forth a witness who have _ see he leave Mrs. prench 's house or enter he own at the’ time he have state . apparently , . this splendid effort be without . result . however , the Defense will be pleased to learn that at the last moment a witness have come forward , and that the prisoner have be see , wear this coat and this hat . . : ( reaction from vole , and from Sir wilfrid and he associate ) lamentably , he have not be see on the night of the murder , but exactly one week before . taen sharply to vole on the afternoon of September 8th , be you or be you not in a travel agency in Regent Street anquire about price and schedule of foreign cruise ? ( in tantly ) suppose I do . that *s not a crime , be it ? , wers not at all . many people go for a@ cruise ~- when_they can bey. for it . but you c % pay for it , cou . you , Mr. vole ? voie iwas hard up . I %old you so . myer and yet you come into this particular travel agency - with ablonde -- a honey bionde , I understand -- judge a honey bionde , Mr. myer ? not . 107 . myer a term for a lady with hair like honey , my lord . juige sound a bit sticky , do not 1t ? laughter in Court . wot in Sir wilfria 's camp , however , where he and he associate be huddle with very worried - face . , in the Gallery , miss plimsoll be look down at the bar . her blonde neighbor be bite she lip . miss plimsoll ( lock at the judge ) quite a sense of humor ! would not strike he so funny if he be in the dock . below , the courtroom have settle down again , mzer { not let vole off the hook ) you then admit that you make inquiry about the most expensive and luxurious cruise . how do you expect to pay for such a thing ? - vole I do not know , it be -- mwer if you do not know -- perhaps I can help you . on the morning of the have ame day , accord to . stox , you hear Mrs. french change she will , leave you the bulk of she money -- vole . I do not ! I know nothing about the will , mzer -- and in the afternoon , you start make plan to dispose of the money ! jus ha . vole no ! it be nothing of the kind ! tas in a pub , and I meet this girl -- I do not even know she mame -- we have a couple of drink and then we walk out together -- we pass thet display window with fancy poster with blue seas and palm tree -- the grecian Islands , or some plece -- so we go in -- dust for the fun of it -- and we ask for some folder . the man give I sort of a funny lock -- because I look 8 bit shabby -- and it irritate I so I keep ask for the swanklest tour -- all de luxe and a cabin on the boat deck -- just put on a act -- myer a act ? no , not a act -- you know that in a week you be ' go to inherit 80,000 pound ! : vole no , 1t be nothing like that ! it be make- velieve and childish -- but it be fun and I enjoy 4t . I be n '* think of kill anybody , or inheri any money ! : myer it be just remarkable coincidence that Mrs. french should be kill only a week later ? vole I have tell you - I do not kill she ! mzer - can you suggest any reason why the witness , christine helm , should deliberately give the evidence she have give if it be not true ? vole ( start to break ) no , I dontt . I do not know why my wife - I dontt even know why I still cali she my wife -- she mist be lie , or out of she mind . ke . myer . she seem remarkably sane , and gelf - possess , but insanity be the only reason you can suggest ? vole I do not understend it ! -( térture ) oh , God , what 's happen - what 's change she ?! . myer very effective , I be sure . but in this Court , we deal with fact . and the foct be , Mr. vole , that we have only you word for it , that you leave Emily prench 's house at the time you say you dia , and that you arrive home at five and twenty minute past nine , and that you do not go out again . vole ( wildly ) someone mst have see I - in the street - ( to jury ) - or go into the house . myer one would certainly think so - put the only person who do see you come home that wight say dit be at ten minute past ten . an@ she ssy that you have blood on you clothes . vole ( throw arm . out ) I cut my wrist ~ myer you cut you wrist deliberately ! ( hand to head ) I can hear it myself ! mwwer you come home at ten past ten ! 4a , 43. 110 . vole no , I do not - you have get to belteve I ! ( to jury ) youfve get to believe may myer you kill Emily french ! vole I do not do it ! I diantt ° kilt herf I ¥ve never kill anybody . oh , God ! its a nightmere . it 's some ghastly , horrible dream ! he collapse , he head in he hand . dissolve to : int . sir wilfrid'3 chamber outer office ( evening ) the light be on . it be after office hour and the last of the secretary be put the cover on she typewriter . two lerge steamer trunk be tag , ready for shipment . a elderly man , neatly dress , be seat on the visitor ! pench , a cardboard box hold on he knee , he be Sir wilfrid 's tailor . after a few second Sir wilfrid enter , follow by mayhew , brogan - Moore , Carter and miss plimsoll . they be come beck from Court . secretary ( cheerfully ) good evening , Sir wilfrid . how aid it go today ? no answer . Sir wilfrid and the other walk on toward he office in a atmosphere of defeat . tailor ( get up ) Sir wilfrid -- I be from hawk & Hill -+ itve bring you bermida short -- for a fitting . sir wilfrid my what ? the tailor have take the lid from the box , hold up a vast pair of black and white plaid short . . 43 , ill . taiior youtd better slip thesé on , Sir wilfrid -- if wetre to have they ready by tomorrow , 's '' ir wilfrid my dear man , I be in the middle of a murder trial -- miss plimsoll ittll be all over by tomorrow after . noon . the boat train be not until nine - forty . sir wilfrid ( to miss plimsoll , point at the short ) you work it out -- ( start for he office ) : -- you know my shape -- you have stab it often enough . miss plimsoll upstair , Sir wilfrid ! you need a lukewarm bath --- you calcium in - jection -~ and there be still a lot of pack to be do ... > he pay no attention , go into he office with mayhew , Carter and brogan Moore , slam the door . ' int . sir wilfrid' office ( evening ) Carter turn on the light . Sir wilfrid cross wearily to the chair behind nis desk . . sir wilfrid ridiculous , have that boat be ~ servation -- how do we know ? -- the jury may be out for day . brogan-moore not on this case , I be afraid . this seem too open-and -shut . sir wilfrid ( sit ) I watch they when frau helm be on _= the stand . ' they do not like she . ( ~ of a , i112 . brogan-moore no , they do not like she < -- but they believe she . they like Leonard ~ vole , but they do not believe he mayhew and that travel egency business dee not help , either . cigar , wilfrid ? ( extend one ; Sir wilfrid wave it away ) '' brogan-moore wilfrid , do you think she lie ? sir wilfrid ( vietous ly ) dontt you ? brogan-moore I do not know . I be not sure sir_ wilfrid ( steaming ) iam . she lie -- whether she call ti weineid , or perjury , she lie ! the only question in my mind be ane ? -- whatt she game ? --~ what be she up to ? 's he fist on the desk ) wy ? carter Sir wilfrid -- I hope that in you final speech tomorrow , you will not let yourself become too emotionelly involved -- you mast think of you physical condition -- brogan-moore ~ he 's right I want to see you save ourself . this be not go to be you last case -~ sir wilfrid yes , it be . ( work up to & crescendo again ) but until it be over , I be still a barrister and my client 's life 1s at steke . that 's all that matter -- he life . he be entitle to the dest that i.can do . if I can not stand up to make my final appeal for he , I will make it sit down , if I become short of breath , I *ll take ( cont ! d ) 113 . a , sir wilfrid ( cont ' 4 ) @ pill -- or tyvo pill -- or all of they -- and the box as well ! during the above , the phone have be ringing . Carter pick it up . . carter ( into phone ) yes ? 's cockney woman' voice ( from the receiver , 2 slightly inebriated ) be this Sir wilfrid robart place ? carter yes , it be , cockney woman' voice lemme talk to the old boy . ' carter who be this speak , please ? cockney woman' voice never you mind -- lemme talk to im ( ~ - carter I be afraid that will be impossible -- what be the nature of you business ? cockney woman' voice itts business , all right . itve get something ' to sell " im , I have . really , madem -- cockney woman' voice a what I have get to sell tim , believe I , seti ] yant the buy ! it 's get to do with that leonerd vole chap ! Leonard voler Sir wilfrid , brogan - Moore and mayhew look up at this and listen intently . cockney woman' voice it 's about that german wife -- I have ( ~~ get the goods on tert ant it ! 's for sale , '' a 124 , 4 % , Sir wilfrid grab the. phone from Carter . sound of a receiver . sir wilfrid this 1s wilfrid robart speak . now what be this all about ? . - _ cockney woman' voice well , hello , ducky -- sir wilfrid , what be this you say about Mrs. Leonard vole ? cockney woman' voice I be not just sayin ? - I have get it black and white ! : . sir wilfrid you get what ? cockney woman' voice listen to this carefully , ducky -- — I be in the buffet at euston Station , at the far end of the bar , a ' * I ?ll be here for just thirty mimte - because that 's when my train leave -- if you want the low - down on that german trollop , yeu get yourself over here ! sir wilfrid what low -down ? what do you know about she ? cockney woman' voice uh-th -- not on the phone -~ you better get on over here -- an? bring. plenty o' money ! . sir wilfrid now , just a moment --- phone be hang up mudely . he slam down the sir wilfrid bilge ! — ( he start pace furlously , the head of the other follow he curiously ) some drunken crenk ! --- you get that in every mrder trial -- drunk and disorderly -- give I a ultimatum -- euston Station in thirty mimte -- get the low -down on Mrs. vole -- balderdash -- I be too old and too sick to go on a wild goose chase --- bilge and balderdash} ‘iy ab , u5e 115 . suddenly he grab he hat and he cane . sir wilfrid come on , mayhew ! carter where to , sir ? sir wilfrid euston Station --- where else ?! . he put on he hat and overcoat and lead the way to the outer office , a bewilder mayhew follow he . at _ the door he take the cigar from mayhew 's vest pocket . int . sir wilfrid' outer ceamber ( evening ) Sir wilfrid come storming out , follow by mayhew . Carter and brogan - Moore look after they . the tailor be still seat on the bench . he jump up , hold up the short ! tailor now ? ( go ight on ) go be on shortlyt just then miss plimsoll come sailing down on the inclinator , hold the hypodermic needle . miss plimsoll Sir wilfrid ! where be you go ? you bath , you massage , you dinner , you . injection --------3 yo 116 ..- she land - Sir wilfrid take the hypodermic from she hand , puncture the end of the cigar , hand it back to here sir wilfrid thank you ; miss plimsoll ) ' he be lighting the cigar as he and mayhew exit quickly . iiss plimsoll look after he , open-mouthed . miss plimsoll ( deeply pain ) what be I to do ? ----- brogan-mcore itd suggest you sterilize the needle . dissolve to : int . buffet in euston station ( night ) the dominant feature of the place be a mirrore bar of dark wood , crowded with traveler and juzesgee tables and chair fill the rest of the room . tail window give a view of the train , traveler and attendant outside the Buffet . intermittently there be the rumble of train in arrival or departure , and jet of steam from the engine '' Sir wilfrid come in briskly , follow by mayhew . he be a bit short of breath , still puffing nervously on he cigar . the two man scan the room for they rendezvous - they move down the bar until they see someone who fit the bill . a '' middle - age brunette woman , flamboyantly dress , with a . a . li7 . jigger of whiskey and a beer chaser at she elbow . she be read a afternoon paper with the headline : vole trial in third day . she be overly make up and she hair be marcell - ea to fall over one side of she face . her generel attitude indicate quite a few whiskey and beer chaser . she sense they presence when they stop and look up in the bar mirror . cockney woman you would not be Sir wiifrid robart , would you ? sir wilfrid I would , cockney woman ( turn stowly ) I do not recognize you without you wig , Lovely you all look in they wig . ( turn and see meyhew ) two o'yer -- I be not talkin ' to two of yer . sir wilfrid this be Mr. mayhew , Leonard vole 's solicitor , cockney woman well , that 's all right then , I guess . sir wilfrid and you name , please ? coceney woman no need for name . if I do give you & name it might not be the right one , might it ? mayhew ab you please , now , what 1s this informa - tion you allegediy have ? ~ coceney have a drink , boy , ( to the barman ) t#o whiskey for my gentlemen friend . — sir wilfrid you realize , of course , that you be in duty bound to come forward to give any evidence that you might have in you possession ? cockney woman oh , come off it ! do you bring any money ? mayhew what be it you have -- madame ? ' . cockney woman letter . letter that german wife of he write -- that 's whet it be . ( she pat she bag} sir wilfrid letter write by christine vole the the prisoner ? . cockney woman to the prisoner ? do not make I laugh ! pnor ruddy prisoner , he 's be take in by she all right . a ' this letter prove it ! mayhew if you will let we see this letter , mademe , we shall be able to advise you as to how pertinent they be . cockney woman well , ss I say , I do not expect you to buy without seein ' , but fair 's fair . if this letter get the boy off -- well , it 's a hundred peund for I . right ? she open she beg and show a packet of letter . Sir wilfrid immediately put he monocie in he eye . mayhew if this letter contain infermation useful to the defense -- ( take out he wallet ) -- iam prepare to offer you ten pound . cockney wcman wheat ? ten blurry pound for letter like this ? . ( to Sir wilfrid ) you can take thet piece o'glass outa you eye , ( snap beg shut ) g'night , gent . of C . ' * 119 . sir wilfrid if this should help to prove my client 's innocence , twenty pound would , I think not be én unreasonable sum -- for you expense . cockney woman fifty -- a ' it 's a bargein . that 's if yer satisfied with what 's in ‘em . sir wilfrid , forty pound , - be teke meyhew 's wallet , take out forty pound and extend they temptingly . cockney woman all right , blast yer . ' ere , take ‘em . quite a packet ! , she put the letter on the bar . they be on square , monogramm blue paper . mayhew and Sir wilfrid each take one and start read eagerly . the barman arrive with the two whiskey and Sir wilfrid and meyhew exchenge glance , Sir wilfrid indicete ea vacant nearby table end mayhew pick up the balence of the letter and follew he it . cockney woman beauties , at not they ? I hope they fix 'er good ent proper . she pick up she whiskey and beer and move toward they . sir wilfrid ( look up from a letter ) how do we know this be from Mrs. vole ? cockney woman oh , she worte tem , all right . it 's. all fair.an ' square . mayhew I have bad message from he , it look like she handwrite . ( continue to read ) good Lord , look at this ! sir wilfrid ( scan the letter ) incredible ! ( ~~ co cockney woman there 's one comin ' up that 's even better ! now , what about my meney ? Sir wilfrid hand it to she without look up . . mayrew how do you get hold of this ? cockney woman ( put money in she bag ) what difference do it meke , just so she get what 's come to ter ! sir wilfrid what have you get sgainst she ? cockney woman I will give you something ' to dream about , mister ! she push back the hair which have hide one side of she face and lean toward he . her leave cheek 1s slashed and disfigure . . cockney woman ( tauntingly ) go to kiss I , ducky ? Sir wilfrid and mayhew take a shocked step back . she laugh harshly . cockney woman no , I do not suppose you would , she jet she hair fall back in place , cover the scar o' ° sir wilfrid christine vole do that to you ? cockney woman not ‘er . the chap I be goin ! with . he be a bit young than I , but I love ‘im . then she come slong . start seein ! ' im on the sly and then one day he clear out . I go after ' im end I find tem together . I tell ' im what I think of ter and he cut my face up proper . : sir wilfrid . ( move ) do you go . to the pulice about it ? . 7 : * 121. 46 . cockney woman who ? I ? not likely . ' side , it a be not he fault . not really . it be hers . tt be all hers . gettin’ ' im away from I , turnin ' ' im against I . but I wait my time to pay ter back -- a it 's come now ! sir wilfrid I be deeply sorry , deeply sorry . er -- : we will make it another five pound for the netter . he take out e five - pound note which she snatch eagerly . cackney woman ' oldin ' out on I , be ye ! I know I be belng too soft with ye ! mayeew ( still read ) the cold - blooded vindictiveness ! ( to Sir wilfrid ) read this one ! Sir wilfrid and mayhew , stand close together , read the letter . ( sir wiflrid ' unbelievable ! we would better have the full name of the man to whom thejze be address . miss -- he look sround for the cockney woman , who have disappear . sir wilfrid where be she ? mayhew go , I would say . she just do not want she other cheek slashed . can not blame she , can you ? there be the rumble of a train leave the station . meyhew gather the letter together . Sir wilfrid go to the bar where the two whiskey be still stand . he downs one , at a gulp . barman cheser , sir ? be : sir wilfrid of good idea . he downs the second glass , dissclve to : at. - . 's dece int . courtroom . ( day ) start on vole as he be be escort by two warder up the stair from the celis below the Old belley into the dock , fhe camera pen up to reveal the courtroem . it be the cpen - ing of the fourth doy of the trial and the crowded courtrocm be await the entrance of the judge . presently there be the three knock hereld the judge 's entry : usher . stand up ! all rise . judge , clerk , alderman , etc , enter and move to they place on the bench . usher all person who have anything further to do befcre miledy the Queen 's justice of oyer and terminer and general goal delivery for the jurisdiction of the Central criminal Court draw near and give you attendance . God save the Queen , during this , vole stand in the deck , see that Sir wilfrid 's place at the ber be vacant . he look around nervously for bis counsel . meyhew , too , be miss . the judge bow to the Court and sit , everyone follow . judge _ since the Defense have call tut one witness -- the prisoner -- it have the right to be hear lest in summation . therefore , Mr. myer , if you be ready , let we heve the final address for the prosecution . myer rise , adjust he robe and wig with the air of a man contemplate imminent , certain triumph , myer my Lord --- member of the jury -~ I shall be brief in my final speech be - cause I think the prosecution hes prove so obvious a case of murder against the prisoner , Leonard vcle , that a verdict of guilty seem to be the only possible conclusion , I will briefly summerize this fact --- there be the sound of commotion near the berrister ! entrance and heed turn , Sir wilfrid bustles into the courtroom , still pull he robe about he and adjust bis wig . mayhew be close behind . . ~vee 47 . vole , in the dock , have be listen hleakly to myer ! open , but now look up eagerly as Sir wilfrid and msyhew make they way to the yar . judge you would vetter begin again , Mr. myer - =- that be , 1f Sir wilfrid 1s at ail interested in we proceedings . sir wilfrid . ( make he way to he ! seat ) I be indeed , my lord ! the summetion for the Crown , however , be premature --- I ask thet the case for the defense be reopen and that a witness be recall ! there 1s a reaction in the courtroom . vole look at Sir wlifrid with ea new glint of hope . drogen - Moore be puzzle by this approach . my lord , I must strenuously object to the reopening cf e case which the prosecution regards as cloze . sir wilfrid evidence of the most startling nature have come into my possession only last night --- - myer my lord , the course my learn friend preposis be quite unprecedented . sir wilfrid I have anticipate my friend 's orjection and I be prepare to meet it with ample precedent . there be , first , the case of the Crown against stillman -- which wes report at by rote ) page 463 of the 1926 appeal case --- also , the Crown against porter , August 11 , 1930 , report at the Winchester assize , at page 231 , and before the divisional Court the follow October , report at page 153 of 1942 king bench division , purther , the case of the King against Sullivan , in which this issue wes raise , end I be sure you lordship will remember since he appear for the prosecution . a7 . '' ( ~ - ' . 4 , judge I aid ? ( catch himse1 for ) oh , yes . before Mr. justice swindon , now , what be this new evidence , Sir wilfrid ? + . sir wilfrid letter , my lord . written by christine Hein , 's there be a sharp reaction from vole . Sir wilfrid have give the letter to a usher , who take they to the judge . as the judge inspect the letter -- myer my lore , the prosecution contimue its objection . if my memory serve I well , you lordship 's similar objection -- in the King against Sullivan -- be sustained . judge you memery for once serve you 413 , Mr. myer . my objection be over - rule by Mr. justice swindon -- as yours be now , by I ! he hand the packet of blue letter to the usher , who earry they back to Sir wilfrid . sir wilfrid ( he voice ringing ) call christine helm ! the call be repeat by the usher and policeman at the door . christine enter , she customary impassive self , proceeding to the Witness box . vole stare at she blankly , then he try the catch Sir wilfrid 's eye , as if hope for a clue to the proceedings . Sir wilfrid give he a encourage noc . ~ - sir wilfrid ( turn to brogan - Moore ) if you still have any doubt about Leonard voie , I would not mind betting you a very small box of cigar . christine be now in the Witness box. zy ) yo yo . . ' i256 . Mrs. helm , you appreciate that you _ ere still under cath ? christine yes . sir wilfrid Mrs , helm , do you know a man name Max ? ' christine I do not know what you mean , sir wilfrid it 's a simple question . do you or do you not know a man call Max ? certainly not . sir wilfrid it 's a fairly common name . and yet you mean that you have never know & man by the name of Max ? christine oh , in Germany , perhaps -- that be a long time ago . sir wilfrid I shall not ask you to go back that far -- just a few week -- {he have take a fold oblong white letter from a pocket ) -~ to the 20th of September last . christine what have you get there ? . sir wilfrid a letter . I suggest that on the 20th of September you write a certein letter -- ( brandish the fuld letter ) christine I do not know what you be talk ebout . sir wilfrid -~ address to a man name max. 57 . christine I do nothing of the sort . sir wilfrid a letter which be but one of a series write to the same man -- ~ christine lies ---- all lie ! sir wilfrid you would seem to have be on -- let we say , on intimate term with this man . in the dock , vole rise , outrage . vole how Gare you say ea thing like that -- resisting the warder ) it be not true ? * judge the prisoner , in he own interest , will remain silent ! : mayhew gesture to vole to sit down , and he do by the warder . sir wilfrid I be not concerned with the general trend of this correspondence -~- . ( unfold the letter ) ~- only in one particular letter . ( glance down , as if read my beloved mex , a extraordinary thing have happen . I believe all we difficulty may be end ... christine I will not stand here and listen to a pack of lie -- this letter be a forgery -- it be not even my letter paper -- sir ( innocently ) it isnt t? christine no . I write my letter on small blue paper --= with my initial on it . 126 . s0 , urge not . ~ . , 127. sir wilfrid like this ? he hold up the packet of blue letter which have be out ef she sight . she stare . sir wilfrid ( hold up the white letter ) . this happen to be a bill from ry or - for a pair of extremely . become bermida short . excite reaction in the courtroom , in the Gallery , miss plimsoll lean toward she blonde neighbor . miss plimsoll ( with pride ) wilfrid the Fox ! that 's what we call he , and that 's what he be ! below , order be restore . sir wilfrid now , Mrs. helm , you have be kind enough to identify you letter peper --~ now , if you like , can have a expert identify you handwrite . " _ christine damn you -- damn youd vole ( on he foot again ) leave she alone ! christine ( to Sir wilfrid ) dam you ! juige Mrs. helm ! christine let I ovt of here -~ let I go ! she rush from the box , but the usher stop she . the — Court be in a turmoil . . judge usher , give the witness a chair . = the usher help christine to a stool near the table . she erty , she head burl in she arm . 47 , juige Sir wilfrid , will you now read the letter in question so that the jury can hear it . sir wilfrid ( read ) my belovec Max . a extreordinary thing have happen . all we difficul tie may goon be solve . teonard be suspect of mrder the old lady I tell you . about . hig only hope of a alibi depend on I -- on I alone . suppose I testify that he ves not at home with I et the time of the murder -- that he come home with blood on he sleeve and that he even admit to I that he have kill she . strange , isntt it -- he alvay say he would never let I leave he --- but now , if this succeed , he will be leave I -- because they will teke hin ‘away , forever --- and T shall be free , and yours , my beloved --- I count the hour until we be together --~ christine . pare this , shot of the jury , of miss plimsoll and the blonde neighbor , of myer , snd 8 bewilder vole stare at he sobbing wife . Sir wilfrid be short of breath when he finish , and he hand be under he robe to ease the pain in he chest . judge Mrs. helm , will you go back to the witness box ? the usher help she to the box . she 1s pale , she cheek streak with tear . sir wilfrid - I now ask you again , christine helm , do you write this letter ? vole ( wildly ) christine , tell he you aidan ? t write it ! I know you do not ! sir wilfrid ( speak with difficulty ) please answer my question --~ : do you write this letter ? 47 . judge before answer , Mrs. helm , I wish to warn you : the law regard perjury in this country be very severe . if you have already commit perjury dn this courtroom , I strongly advise you not to adé to you crime . but if this letter hes not be write by you , then now be the time to categorically state this fact ! y > ( mristine look from the judge to vole -- then to sir 's wilfrid . christine ( quietly ) I write the letter . ( a hush in the courtroom ) sir wilfrid ( hold on ) then that , my lord , be the case for the Defense . dissolve to : x eo 48 . int . robing room old bailey ( Day ) Sir wilfrid be lie back in a deep chair , robe open and coller unbuttone , completely exheust . his arm be bare and Dr. Harrison , with miss plimsoll 's assistance , 1s give he a injection , to which Sir wilfrid do not : react at all . his mind 1s elsewhere ; he seem troubled . dr . harrison see I keep esk myself , Sir wilfric , which be harder -~ you heaé or you artery ? no response from the patient , you would better stop press you luck -= you be overdue now , again , no response ) ' miss plimsoll we be a 11 pack , Doctor . the luggage be in the car , I hope the jury will not teke all afternoon . — brogan - Moore enter with a small pox of cigarse yo = I a ) ww brogan-moore ( hand Sir wilfrid the cigar I concede ! congratulation ! sir wilfrid not yet . brogan-moore oh , come now , it 's all over . wrapped up , neat and ticy . Sir wiifrié grunt and rise with some aureiculty , adjust he sleeve anc he collar and robe . brogan-mdore . what 's wrong ? sir wilfrid itts a little too neat , too tidy , and altogether t90 symme trical . that 's what 's wrong witn it mayhew ( from the open door ) the jury be just come back . brogan -boore ( to Sir wilfrid -- bewilder ) you be not worried about the verdict , be you ? ir wilfrid it 's not they ficgnont thet worry mé -- itt mine . Tet '*s go . they follow he wt . dissolve to : ten more page to come . see over . p~ yo 130a . the final 10 page of this script will not be issued generally because of the nature of the surprise finish . the action continue in the court -room . set with the same character until the end« ko synopsis of this story which reveal tfs. conclusion be permitted for any purpose what oever + ( ~~ co please add these page to you copy of the script of witness for the prosecution , date JUNE 10 , 1957 + no synopsis or publication of this part of the script be permissible . ko» 132 . int . courtroom = ( day ) the jury be filing back into its seatse there be a hush of expectation . Leonard vole , nerve strain to the break point , be in the docke his eye anxiously scan the juror , as if to try to guess they verdict . then he gaze wander toward Sir wilfrid and brogan - Moore , just seating they - selve . Sir ' yilfrid , lean forward , do not meet he eyese he look past the dock toward -~ the glass - panell door lead into the courtroom . Tho courtroom Officer stand on guard . the door , open inward , be push just slightly open and through the aperature we see christine tensely await the verdict . in the Gallery , the spectator be silent , motionless , in taut anticipation of the result . among they be miss plimsoll and beside she , the dark girl . in the Court , the clerk rise . clerk the prisoner will stand up . vole and the warder rise . | clerk member of the jury , be you all agree upon you verdict ? poreman ( rise ) we are clerk do you find the prisoner at the bar , Leonard Stephen vol , guilty or not guilty ? ~ vole be try to stand steady . the palm of he hand be moist and he automatically rub they against he coat . foreman not guilty , my lord . excitement break loose . there be a burst of applause and some cheer . vole sit down abruptly , exhaust . his eye close tightly for a moment . 129 . 4g . in the Gallery , where all the spectator , include miss plimsoll , be cheer and applaud , she brunette neighbor be weep . myer turn toward Sir wilfrid and make a gallant gesture of salute in defeat . Sir wilfrid , lean forward , doss not see myer , but brogan - hoore nudge he . he turn toward myer , with a casual gesture of acknowledgment , then turn back toward the glass - panell door . in the slightly open doorway , christine vole 1s stand , she face completely immobile . she withdraw she hand and the door slowly close , block she from view ~- during this , the usher be try to re-establish order . silence ! silence} the courtroom calm down . judge Leonard Stephen vole , you have be find not guilty of the murder of bally Jane french on September 1th . you be hereby discharge and be free to leave the Court . he rise , the courtroom rise with he . he bow to the Court and the Court bow back . then the judge exit , - follow by the alderman and judge 's clerk . there be again a upsurge of excitement . spectator be try to reach vole , but be push toward the exit by the police and warder - vole shake hand with he warder . the jury be filing out , as do myer and he associate . the Gallery , too , be . empty . usher ( during this ) all person who have anything ~ further to do before the Queen 's justice of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for the jurisdiction of the Central criminal Court may depart hence 's and give you attendance here again tomorrow morning at 10:30 o'clock . God save the Queen . vole , jubilant , have com down from the dock and be shaking hand with Carter , mayhew , brogan - Moore , and finaliy come to Sir wilfrid who be silently lean forward in he chair . ( 7 ( 7 hoe . . '' 123. vole thank you , Sir yilfrid . thank you for everything . you be wonderful , sir wilfrid lett say we be lucky ail around .. a warder carry a large envelope have come up . warder I have you belonging -- if you will ' be kind enough to come with I , hre vole , and sign the papers , we can release you , vole mister vole : they do not call I mister when they check I in mayeew ttil go along with you . I have bring you coat and you hat . . vole let 's go quickiy , before they change they mind . they go into the prisoner 's dock and down the step lead below . a policeman and usher be gather up the exhibit . brogan-moore nlook after vole , smile ) chipper , be not he ? a hour ago he have one foot on the gallow and the other on a banana peel . ( to wilfrid ) you ought to be very proud , wilfrid . - ( wilfrid 's brow 1s line with think ) - be you ? sir wilfrid not yet . we have dispose of the gallow , but . there be still that banana peel -- somewhere -- under somebody 's foot . there be the sound of angry commotion outside the Court - room 's hain fntrance . the policeman and usher , who have be collect the exhibit , drop they work and go quickly to investigate . Sir wilfrid , brogan - Moore and Carter look off . cc cc 13h . 4g . through the glass - panell door we can see a bit of a riot -- the crowd in a ugly mood , shouting insult and wave fist . the policeman and usher try to break it up , and we see that the object of the crowd be christine . the policeman and usher help she into the courtroom . she be dishevel , a little rough up , she hat in one hand , and she be rub she shin . : policeman ' better wait here until we get rid of that crowd , madam . christine thank you . policeman and usher go out again to break up the disturbance . . Sir wilfrid , brogan - Moore and Carter look at . she . then Carter resume gather up the defense papers , also bring up Sir wilfrid 's thermos from under he seat . carter ready , sir ? miss plimsoll . will be wait . sir wilfrid : let I finish the last of the cocoa - =- ( uncapoing the thermos ) while I they still beyond she jurisdiction . he motion to Carter and to brogan - Moore to get out . now he be alone in the courtroom with christine . be sip the brandy , study she over the rim of the cupe she brushes she suit , straighten she stocking , look around as if for something she have lose . christine ~ I never think you british could get so emotional -- especially in a public place . sir wilfrid I apologize for my compatriot . christine it 's all right . I do not mind be call name or push around , or even kick in : the shin -- but now I have a ladder in my last pair of nylon . a kg . ago sir wilfrid in case you be not familiar with we prison regulation -- no silk stocking . christine prison ? will I go to prison ? sir wilfrid you hear the learn judge '' you will quite certainly be charge ' with perjury , try for it , and 's ‘to prison you shall go . crhistine well -' it will not be for life , will , 1t ? : sir wilfrid if I be retain for the prosecution , it would be . crhistine you loath I , do not you ? like the people outside ' what a wick woman J be , and how brilliantly - ou expose I , and save Leonard 's ie . the great Sir wilfrid robart do it again ( firmly ) well , let I tell you something -- you do not do it alone ! you have helpt sir wilfrid what be you drive at ? christine I be - not drive at anything any more -- Leonard be free , and we do its sir wilfrid we ? christine that 's right . remember when I come to see you , and you say that no jury would believe a alibi give by a loving wife , no matter how much she swore that she husband be imnocent ? that give I the idea . -- loe sir wilfrid what idea ? christine the idea that I should be a witness , not for my husband , but for the prosecutic = that T should swear eonard be guilty -= - and that you should expose I as 4 vicious liar -~ because only then , 's would they believe that Leonard be innocent ! he stare at she , fimbling for he monocle - she eross slowly toward hin . christine so now you know the whole story , Sir wilfrid . ( lapsing into cockney ) itll give you something ' to dream about , mister she lean over , and like the cockney woman in the euston Station , pulis the hair from one side of she face : christine wanne kiss I , ducky ? sir wilfrid ( shocked ) I suspect something -- but not that -- never thats christine re-adjust she hair , speak gently now to Sir wilfrid , who be plainly stunne . christine thank you for the compliment . it 's be a long time since I be a ~ actress , and I never before play ' such a important role -- sir wilfrid and all that blue letter ? -- christine it take I hour to write they -- to invent Max -- there never be a mex , there never have be anyone but Leonard < < only Leonard . ho . sir wilfrid ( with some difficulty ) my dear -- could you not have trust I ? == work with I truthfully and honorably ? -- we would have wane christine I could not run that risk . you see , you think he be innocent -- sir wilfrid : and you know he be innocent . I understand . " christine no , Sir wilfrid , you do not understand at all -- what ? ( stunne disbelief ) not that can not be true . no ! christine ( a low , urgent voice ) listen to I -= once and for all ~-- Leonard come home a few minute past ten -- he have biood on the sleeve of he jacket -- he do tell I he have kill the woman . only I could save he -- he plead with I -- sir wilfrid and you save he «- a murderer ! christine again , you do not . understand - ~ T love he . she look off . the camera pan to the barrister 's door , where vole be stand in he trench coat , hat in hand . he be smi : complacentiy . he have be stand there for a little while , and have ~ overhear . 133 . vole ( to wilrrid ) I tell you she be a actress -- and a good onee <-- ( move easily toward they ) . I know she would do something for _ I = I just do not know what , or christine Leonard ..- darling $ she start to embrace he . he do not respond to she , instead look over she shoulder at Sir wilfrid . '' vole fool you canpletely , do not she ? sir wilfrid it 's you , vole , who really fool I == ( violently ) e - after thirty - five year -- to be so stupid and so blind -- - ( tear the wi from he head , eo- wilfrid the foxt vole easy -- we both get out of it alive -- let 's stay this way -- ( naee wilfrid gasp with fury ) wee here , take a pill . . wilfrid there be still court in England -- they be not through with you yet . vole - oh , yes they be -- you have do .too good a job '' you get I off , and I can not be try again -- that 's the lew , and you por it . christine you can not touch he now -- nobody can . — wilfrid ( passionately ) you will pay for this somehow -- they will hang you -- ) ? 1396 vole no , they will not . as for pay for it -- let 's double you fee -- there will be plenty of money when the will coe through -- I be not cheap -~ I want everybody to get something out of it . there 's Janet mackenzie -- let 's get she that new hearing aid -- 4a coke at ' wilfrid 's thermos ) and a new one of that for you -- 18 karat gold , if they make one - ( and to christine ) and when they try you for perjury , there will be 5,000 pound to get you off easy - christine I do not care , Leonard -- just so wetll be together again - <- you do not know what I go through stand in the witness box , have to face you in the dock and say I never love you -- ( she kiss he , but he do not respond ) Leonard , what be it ? she look at he anxiously , then try to kiss he again . he draw away , look past she . she turn dn the same direction . miss plimsoll enter with the brunette girl . miss plinsoll Sir wilfrid -- the luggage be in the car == wetve only 20 minute to make the boat train -- ( then aware of the girl ) oh -- this be a nice young la I meet in the gallery during the trial -- ( she stop astound as the girl run to vole ) girl lent oh , leni they have be try to keep I away from you -= it 's have I nearly crazy -- they kiss , and in merk contrast to christine 's embrace , vole return it with some enthusiasm . ~ a christine ( shocked ) Leonard -- who be this girl ? girl I be not this girl -- I be he girl -- tell she , Len - vole do not reply , grin uneasily at christine with .@ self - conscious shrug - it gradually dawns on christine . . : christine Leonard , be this the girl who be with you in the travel bureau -~ the girl you say you hardly imew -- do not even imow she name ? -<- girl that 's right -- that 's who I be . and I know all about you . you be not he wife ; never have be . you be year older than he be . we have be go together for month and we be go away on one of that cruise -- just like they say in court <= tell she yourself , lene christine ( calmly , control with difficulty ) yes , Len , tell I yourself . vole ( very simply ) sorry , christine . that 's how it be '' christine not vole ( to the girl ) come on diana , let 's go - miss plimsoll and Sir wilfrid be watch the scene . Sir wilfrid be spin he monocle on the. ribbon , _ the-light flash from it . vole and the girl have take a few step and be near the exhibit table when christine step forward quickly , hold vole by the arm - a yy 7 : . ° lhe christine ( near hysteria ) Leonard ; you can not ! -= not after what I have do . I will not let you -- vole ( push she away ) you be be silly now . I save you life get you out of Germany -- you save mine get I out of this messe so we be ' even '' it 's all over christine do not , Leonard -- do not leave I vole now pull yourself together . they will have you up here for perjury -~ do not make it worse or they will try you 2s a accessory , and you know what that mean '' christine ( hold on to he ) let they . let they try I for perjury , or a accessory -- {he shake himself loose from she . her eye fall on the flicker + from wilfrid 's monocle , flash on the blade of the knife on the exhibit table ) == or better yet , let they try I for murder } she grab the imife , lurch after he , and with one wild swoop plunge the knife into he . he look at she as if almost in surprise , then crumple instantly - diana shriek piercingly - - christine stand quietly erect , the imife no longer in she hand . miss plimsoll rush forward , professional nurse thet she be , and kneel beside vole , she hand on 8 wrist . Sir wilfrid , still twirling he monocle , turn he eye to the main door , through which come run three court efficer , draw by the girl 's scream - they swoop down on christine , surround vole 's body . hg . '' ( uy ?» Sir wilfrid sit quietly , watch . from off we hear a officer cry " get a doctor} " and the sobbing of diana . then miss plimsoll come to wilfride he look up at here miss plimsoll she kill he - sir wilfrid ( shaking he head ) ' she execute he . Sir wilfrid look off toward christine . a policeman be by the body and give unheard instruction . two policeman start to lead christine out . Carter , distraught and puzzle , come in , make he way to Sir wilfrid.e . carter {not realize ) I -= I have send the luggage on ahead , and itve get a car wait outside . when Carter gasp as he see - but wilfrid 's eye be still on the big main door through which the police be just take out christine . she stop in the open door , look back at wilfrid» miss plimsoll look at wilfrid , then at the door , then back to he . ove @ remarkable woman ! carter you can just barely make the boat train , Sir wilfrid . miss plimsoll ( softly ) better bring the luggage back , = and you can dismiss the car -=- ( to Sir wilfrid ) =- we be not go yet , be we ? there be a long exchange of look . between the two , then miss plimsoll reach down for he wig , hand it to he . sir wilfrid , ( a declaration of love ) thank you , miss plimsoll . he get . up with some difficulty and straighten up . sir wilfrid ( to Carter ) get brogan= hooze to my chamber '' and have mayhew there , too . we be appear for the defense in the trial of christine vole - he move away from he seat and walk past the bench to the barrister ' exit , a erect and dignify figure . miss plimsoll look after he with great pride she ' suddenly see the thermos pottle . miss plimsoll ( call after he ) Sir wilfrid ! -- you forget you brandy ! he stop , smile . she grab the thermos and take it to he quickly '' he put bis arm across she shoulder as they walk out of the courtroom the end