" witness " by Earl W. wallace William Kelley pamela wallace ext . lancaster county , PA . countryside '' day title sequence the face of several young child be present in closeup , as they walk toward US across a ploughed field . on the SOUND track , the haunt sound of a gregorian funeral chant . the camera pan up to the face of older brother and sister , then to parent and grandparent . this be not familiar face , but face from another age , strong and open . all be dress in the distinctive clothing of the amish . ext . country lane '' day through the last trace of early morning mist another group of black - clad figure make they way down a lane . ext . country lane '' day a amish buggy , black and highwheele , stark against the landscape , appear , a spirite chestnut in the trace . frame in the glass window of the narrow buggy be the stern figure of a amish man in black topcoat and flatbrimmed hat , he bonnete wife in mute color , the face of a boy , attire like he father , peer out . the horse 's breath smoke on the frosty air , the buggy creak on its spring , and there 's the rhythmic clip - clop of hoove on the pavement . another lane two amish buggy reach a crossroad , join a procession of three other . they disappear as the lane wend through a leafless thicket of hickory . valley a big shot ... now the procession number almost a dozen buggy ... it be head toward a distant farmhouse . barnyard where literally dozen of carriage be park . the horse have be take from the trace , remove to the shelter of the barn . ext . lapp farmhouse '' front porch as the black clad mourner begin to move into the house ( woman and child presumably first ) . int . lapp farmhouse the coffin have the upper half open . we see that the corpse have be dress in white linen , a piece of white linen partially cover the bearded face . end title sequence int . lapp farmhouse partition have be remove , make the central room of the farmhouse a spacious hall . the place be pack , a hundred - fifty or more amish , all sit in absolute silence on row of wooden bench . a wooden coffin rest on a bench in the f.g. , and near it the close relative of the decease occupy a special place . rachel lapp a young woman of perhaps twenty - seven . her face be pale and draw . in happier circumstance , although there have not be too many of late in Rachel 's life , we would see a robust , sensual woman of full figure , spirit and intelligence . eight -year - old SAMUEL lapp flit next to he mother ; he would appear stunne , possibly not entirely comprehend event . and the patriarch , eli lapp ; he stubborn , weathered '' yet not unkind '' feature grief-strick . the mourner they face ... clock as it begin to chime nine a.m . favoring preacher as he remove he hat . as one , the man in the congregation remove they hat also . then the preacher begin to speak in a formal german dialect : subtitles over . preacher ...a brother have be call home . God have speak through the death of we neighbor , Jacob lapp ... the family where Rachel , Samuel and eli be sitting - sound of emotion and grief not quite suppress be hear throughout as : preacher ... husband of Rachel , father to Samuel , son of eli. ( and ) his chair be empty , he bed be empty , he voice will be hear no more . he be need in we presence , but God need such man , too . that one should be take so suddenly . treat sorrow . still , we would not wish he back . Rather we should prepare ourselves to follow he . tightening to the lapp , and ... ext . cemetery the mourner have gather about the grave , stand in silence as four pallbearer be lowering the coffin into the pit . the many buggy be align in the b.g. as the pallbearer begin to shovel soil and gravel into the grave , the preacher begin to read a hymn in german ... a slow atonal litany which seem to hang forever on the frosty air . rachel tightening to she as the hymn continue ... CUT to : int . lapp farmhouse where the amish have gather for the traditional post funeral , midday meal . Long table be laden with customary amishfare ... crock of soup , ham , fowl , fry boil egg and pickle beet , preserve and a infinite variety of pie and pastry . rachel where she sit among woman , accept they condolence . daniel hochstetler a brawny - armed , ruggedly - handsome , raffish look amishman . there be something atypical about he face a slightly sardonic set of mouth , a bold eye , a prominent set of jaw . not exactly what old Jacob ammann have in mind , maybe , but a well set - up man nonetheless , and at ease among man . he 's among a group of man include old stoltzfus , the local healer , fisher , bieiler and bieiler 's stout young son , Tom . stoltzfus lapp be a good farmer . none better . beiler but not the man to buy a horse for you . ( and ) hochstetler , be not it you father sell he that horse with a rupture testicle ? tom ( grin ) told he it be a bee sting make he limp that way . hochstetler ( amused ) that horse have one good ball . that 's all it take . the other chuckle . but hochstetler 's attention be still on Rachel . rachel as hochstetler loom on the horizon , plant himself like a tree in front of she . at ease as he be with the man , he 's a bit awkward at this . all the woman , very much aware of hochstetler 's availability , tune in as Rachel look up . hochstetler I be sorry to hear about Jacob . let we hope he walk close with God . rachel I be sure he do , Daniel . field , lapp farm '' day it be some time after the funeral and the lapp family be hard at work break ground for the spring ploughing . the death of Jacob have increase the work load on all three '' Samuel maneuver a four-mule team while Rachel and old eli work nearby , further break up the earth . Rachel look up from the back - break labor as several figure approach '' it 's Daniel hochstetler and two of he brother . without a word they fall in beside eli and Rachel and take up various task associate with the work in hand . Daniel work close beside Rachel . ext . country road , lancaster county '' day a few brief shot of a lone buggy contain the lapp family take we from the 18th century into the 20th century the reassure rattle of the carriage wheel on quiet backroad , to the roar of traffic as the buggy wait patiently for a chance to cross a busy interstate highway . ext . highway , lancaster county '' day a huge tractor trailer rig hover over the frail buggy as it trot down the interstate . the camera crane up to reveal a procession of vehicle behind the truck for a chance to overtake it . ext . platform , lancaster station '' day Daniel hochstetler move through the crowd on the plat-form , Rachel turn surprised , as he approach , a faint color come to she cheek . rachel Daniel ? hochstetler I ... I be at the feed store . and I see you horse , so ... there be a embarrassment between they break by the arrival of the train . hochstetler you will come back soon ? Samuel can barely contain he excitement as he drag at he mother 's hand . SAMUEL quickly , mother quickly ! Rachel embrace eli. eli you be careful out among they English . she turn to hochstetler . rachel I need time , Daniel . ext . carpark , lancaster station '' day Daniel hochstetler leap into the drive seat of he open wagon and with a flick of the rein and a whoop set he horse off at a fast trot . ext . train '' day the engine give a warning blast before creep slowly forward . int . train ( moving ) as Samuel spot something out of the window that cause he to light up . SAMUEL look , mama ...! he Pov through window a road run parallel to the train track , and hochstetler in he wagon urge he horse almost to the gallop as he attempt to keep pace with the train . back to scene as Rachel smile . rachel I see , darling . and Samuel crane to look back , wave , for as long as he can . ext . lancaster countryside '' day the train move across a broad panorama of field , dot with doll ' - house -size farm and the tiny figure of amish farmer work they horse - draw equipment . series of cut as the train continue its eastward journey ... Samuel stare raptly out of the window at the change pattern of the countryside . he point in wonder at a brightly color hot air balloon as it drift slowly over timbere hill ... he look unsure as the pattern of field and wood give way to suburb , bustling shopping center , restaurant , car lot and fast food outlet . ext . philadelphia slum as the train travel past dilapidate row house , street choke with car and the gutter with filth . int . train ( moving ) now Samuel be stare out the window with some confusion , almost apprehension : SAMUEL be this where we be go ? rachel of course not . we be go to Baltimore . it 's much nicer in Baltimore . and Rachel draw she son closer , turn she back on the window . int . 30 th ST . station , philadelphia '' day Rachel be in a line at one of the counter . the plain dress of the two amish '' particularly Samuel 's black coat and hat '' be draw curious stare . SAMUEL he 's uncomfortably aware of the shy look and giggle of a little girl about he own age , stand in line with she parent at the next counter . he edge away from he mother ... angle as Samuel come upon a figure garbe in a long black frock coat and flat-brimmed hat ... the man 's back be turn , could , from appearance , be a amishman . Samuel stare ... a beat , the man turn to face Samuel and we discover that he be a hasidic Jew . SAMUEL as he react . back to ticket counter as Rachel 's turn arrive . the ticket seller glance up and she show he she ticket . rachel we have a ticket to Baltimore . where be that train , please ? ticket seller delay three hour . you will hear a announcement when it 's time to board . he start to go without he hat , but Rachel collar he and put it on he head . angle in men' room as Samuel enter . it 's a long row of sink , urinal , and stall ... Samuel stop before one of the urinal '' a long , trough - like affair with water drizzle down the rear porcelain panel . it 's set a little high for Samuel , and it be make glugging flushing noise that be , at least , intimidating . Samuel stare for a moment , then turn , look toward the stall , stoops to see which be empty . he Pov '' toilet beneath the row of door we can see no foot visible . Samuel be alone in the restroom . back to scene as Samuel proceed along the row of door , finally select a stall near the end . he enter . as he do so , a heavily bearded youth in a dirty sweatshirt enter . with some urgency , he remove small notebook from he pocket and place it behind a paper towel dispenser . suddenly he glance up . two other man have enter the men' room ; one be a large black man in a three - piece suit under a expensive , overcoat . his partner be a caucasian in designer jeans , half boot and a short leather jacket . they advance on the young man with unmistakable menace . the young man whirl in terror ; he two assailant lunge for he ... a savage , wordless struggle ensue in the close confines of the lavatory . angle in samuel' stall as the struggle man bounce off the door of he stall ... he can see they foot under the edge of the door . back to fight as the struggle build to a climax ... end with the young man stiffening with a grunt , he face drain of color . the two attacker step away , the blade in the black man 's hand bloodstain . his partner stare at what they have accomplish with a stunne expression : partner Jesus ... the young man 's hand come away from he belly cover with blood . he stare at it , stagger toward the sink . finally he bloody hand reach to smear at he face in the mirror . then he collapse to the floor . the black man motion for he partner to watch the door , then quickly reach up and remove the notebook from behind the dispenser . angle in samuel' stall as he edge open the stall door a crack . over he shoulder we can see the black man , he back to US , rifling the backpack . but beyond he , in the mirror on the far wall , we catch sight of the black man 's face . SAMUEL as he stare out the narrow crack . a beat , then he close the stall door . angle in stall Samuel try to make the latch work , but it 's warpe and will not fall close . black man as he check the notebook before place it in he pocket . his partner be cover the door , a automatic in he hand . the black man make for the exit , then on second think , glance at the row of stall . he Pov '' stall all quiet , but ... back to scene the black man whip out a .38 caliber revolver , and , start at the near end , start push open the stall door . angle in sam' stall as the black man approach , Samuel work desperately on the latch . at the last minute he finally wedge it in . black man he elbow Samuel 's stall ... the door will not open . angle in sam' stall Fighting back panic , Samuel have retreat as far as he can . black man as he give the door a kick . it hold . he swear under he breath . angle in sam' stall in desperation , Samuel do the only thing he can think of ... he slip under the partition into the neighbor stall the black man just check out . but he lose he hat in the process . his hand snake back into frame to snatch it just as the black man give the door a ferocious kick that splinter the lock and nearly take it off its hinge . he 's frame there , the big muzzle of the .38 revolver look down we throat . angle as he partner snap from the doorway : partner will you come on , for Christ 's sake ! a beat , then the black man holster he weapon , turn to follow the partner out . back to SAMUEL as we hear the SOUND of the two men exiting the lavatory . a long beat , then Samuel open the stall door a crack . he pow through door Samuel 's own face reflect in the blood-smeared mirror ... then panning down to the still figure of the young man lie in the crimson pool of he own blood on the floor . bench waiting room '' low angle '' night Samuel sit close to he mother , he face pale , he eye stare . Rachel hold he hand tightly in hers as the torso of various police and official pass through foreground , occasionally obscure the lonely couple . there be considerable echoing noise as command and request mingle with the crackle of two - way radios . CUT to : door '' men be ' room the diffuse shape of face behind the frost glass of the Men 's room door , which be push open to reveal , JOHN book , who come stride through to be momentarily lose in the crowd of police , reporter and other . he be about 40 , with a rangy , athletic body . behind he come carter , Book 's black partner '' about five year young than Book . Book be wear a suit , Carter be much more casually '' almost disreputably '' dress . CUT to : bench Little Samuel watch Book , back to crowd of police , as Book question a old black custodian . book you find the body ? custodian uh uh . not I , daddy , I just report it . it be the kid . book what kid ? custodian how and hell do I know what kid ? the kid in the funny black thread . tight shot '' SAMUEL worry -ey , still stare straight ahead . then he eye move suddenly to he leave . book's legs '' samuel' Pov come in at full stride , then stop . SAMUEL he do not raise he eye ... just look at the leg . and , slowly , the leg begin to bend at the knee . we see Book 's belt buckle , then he big pistol in its holster , then he face . he stare at Samuel for a moment , then ... angle '' book as he face break into a big grin , and ... book hi , kid . rachel immediately alarmed , intervene . rachel what do you want of my son ? the scene as Book take out he wallet , display he shield . book I be a police officer . I be go to have to talk to the boy . what 's he name ? rachel Samuel . Samuel lapp. ( then , quickly ) but what happen here be none of he affair . my sister be expect I ... we train be leave soon . book there will be another train . ( turn to Samuel ) the man who be kill tonight be a policeman , Sam . it 's my job to find out who do it . I want you to tell I everything you see when you go in there . SAMUEL ( stammer ) I see he . book who would you see ? Sam look at he mother . book who would you see , Sam ? the man on the floor ? SAMUEL no ... I see the man who kill he . Book stare at he in surprise , speak over he shoulder to Carter . book anybody know about this ? carter I do not even know about it . book ( back to Sam ) okay , Sam . can you tell I what he look like ? SAMUEL ( grop , touch he clothes and point at Carter ) he be ... like he . book ( nod ) Black ... I understand . what else , Sam ? a beat , then Sam cross quickly to Carter , Book 's rather slightly build partner : SAMUEL not Zwartich , like he '' Book frown , puzzle : book try that one again , Sam '' Samuel give he mother a helpless look ; exasperate , Rachel intervene with Book . she glance at Carter : rachel May I talk to you ? angle as Rachel take Book aside , and in a low voice : rachel Zwartich . it 's the way we say ... dwarf . ( glance at Carter ) not like he ... very big . Book nod , start to turn back to Sam . just then a commotion off screen catch he attention . book be Pov '' oncoming cop it 's capt . terry donahue , Chief of homicide , stride past the crowd of journalist and tv crew ... brush off reporter ' question and snap order to the aide he 's get in tow : back to scene as donahue come on book : donahue ( to aide ) Close it all down ... I want a man on every exit ... I want the lab in here now ! ( to Book ) and I want to talk to you , Captain . angle as Book step aside with donahue ... in the b.g. Rachel move protectively to Samuel 's side . book all right , talk . donahue this be homicide '' not Internal affair ! so why be you behave like you own this case ? book we be run Zenovitch ... that 's all I can tell you . but I want it , Terry . ( then ) I have get a call into schaeffer . rachel / SAMUEL they can not help but watch the confrontation between donahue and Book ... although they be keep the volume down , it 's obviously intense and angry : SAMUEL ( alarmed ) momma ... be they angry with we . rachel ( reassure , but hardly in she own mind ) no ... no . it be just the English way . donahue have lose the confrontation ; he give Book a smile : donahue you ought to think about come back to homicide , johnny ... stick with Internal affair and you be not gonna have any friend leave . book ( smile right back ) I will buy a dog . ext . 30 th ST . station '' night Book emerge from the terminal , look about he , then cross to a big mercury sedan which be park nearby . two man sit in the front seat . Book cross to the driver 's side and open the door . book go get a cup of coffee , Stan . the driver , a uniform policeman , glance at the man beside he who nod in agreement . he get out and Book get in behind the wheel . int . sedan Book sit next to schaeffer , a surprisingly kindly look man of about fifty . schaeffer be a deputy Chief . schaeffer how reliable be this kid ? book oh , he 's good . schaeffer amish . book yeah . schaeffer what have you get ? book Zenovitch be about to deliver a list of name tonight '' street chemist ... the guy processing this p2p into speed . schaeffer so one of they get to he . book maybe . schaeffer you know who ? book maybe . schaeffer you be still convinced there 's a link to the department ? book if there be not I have just waste the last six month . schaeffer that 's the problem . we need result . the press be drive we crazy over this p2p thing . Calling we the ' speed capitol of the country ' . you know the sort of thing . it 's get political . the commissioner 's get very uneasy . book the amish boy see he , Paul . I will make it , but set donahue and the homicide Department off my back or they will blow the whole thing . schaeffer when word get out that Zenovitch be a cop , all hell will break lose . you have get 24 hour . that 's all I can give you . 24 hour on you own . after that the case and the witness go back to the homicide Department . schaeffer ( shake he head ) tell you what ... why do not you and that blonde '' what 's - she - name '' come over for dinner Sunday . how ' bout that . book what 's -her - name move to buffalo . schaeffer ( sigh ) well , anyway , do not get crazy . ( dismiss he ) I will do something for Zenovich 's wife . int . book's car ( moving ) philadelphia '' night Book drive around 13th Street , a ravage corridor between neon light restaurant , bar , porno shop and darken storefront . Carter sit beside he , Rachel and she son in the back seat look out at the assort array of desperate character huddle in doorway or wander aimlessly about . on the police radio a description of the cop kill be broadcast every few minute . carter I get there late , John . book let 's just find coalmine . ( beat ) listen , Zenovich make a mistake . you do not let anybody down . it happen '' carter ( grimly ) it will not happen again . rachel where be you take we ? book we be look for a suspect . we have reason to believe he 's still in the area . rachel you have no right to keep we here . book yes I do . you son be a material witness to a homicide . rachel you do not understand , we have nothing to do with you law ! book do not surprise I . I meet a lot of people like that . rachel it 's not a joke . Book decide to try contrition : book you be right . it 's not a joke . listen , I know a little about the amish . I know this have to be a ordeal for you ; and I be really sorry you a Samuel get involved . Samuel shoot a look at Book then mutter something to he mother in german . she respond in the same language . Book frown . book what be that ? rachel he want to know who you be . you name . I tell he we do not need to know anything about you . Book eye Samuel : book Book . John Book ext . 13 th ST . station '' night Book 's car stop , and from out of the shadow dart a wizen little man . he look about before crossing to the driver 's side window . int . book be car '' night Book lower the window . book sammy , where 's coalmine ? the little man stare at the weird - look couple in the back seat . sammy what you get there , the salvation Army ? book coalmine . sammy try " happy Valley " . ext . happy valley bar , south STREET '' night Book 's car pull up outside the bar and he and Carter get out , and move swiftly inside . int . happy valley '' night sixty black face stare as the police enter . a hush fall on the group . Book and Carter spot they man at the bar and move up either side of he . they have move carefully to this point ... no mistake . from the back , the black man they have approach certainly look like he could be the man who do the kill of Zenovitch . and , as Book and Carter make they move ... ext . happy valley '' night as Book and Carter explode through the door of the bar , violently propelling coalmine along with they . now we see coalmine be not the killer . as Book and Carter escort coalmine out of the bar a police squad car pull up , its headlight shine into Book 's car . a alarmed Rachel hold Samuel close as Book force coalmine 's face down next to the car window . book put some light on he . a cop pull out a flashlight , begin to play the beam over coalmine 's face . book ( continue ; to Samuel ) look at he . crazy as rasputin on speed and booze , coalmine glare at Samuel inside the car : Samuel , white - face , finally shake he head in the negative . coalmine try to twist free of Book 's grip . Book snap , and slam coalmine 's skull into the window edge , finally crush he face up against the front window . his face take on a grotesque shape against the glass . Carter restrain he partner and Book cool down . coalmine be lead stumbling away by the uniform police . this sudden show of violence have horrify and angere Rachel , and she glare at Book as he get back in the car . rachel John Book , you listen to I ! I will have no further part in this , nor will my son ! as God stand between we ! Book sigh , start the engine and move off . ext . HOTEL '' philadelphia '' night Book pull up outside a hotel entrance as a uniform doorman move to open the rear door . int . car '' night Rachel and Sam recoil as the doorman open the door . he be puzzle by the sight of the reluctant guest . doorman ma'am ? rachel no ! we do not stay in hotel . Book and Carter exchange a glance . ext . / int . front door , suburban house '' philadelphia '' night a attractive woman in she early thirty in robe and slipper stare in disbelief as Rachel and Sam file into the house . this be elaine , Book 's sister . she stop Book as he try to follow Rachel inside . elaine how could you do this to I tonight ? I tell you I have company book sorry . it 's important . back to rachel as she glance in a doorway . her Pov '' elaine's kitchen it 's a shamble , with dirty supper dish pile sink , the table litter with empty beer can . back to rachel as she hustle Samuel along . book / elaine Book frown : book where 's timmy and Buck ? elaine upstair , asleep . where would you think ? book you have get a man here and the kid be upstairs ? elaine that 's none of you goddamn business ! so keep you goddamn holier - than - thou mouth shut ! ( and ) anyway , they like Fred . book oh sure , Fred . Elaine look like she 's go to blow again , then decide it 's pointless . elaine who be this orphan , anyway ? book they're amish . angle in guest room Samuel be asleep in one twin bed in a tiny , cluttere room . Rachel , in a plain nightgown , be prepare to climb into the other one . off screen we hear a door close , presumably Book leave . a beat , then Elaine open the door and look in . elaine everything okay ? rachel yes , thank you very much . elaine ( a beat ) John say you be amish . rachel yes . elaine ( blankly ) oh. she nod and go . Rachel cross to Samuel , sit on the bed . Samuel look up at she bleakly . SAMUEL I do not want to stay here . rachel they be English . they do not understand . SAMUEL I wish dawdie be with we . rachel ( swallow ) I know . sleep now , liebchen . she put she hand on he forehead , close he eye . she frown , and ... ext . drive -in fast -food joint '' philadelphia '' dawn Carter exit the cafe carry burger , donut and a couple of beer . Book wake from a brief nap as Carter get into the car . Book chew into he burger while Carter take a doughnut . its clear they have work through the night . ext . elaine's house '' day Elaine 's house be situate on the corner of a row of terrace , which stretch into the distance on both side of the street . int . elaine's house as Samuel come out of the guest room in he night - shirt , turn up the hall and open the door to the bathroom . angle but it 's not the bathroom ; it 's Elaine 's bedroom . she and fred be tangle in the sheet , furiously make love . Elaine gasp , Fred manage to grunt . fred wrong door , kid . another angle as Samuel quickly shut the door . a straight - face beat ; then , barely suppress a giggle , he hurry on ... angle in live room as Rachel appear in the live room entry . Samuel be sit on the floor with two boy of about he own age , watch television . they be eat cold cereal out of a box . rachel be Pov '' tv screen some artless Saturday morning cartoon . back to rachel as she frown , watch she son and the other two stare hypnotically . and ... angle in live room it 's later in the morning now , as Elaine , a bit blearily , appear in the entryway , stare in groggy disbelief . her Pov '' kide her oldest boy and Samuel be busily wash the window while she youngest be push a carpet sweeper . the tv be off . back to elaine as she stare . angle in kitchen Rachel be stand in the middle of the now immaculate kitchen finish a brisk mop of the floor . the coffee be perk . Elaine appear . elaine ( mutter ) Jesus ... Rachel turn cheerily . rachel good morning . elaine ( helplessly ) you do not have to ... rachel I want to . you be kind to take we in last night . ( and ) anyway , I need something to do . I be so angry with you brother . he 's so ... agaanisish ! elaine aganishish ? yeah , that sound like John . she take a seat at the table , still shaking she head . rachel just a minute . I will pour you some coffee . elaine you be not carry a bullwhip ... how would you manage to put my kid to work ? rachel ( smile ) I make it a contest ... the one who do best get he cereal back first . ( and ) Children like to help ... they only need to be keep after a little bit . Rachel mean no harm by this , but Elaine 's eye begin to storm . elaine oh , be that so ? ( and ) no offense , lady , but I be not so sure I like the idea of you come in here and turn the place upside down ! Rachel 's smile fade at Elaine 's tremble outburst : rachel please , I do not mean ... abruptly Elaine rise and snatch the mop from Rachel 's hand . she mop furiously as she continue : elaine I know exactly what you mean ! listen , maybe I be not a world - class housefrau , but maybe I do not have time to polish the goddamn china and keep after the kid ! ( and ) it 's none of you business , but I do not happen to have a man around here full time . so I sell cosmetics in a goddamn drugstore and sometimes I can even pay the rent on time ! so maybe I be not Mary poppin , but maybe I do not need to have it jamme down my throat like this . she finish the floor , hurl the mop aside with a clatter : elaine there be that clean enough for you ? Rachel be speechless , Elaine be on the point of burst into tear . at which point Fred appear at the entry in he undershirt , take in the sparkling kitchen . fred Jesus , Elaine ... somebody die and leave you a broom ? not a politic observation on Fred 's part . elaine ( blurt ) go to hell , Fred ! and , burst into tear , she flee the kitchen . Fred stare after she . fred what 's bugging she ? unperturbed , he cross to the counter and the coffee pot , let he eye take in Rachel 's full figure . int . elaine's bedroom as Rachel come in with Elaine 's coffee , close the door behind she . Elaine be lie across the bed , sobbing . rachel I bring you coffee . she take a seat next to the bed . rachel I be sorry . I do not mean it that way . after a moment , Elaine start to pull herself together : elaine it 's okay . ( and ) look , I should not have blow my top . it 's like ... somehow ... I have let everything get away from I . and you sort of make I face it . she take the cup , sip the coffee . Rachel smile at a private think . elaine what 's so funny ? rachel Fred . the way he look when you scream at he . elaine ( dispare ) God , Fred ... rachel at home you would never hear a woman scream at a man that way . elaine no ? why not ? rachel you just would not . it 's not the amish way . ( then ) but I think it would have do I good if I could have scream at you brother last night . elaine listen , I do not know what 's go on or how you get mix up with he , but do not you let that self - righteous son of a bitch push you around , okay ? Rachel smile . rachel okay . int . book's car ( moving ) '' day Book glance irritably at Rachel : book now what 's the problem ? rachel the problem be I do not happen to think my son should be spend all he time with a man who carry a gun under he coat and go around whack people . Book give she a look : book whack ? rachel ( firmly ) yes . and I also want to leave this city . book believe I , I be try to get this over with as fast as I can . but Samuel will probably have to come back and testify . rachel we do not go into you court . book people who do not go into we court when they be tell to sometimes go directly into we jail . Rachel glare at he and the ride continue on that chilly note for a beat . book look , I be genuinely sorry ... rachel ( snap ) no you be not '' ( off he look ) you be glad , because now you have get a witness . ( and ) I hear the other police talk last night . ( and ) they do not seem to like you very much . book they kid a lot . rachel ( glance at he ) I would not be too sure . Samuel have be glance at Book ; finally he say something to he mother in german . Book give she a inquire look . rachel he say you look very tired . I think the same thing . Book say nothing . rachel but not a good tired . book what 's a ' good ' tired . tire be tired . she do not bother to explain ; Book settles even deeper into he funk as Samuel glare at he with hostility . int . identification room '' police h.q. '' day Samuel sit with Book at a desk , Rachel just behind . they be look at a police line - up of know black drug-dealer . Samuel shake he head '' another negative . Book wink , slyly reach into a pocket , produce a yellow gumball . he surreptitiously show it to Samuel , give he a inquire look . it 's a peace offer . Samuel grin , nod imperceptibly . another angle as Book roll the gumball down the table to Samuel . but just as Samuel be about to cover it with he hand , Rachel reach over and pluck it off the table . she shake she head at Samuel . book ( to Rachel ) just want to see if you be on you toe . ext . CITY park '' day Book , Sam and Rachel sit on a park bench eat a lunch of hot dog heape with kraut . Book watch with amusement as Samuel wolf down he lunch . Rachel eye he a beat . then : rachel you sister say you do not have a family ? book no . rachel she think you should get marry and have child of you own . instead of try to be a father to hers . except she think you be afraid of the responsibility . Book give she a look : book oh ? anything else ? rachel oh yes . she think you like police because you think you be right about everything . and you be the only one who can do anything . and that when you drink a lot of beer you say thing like none of the other police would know a crook from a ... um ... bag of elbow . Book be stare at she . Rachel nod . rachel I think that 's what she say . just then Samuel belch with huge satisfaction , draw look from Book and a couple of passersby . Rachel smile proudly . rachel good appetite . CUT to : int . outer office / waiting room , narcotics division '' day Rachel sit uneasily in the outer office , one or two police clerk eyeing she curiously . a sign on the desk read " narcotics division . " Rachel crane forward try to peer through a partially open door . int . detective room , narcotics division , police h.q. '' day a group of narcotics detective be interrupt in mid conversation by the open of the main office door . they stare in considerable surprise . CUT to : JOHN book stand in the doorway , hold little Samuel by the hand . book afternoon , gentleman . I would like you to meet Samuel lapp . we would like a little help . int . SMALL office , narcotics division '' day a narcotics detective enter the room laden with several volume of mug shot . he put they on the desk beside a similar book which Samuel be intently study . Sam sit on the chair cushion in a big swivel rocker . the detective , sgt . kaman , eye Book a little suspiciously '' internal affair officer be not greet warmly by the work policeman in any department . kaman there 's a sgt. Carter on the phone for you . Book get up and move to the door . kaman and , Captain , do not want to rush you , but I be gonna need this file back in a half hour . we get a lot of work to do round here . the two man leave . Samuel look about before hopping off he perch and follow the direction take by Book . int . detective room , narcotics division '' day through glass partition we can see Book on the telephone in a cubicle of a office . Samuel have drift out of the office and be idling amid the bustle of the squadroom . he cross to a glass case which hold a collection of plaque and frame newspaper account which denote instance of outstanding duty and achievement . angle though glass case as Samuel move along , only half interested in what he eye be take in , not really old enough to comprehend anyway . until suddenly he freeze . SAMUEL be Pov '' newspaper account enlarge , prominently display . the headline read : " division Chief mcelroy honore for youth Project " . accompany the item be a large sidebar mug-shot of mcelroy '' clearly the black man who murder the young cop in the train station men' room . back to SAMUEL he stare , transfix . a long beat , then Book , lowering himself to one knee next to Samuel , enter frame . he 's watch Samuel , know from the boy 's expression that they have find they man . Samuel slowly raise he hand to point at the photograph . Book gently take the boy 's small hand in he , conceal the accusation from watchful eye . he smile gently at the boy . int . book's car ( moving ) '' philadelphia '' dusk Rachel be curl tight in she corner of the front seat hold Samuel close . Book glance at she : rachel why do not you arrest that man ? be you protect he because policeman ? book ( snap ) listen , I be the cop that police the police . I be not in the business of protect crooked cop . ( ease up ) I will make a arrest when I know everybody involved . Rachel shake she head . rachel but why would they murder ... book because '' somehow '' they know I be get close . ( and ) look , it 's narcotic ... they make dope out of chemical ... they sell it on the street for million of dollar . they will do anything . ( and ) and they can get away with it because they be cop . rachel ( beat , then ) I be afraid . I be afraid for Samuel . I want to go home . book you will be safe . you do not have to worry . she say nothing . another beat , then : book look , they be think as long as they keep the killer out of Samuel 's way , we can not make a i.d . there 's no way they can know Samuel see that photograph , so he 's safe . he glance at she , but she continue ahead . book I mean it . you will be safe . suddenly Rachel explode : rachel oh yes ! of course . why should not we feel safe in a city where the police be so busy kill each other ! CUT to : ext . / int . schaeffer home , philadelphia suburb '' night the front door of schaeffer 's upper-middle class home be open by he wife marilyn . she know Book and be surprised and delighted to see he . in the background daughter kathy be visible . schaeffer himself appear and Book be welcome inside . int . schaeffer' study '' night schaeffer pass Book a drink . Book be excited , animated ... the hunter , after a long chase , close on he quarry : book it be mcelroy , Paul . schaeffer give he a sharp look : book last guy I would have figure . but he 's part of it . schaeffer I hope you do not have any doubt about that . book if I do , I would have keep my mouth shut ... ( and ) it fit , Paul ... fifty -five gallon of p2p confiscate four year ago ... guess who be in on the collar ? mac. ( excited , explain the thing eagerly ) he salt it away somewhere ... he know the stuff be potent , but the street chemist have not figure out how to process it . but they do now . ( and ) and now the stuff be worth five - grand a pint and there be a lot of pint in a fifty - five gallon drum . schaeffer ( beat ) who else know ? book just we . schaeffer ( shake he head ) okay , what be you go to need to clean it up book more people ... gotta pick up where Zenovich leave off . people from outside the department . schaeffer ( nod ) maybe the Bureau . or that bastard at treasury . I will take care of it . ( then ) I hate this shit , johnny . you cut they ball off for I . I be count on you . schaeffer pour himself another drink . schaeffer what 's you first move ? book ( expel a breath ) a hot shower ... I have not change clothes in two day . ext . parking lot '' philadelphia '' night Book slam the front door of he car , check it for be lock , glance at a roile newspaper in he hand ( the sport section of the inquirer ) , start across the parking lot toward he apartment , walk as he keep glance down at the sport section . he come to a sort of crosswalk , stop , read , start to take a step ... and look up . what he sees mcelroy , smile nicely , start across toward he from the other side of the parking lot crosswalk back to book freeze , eye widen . utterly surprised and catch . mcelroy still smile , he bring up he right hand out of a shopping bag ( which he appear to be carry ) '' let the shopping bag fall away as he do so '' revealing a five - inch barrel Smith and wesson .357 blue finish revolver with a silencer . without hesitate , come right on , still smile , he fire once . book already start to leap away to one side , he be hit , drive into a half - turn . he clutches at the wound , as : mcelroy come right on , firing again ... the pistol 's report a whooshing , like the open of a bottle of cheap champagne . and mcelroy still smile as : book hit ... a graze near-miss this time , but enough to send Book down hard and grasp . mcelroy lower the pistol alongside he leg , as two men , barely take notice of anything , cross with they back to Book toward mcelroy . he smile at they . book down , mutter curse . the scene as mcelroy walk past Book , drop the pistol to the pavement , keep on go ... and be go . book groaning in pain , beginning to try to crawl crab-like . and we hear '' from the agonize recess of Book 's dream . schaeffer ( v.o. ) who else know ? book ( v.o. ) just we . as the light of a oncoming car '' go very slowly , on its way to a parking space '' sweep over he and we hear it come to a sudden , squealing stop . Book be already try to get to he foot ... now succeed , lurching into a sway stance , use a adjacent car for support . off screen we hear a car door slam , and footstep hurry in we direction , accompany by excited voice . Book hear , turn to face the oncomer , angle a fat , middle - age man have approach to within some foot of Book , look on edgily : man hey , buddy , what 's the score ? Little too much to drink ? Book stare at he , then look down at he belly . book's wound as Book remove he hand we can see one of the bullet strike he low in the side , just below the ribcage ... the other just above it ( but this one inflict only minor damage ) . the scene as the man stare : man goddamn , buddy . you better get to a hospital ! ( and ) here ; I will give you a hand . he start to approach , but Book shove he away . book no ! no hospital ! by now the man 's wife be hover at a safe distance : wife let he alone , Henry ! if he want to die in the street , that 's he business ! but the man be not content : man shut up , romona ! will ya look at that blood ? Book have try to lurch toward he car ; the man try to intercept he : man come on , buddy ... you be gonna bleed to death ! Book whirl on he , he service revolver in he hand point squarely at the fat man 's face : man shit ! wife ( quavering ) I tell you , Henry ! Book do not trust himself to speak , but the .38 be sufficiently eloquent for the circumstance , he stare at the fat man another beat , then hesitates , turn , start back toward he car . ext . STREET '' philadelphia '' night as Book 's car wheel somewhat erratically through traffic . int . book's car ( moving ) Book have a gym bag open on the seat next to he , be stuff a tshirt under he belt to staunch the blood . and ... int . carter' apartment '' bedroom '' night as he 's awaken by the ringing bedside telephone . he snap on a lamp ... he 's instantly awake , not unused to such rouse in the wee hour . a woman sleep beside he . carter yeah ... intercut book he 's at a n.d. pay phone . book listen carefully , I write the amish woman 's name and address on my desk calendar , I want you to lose it for I , now . tonight . carter what the hell be you talk about ? what 's happen . book nothing . I be not go to be around for a while . I will call you when I can . carter ( alarmed ) johnny , what the fuck ? book ( hard ) listen to I '' schaeffer 's part of it . maybe at the top of it . there 's a stunne silence at the other end . book yeah ... I can put it all together when I get back , ' til then , you know nothing , understand ? Business as usual ... carter ( beat ) I hear you . book ( nod ) good . take care of that woman 's name for I . and watch you ass . int . guest room , elaine's house '' night as the door open and Elaine switch on the light , rouse Rachel . Elaine look haggard . elaine it 's John . he say you have to leave now . he say it 's urgent . she leave the room as Rachel instantly awake , move quickly to rouse Samuel . ext . bathroom door Elaine be outside the bathroom listen to instruction from she brother . from inside we hear the SOUND of running water . Elaine be puzzle but also sense the urgency . book ( v.o. ) put my car in the garage and close the door . elaine John , I do not understand any of this . book ( v.o. ) ( snap ) you do not know anything ... borrow you car . do not say why . and you never hear of that woman and she boy . elaine John , why ?... book ( shout ) just do it ! int . bathroom Book look at himself in the mirror , he face be pale and draw . he examine the wound , a cleanly drill hole through he right side , just under the rib cage . the wound continue to bleed as he bind a towel tightly about he , before put he shirt back on . he then carefully wipe away any trace of blood on basin with tissue which he flush down the toilet . int . book's car ( moving ) as he drive across town . Samuel be curl up asleep , he head on Rachel 's lap . rachel where be you take we now ? book Home . rachel you could not wait until morning ? Book give she a look . rachel ( insistent ) what happen ? but Book , glance in he rearview mirror , tense . he Pov '' mirror in it we can see a police car come on fast , with light and siren . back to scene Rachel eye Book warily . a beat , then the police car wail past . Book expel a breath . rachel you say we would be safe in Philadelphia . book I be wrong . Rachel look away , speak almost sarcastically , muttering . rachel kinner un narre ... [ " kinner un narre saage die waahret " '' " Children and fool say the truth " '' amish expression ] int . philadelphia police headquarters '' book's office '' night angle past Book 's desk calendar . Carter enter in the b.g. , cross quickly to the desk . he snap on a light , thumb a page of the calendar . frown . insert Rachel 's name and address scribble on a page of the calendar . back to scene angle a couple of plainclothesmen have pause outside the door to give he a look . meet they eye . they move on . Carter shake it off , go . and ... CUT to : int . car ( moving ) as light color the eastern horizon , Book be crossing into lancaster County . Book glance at Rachel ; she 's asleep . he cough wrackingly , hurt ... cinch the belt of he overcoat even tighter . and ... ext . lapp farm he Pov '' book's car come up the long drive . back to scene as the car pull up in the barnyard and eli cross to it . suddenly the car door fly open and Samuel jump out , race across the barnyard to hurl himself into the old man . angle at car as Rachel step out of the passenger 's side , Book remain seat . he let he eye travel around the farm . rachel stay for awhile . Rest . I will make coffee and breakfast . book I can not . rachel what about Samuel ? will you come back to take he to trial ? Book start the engine : book ( grimly ) there be not go to be one . Rachel stare at he , not sure what he mean . then back away , close the door . Book begin to turn the car around in the barnyard . angle as eli cross to Rachel , he arm around Samuel . eli who be that man ? rachel his name be John Book . eli be about to inquire further when Samuel cry : SAMUEL momma '' look . they glance in the direction Samuel be look . there Pov '' book's car the car have fail to take a bend in the road and be now bounce across a adjoin ploughed field . it 's knock over a tall birdhouse by the roadside . the car finally come to rest against a bank of earth . back to rachel she stare ... CUT to : ext . field '' day as Samuel race for all he 's worth across the field , negotiate the creek via a fall log '' Rachel , now , also run toward the car . ext . stable '' day eli work fast harness he mule to a open wagon . he hop up to the front seat and urge they to trot . angle at book's car we see that Rachel have make Book as comfortable as possible in the front seat of the car and be pack the wound under he trenchcoat with material rip from she apron . momentarily he come awake : rachel but John ... why do not you go to a hospital ? book no , no doctor ... rachel ( bewilder ) but why ? book gunshot ... they will file report ... they will find I . rachel but '' Book reach up to grip she arm fiercely : book and when they find I , they will find you boy ! he slip under again . Rachel stare at he , realize the price he 's pay in return they to safety . she reach out , touch he gently . but the moment be break by ... another angle as eli rein up in the springwagon . he climb down , cross to glance into the car . eli be the English dead ? rachel no ... eli look dead ... and together they begin to lift Book from the car and place he in the back of the springwagon . and ... int . lamp farmhouse where eli be look out a window . he Pov '' buggy a amish buggy come up the drive , past Book ' 's car . angle in bedroom where Book lie on a bed . Rachel be bathing he wound with warm water from a pan . eli appear in the doorway . eli stoltzfus be come . Rachel look at he , nod . eli frown at Book 's holster pistol lie atop he neatly fold clothes on a chair near the bed . eli that have no place in this house . rachel I know . she pick up the pile of clothes and the pistol and place they in a chest . rachel it will go when he go . int . live room as Samuel come in with old stoltzfus and stoltzfus 's teenage son , levi . rachel thank you for come , stoltzfus . stoltzfus 's eye have go to the bed : stoltzfus that 's the English be it ? int . sickroom '' tight as stoltzfus run he finger lightly over the vicinity of Book 's wound : stoltzfus ( o.s. ) I feel ... burn . wider as stoltzfus , in he shirt sleeve and concentrate mightily , moisten he fingertip with saliva , continue the examination . finally he step back . stoltzfus this man should be treat in town . ( indicate ) the bullet enter there ... and come out there . but there be the danger of infection , and he have lose a great deal of blood . Rachel look at stoltzfus , then turn away , tear by she dilemma . her eye fall on Samuel . gently she usher he from the room : rachel go help Levi with the car , Samuel . she close the door after he , then turn to face eli and stoltzfus : rachel no , he must stay here . stoltzfus give eli a puzzle look . and : eli do not you hear stoltzfus ? what if he die ? then the sheriff will come . they will say we break they law '' rachel we will pray that he do not die ! but if he do , then we will find a way so no one know ! eli Rachel , this be a man 's life , we hold it in we hand . rachel I know God help I , I know that , eli. ( then ) but I tell you that if he 's find here , the people who do this to he will come for Samuel . Rachel beseech they helplessly : rachel what else can we do ? ext . lapp drive Levi have hitched eli 's mule to the rear of Book 's car and be towing it up the drive toward the barn , with Samuel catch a ride on the bumper . rachel where she 's wait with the big barn door throw open . as the mule tow the car in , she close the door . int . lapp farmhouse live room as stoltzfus and Levi be about to go : stoltzfus turn to Rachel : stoltzfus make a poultice ... three part milk , two part linseed oil ... for the infection . I will send Mary by with some teas I will brew myself . rachel thank you . stoltzfus turn to eli : stoltzfus lapp , I will have to speak with the diener on this matter . eli ( nod ) as you see fit , stoltzfus . CUT to : int . sickroom '' lap farm '' night as Rachel enter , turn up a kerosene lamp which be burn low at bedside . she 's carry the poultice stoltzfus order . Book 's brow be bead with sweat . Rachel seat herself next to the bed , strip away the sweat - soak sheet . her eye take in he bare torso , and we should get the feel that there 's rather more male animal on display here just now than she 's quite comfortable with . she begin to apply the poultice . angle as Book rouse to semi-consciousness , in he delirium he recoil with alarm . rachel it 's all right ! you have get to lie still . Book stare up at she without recognition , but some of what she say seem to penetrate . he quiet . rachel ( soothingly ) yes , much better ... angle as Book lapse back into sleep . Rachel have not remove she hand from he chest . abruptly she do so . she find herself wonder about this man lie before she , so suddenly a part of she life . she notice detail ; bruise , scar , the knuckle be hard , graze , a tattoo on one shoulder . while lose in this reverie , the delirious Philadelphia policeman begin to mutter . incoherently at first , then the word take shape '' swear word ; curse ; fuck this and that ; shit ; etc . Rachel rise abruptly , she cheek coloring , as the barrage of language pour from he mouth . she beat a hasty retreat close the door swiftly behind she . int . schaeffer' office '' day he 's on the phone : schaeffer look like we be go to need some help from you folk down there . int . lancaster county sheriff' office '' day where a undersheriff be on the phone : undersheriff ... want to help any way we can , Chief , but you get to understand we have get upwards of seven thousand amish over here . and that 's just lancaster County . intercut schaeffer who be try to control he impatience : schaeffer I have get the woman 's name , sheriff . lapp . Rachel lapp . that should simplify you work . the undersheriff frown . he do not like be talk down to . undersheriff how about a address ? schaeffer ah ... no . undersheriff ( frown ) maybe a road or route number ? schaeffer sorry . the undersheriff be not impressed . undersheriff Problem be , Chief , ' bout every third amishman around here be name lapp . that or yoder . or hochstetler . ( and ) Chief , if the amish have take you man in , I would not want to hang from a rope until you find he . angle schaeffer be tight - lipped with contain fury : schaeffer thank you , sheriff . it 's be a education . he hang up . a beat ; the man be a study in frustration . then he glance up . another angle stand in he doorway be the two plainclothesmen who spot Carter in Book 's office in the earlier scene . and ... CUT to : ext . lapp farm '' day a bright , sunny afternoon . SAMUEL where he 's lead a team of horse to the barn . in the b.g. three buggy be park in the barnyard , trace empty . Visitors . angle in sickroom where Book lie in the bed . his fever seem to have subside . he 's come awake , try to focus on the room . book be Pov '' clergy panning the four man in amish black who be stand around the bed look down at Book , mutter among themselves in german . this include tschantz , the district bishop , a hawk - nose , sterney old fellow ; stoltzfus , a deacon as well as a healer ; and two preacher , erb and hershberger . eli stand somewhat apart . angle another moment of silence , then Book open he eye . tschantz rumble in german . subtitles over . tschantz well , stoltzfus , another lazarus to you credit . stoltzfus he be touch by God 's hand . tschantz grunt , motion , for the other clergy aside with he . Rachel enter briskly with a steaming pot of tea and a cup , smile . rachel hello . Book stare at she , then at the old bearded gentleman . book ( close he eye ) who be they ? rachel the leadership of we district ... the diener . Bishop tschantz be the one with no hair on top . they decide to come and see you for themselves . except stoltzfus , of course . he come the first day . I think he save you life . book can I have something to drink ? Rachel bring he tea . book do anybody know I be here ? rachel only the elder . book how long ? rachel what ? book how long have I be here ? rachel two day . book ( a beat ) listen , thank you . thanks for everything . but I have get to go . rachel ( frown ) but you can not . he try to rise , fall back faint . Rachel rearrange the sheet . rachel see . anyway , you do not have any clothes on . and besides that , Bishop tschantz want to talk to you when you feel better . the elder appear to have conclude they conference , and be filing out . stoltzfus pause at bedside . stoltzfus Rest , Mr. Book . that 's the ticket . and drink my of my tea . he go . Book be still fend off the dizziness . Rachel put the teacup to he lip . book tell he he tea stink . rachel ( smile ) you tell he . when you be able . he look like he 's about to drop off again . Rachel rise . rachel ( from the door ) we be all very happy that you be go to live , John Book . we do not quite know what we be go to do with you if you die . that penetrate for a moment just before Book slip into sleep again . int . lapp live room '' day as the rather worrisome hershberger frown : hershberger ... but a gunshot wound . very serious . tschantz it be not the first time we have do this . in the englischer war of the revolution , old elmer Miller 's grandfather take in gunshot English soldier . ( a tad of pride ) save they , too . they all nod . what tschantz say be well know . then : erb still , he should be among he own people . Rachel enter on this last . rachel he will leave as soon as he be able . he already want to go . hershberger give she a gloomy look , turn to stoltzfus : hershberger how long will that be , stoltzfus ? stoltzfus ( shrug ) a month . maybe less . with God 's heal love . ext . book's sister' house '' philadelphia '' day schaeffer be knock at the front door . a beat , then Elaine open it cautiously , peer out . elaine ( half fearfully ) do you find he ? schaeffer not yet . suddenly she eye blaze , she start to close the door : elaine then go away , you bastard . schaeffer quickly '' but gently '' prevent she from shutting it . schaeffer Elaine , I have come to apologize for Lt. mcelroy . he overstate the department 's position . elaine ( bitterly ) he accuse John of take kickback . and you know '' anybody who know John '' know that 's a goddamn lie ! schaeffer ( smoothly ) of course , Elaine . but as long as there 's any question , better johnny should come back and clear he name . elaine ( cut in ) better you should get off my front porch before I get my mace ! schaeffer Elaine , I do not want to have to take you in for question . you have get he car , you be the last to see he '' elaine ( clipped ) I do not know where he be . schaeffer but ... if you have to guess ? another angle '' schaeffer' car mcelroy watch . there Pov '' front door we see a final exchange between Elaine and schaeffer . Elaine force the door shut . schaeffer turn , walk slowly to he car . int . schaeffer' car as schaeffer open the door , climb in , sink wearily into the seat , beside mcelroy . mcelroy she say where he be ? schaeffer I do not think she know . schaeffer be stare grimly ahead . schaeffer what about Carter ? mcelroy tight . but I be work on he . schaeffer lean on he . ext . lapp farm '' lancaster county '' night reestablishing , and tightening to the upstairs sickroom window where a lamp dimly burn . int . sickroom as Samuel come in with a fresh bedpan . Book be lie asleep on the bed . Samuel put the bedpan down , check to make sure Book be indeed asleep , then quietly cross to the foot of the bed and open the clothes chest . angle Book 's big .38 revolver lie holster atop he fold clothes . fascinate , Samuel pick it up , admire the heavy burl pistol grip . unable to resist , he start to remove the weapon from the holster , then pause to steal a look . off screen ... book his eye be open and watch Samuel icily , which give the boy something of a jolt . book give I that . mutely , Samuel hand Book the pistol from arm 's length . he look on as Book take the pistol out of the holster , shoot the boy another look , then snap open the cylinder and shake out the heavy , copper- jackete bullet into he palm . he snap the cylinder close again , then nod to Samuel . book come here . the boy edge closer . book you ever handle a pistol like this , Samuel ? SAMUEL ( swallow ) no pistol . ever . book tell you what '' I be go to let you handle this one . but only if you promise not to say anything to you momma . I have get a feel she would not understand . SAMUEL ( grin ) okay , Mr. Book . Book smile . then he give the boy a playful , John Wayne - tough guy wink as he cock and uncork the pistol , demonstrate the action . he finally hand it over to Samuel , butt first . book call I John . the boy try to imitate Book 's one - hand expertise , but he hand be too small . Book smile . Samuel finally manage to get the thing cocked , use two hand , and Book reach over to guide the muzzle away so that it 's not point at he . book you do not want to point that at people you just start call by they first name . Samuel level the pistol at the door and , just as he snap the trigger , Rachel enter , pull up short in some dismay to find she son have a gun point at she . Samuel blanch and Book wince , know there 's heavy weather ahead . rachel ( snap ) Samuel ! Samuel quickly hand the pistol back to Book , who holster it : rachel wait for I downstairs . Samuel quickly exit , and Rachel angrily advance on Book . rachel John Book , I would appreciate it if , during the time you be with we , you would have as little to do with Samuel as possible . book nobody mean any harm . the boy be curious . I unload the gun - rachel it 's not the gun . do not you understand ... it 's you . what you stand for . ( and ) that be not for Samuel . Book look at she thoughtfully . Rachel soften a bit : rachel please , it have nothing to do with you personally . he hand she the holster gun and the loose bullet . book put it up someplace Samuel can not get it . a beat , then Rachel , take the pistol and start to go . Book stop she : book Friends ? Rachel glance back at he , smile and nod . and ... CUT to : int . kitchen '' lapp farmhouse '' night Book 's holster gun and bullet at center table . eli sit on one side , a chasten Samuel on the other . Rachel look on from the b.g. eli know that this be as important a dialogue as he will ever have with he grandson : at issue be one of the central pillar of the amish way . eli the gun '' that gun of the hand '' be for the take of human life . would you kill another man ? eh ? Samuel stare at it , not meeting he grandfather 's eye . eli lean forward , extend he hand ceremonially . eli what you take into you hand , you take into you heart . a beat , then Samuel muster some defiance . SAMUEL I would only kill a bad man . eli only a bad man . I see . and you know this bad man on sight ? you be able to look into they heart and see this badness ? SAMUEL I can see what they do . now he meet eli 's eye : SAMUEL I have see it . eli expel a deep sigh ; then : eli and have see , you would become one of they ? ( intent ... gesture ) do not you see ...? the hand lead the arm lead the shoulder lead the head ... lead the heart . the one go into the other into the other into the other ... and you have change , and go amongst they ... he break off , bow he head for a moment . then he fix the boy with a stern eye and , drive he heel of he palm firmly into the tabletop with enormous intensity : eli " wherefore come out from among they and be ye separate , saith the Lord ! " eli ( indicate pistol ; continue from corinthian 6:17 ) " and touch not the unclean thing ! " his intensity tinged with righteous anger , he be hugely impressive . ext . washhouse '' near kitchen '' night Book stand near the door to the kitchen , and have hear most or all of eli 's word . he turn , and painfully make he way into the washhouse , move quietly , hope no one will come out from the kitchen . ext . barn '' lapp farm '' day Samuel harness up the family mare , and back she into the trace of the buggy . int . book's bedroom '' day Book stand at the window in a wear robe . below , through the window , we can see Samuel and eli in the barnyard . a beat , then Book cross impatiently back to he bed , sit down , pick up a dog-earred copy of the american dairyman . there 's a stack of well - thumbed farm magazine and copy of the budget ( the amish newspaper ) on the bedside table . there 's a knock . Rachel enter carry a pile of clothing . she smile . rachel enjoy you read ? book very interesting . I be learn a lot about manure . ( eye the clothing ) what 's that ? rachel you shirt and jacket be still stain with blood . I have they soaking . you can wear this . she pass the clothes to Book . book you husband 's ? rachel yes . it 's good that someone can have the use of they . besides , in you clothes you would stand out to stranger . she continue , cheerfully . rachel I should tell you this do not have button . ( show he ) see ? hook and eye . book something wrong with button ? rachel button be hochmut . book hochmut ? rachel vain . proud. such a person be hochmutsnarr . he be not plain . book ( nodd ) anything against zipper ? rachel ( almost blush ) you make fun of I . like the tourist . driving by all the time . some even come into the yard . very rude . they seem to think we be quaint . book quaint ? can not imagine why . she smile . book where 's the nearest telephone ? rachel telephone ? the gunther across the valley . they're mennonite . they have car and refrigerator and telephone in the house even . book no. I would want a public phone . Rachel 's face cloud . rachel well ... the store at saltzburg ... ( then briskly ) but you will not be go to saltzburg for a while . book I be go this morning . rachel but stoltzfus say ... book ( cut in ) I know what he say . rachel you can go with eli . he 's take Samuel to school . but you will have to hurry . Rachel turn to leave when Book call she back . book Rachel . she turn to look at he . it 's the first time he 's use she name . book thanks . she smile and leave . ext . farmhouse '' day eli call impatiently from the buggy . Samuel sit beside he . eli hurry up now , John Book ! int . kitchen '' day Rachel wash dish turn on hearing Book enter . she laugh out loud at the sight of he in he amish gear , and rightly so '' the pants be highwater , the hat low-rise , the jacket ill-fitting . Book look self - conscious , even a little sheepish . outside another shout from eli . rachel you would better go . Book look embarrassed . book my ... eh ... gun ? the smile fade from Rachel 's face as she reach up into a cupboard . she pass the gun in its holster to Book . he fasten it about he . the contradiction of a " armed amishman " increase the awkwardness between they . Book turn he back to she and check the weapon . he turn back to she smile in a odd way . book the ... bullet ? rachel oh . the bullet . she take they out of a disus coffee jar , pass they to Book . book ( attempt a joke ) not much good without they . int . buggy '' country road '' day Samuel sit between eli and Book . both man stare straight ahead . eli look particularly stern . it 's pretty clear he do not like this englishman wear the clothes of he faith . ext . amish one -teacher -school '' day with awave Samuel run into the schoolyard to join he friend . a teacher begin ringing a bell . int . store '' saltzburg Book on the telephone wait for he call to be answer . he look about he '' several amish and dither mingle in the shop . book-has get a coke from a machine , seem a bit self - conscious shout it sip at it surreptitiously ... a voice come on the line ; it 's that of Book 's partner . carter yeah ? a silence . book it 's I . carter johnny ! where the hell have you be ? book never mind . I be come in to take care of business . how hot be I ? carter ( low , urgent ) too hot . do not do it . do not come in . book I be come . carter listen , johnny , do not do anything stupid . you could not get within a mile of schaeffer right now . so stay put ... stay in touch '' I will let you know when maybe it make sense . a beat as Book consider that . carter ( edgily ) you hear I ? book ( finally ) I hear you . I will stay in touch . carter that 's more like it . ( and ) where be you at , anyway ? Book allow himself a small smile , regard he amish image reflect in the window of the store . book where I be at be maybe 1890 . carter ( uncomprehend ) say again ? book make that 1790 . he hang up . a beat , then he stare toward the door of the store . int . barn '' day Book work on he car . the battery have go flat and he 's try to charge it up by run wire to a battery mount under the front seat of the lapp buggy . eli stand at the barn door stare at he , again the disapprove look . eli if you be well enough to do that thing , you can do work for I . Book be genuinely apologetic . book sure , I be sorry . hope you do not mind I plugging in to you battery . mine 's dead ... how can I help ? what can I do ? eli maybe milk . book ( eye eli ) milk ? eli cow . you know , cow ? book I have see picture . eli good , you start tomorrow . int . book be room '' lapp farm '' night where Book lie asleep . a beat , then eli come in carry a lamp . he pause a moment to peer at the sleep figure with undisguise anticipation . then he give he a jarring thump : eli ( briskly ) veck oufl . time for milk . Book come groggily awake as eli exit . he grope for he watch . insert watchface it read 4:30 a.m . back to book as he stare at it in disbelief . int . barn as the milk herd of half dozen or so cow amble in with Samuel prodding they along , head for the milk stall . Book look on in the lamplight , nonpluse . SAMUEL where he 's pitching hay into the cow 's feed - trough . book , eli where the old man be show Book how to milk a cow by hand . we see Rachel watch from the milkhouse door ( steam from scalding milk can rise behind she ) . eli good , firm twist and pull , eh ? ( and ) right . now you try it . Book give he a look , take over the milk stool . the cow shoot he a rather skeptical look over she shoulder . Book bend to he task . eli do not you hear I , Book ? pull ! you never have you hand on a teat before ? book ( grimly ) not one this big . eli unexpectedly find this hilarious , cackle , give Book a comradely , man-of - the-world thump on the shoulder that jar he . then he move off . Book bend to he task , and ... angle '' rachel grinning , giggle , cover she mouth with one hand . as he pour a pail full of milk into a large , stainless steel milk can . ext . barn as the milk herd be release back into the pasture . Book cross into the f.g. , stare off screen . book be Pov '' horizon and dawnfire etching the hilltop . the bellhouse behind the house , the sun reflect from the heavy bell beneath its small roof . back to book something in he can not help but respond to the beauty . a beat , then he blow on he hand , rub they briskly together against the morning chill , and turn back to the barn . ext . lapp farmhouse '' day it be later in the morning . Rachel come out onto the porch , toss a pan of dirty dishwater off onto the grass , look toward the barn . angle '' the barn eli and Book stand in one of the open doorway , look in . int . the barn angle favoring luke , one of eli 's team of fine mule as Samuel open the stall gate . the beast be skittish , obviously afflict with something of a behavioral problem . but he allow Samuel to lead he out . book , eli as Samuel bring luke out . eli be now harness the other mule of the team to a large manure - spreader . but as luke near Book , he eye widen and he shy , almost haul Samuel off he foot . book ( alarmed ) careful , son '' Book move to Samuel 's aid ; a gesture which prove a serious mistake . luke erupt into a scream , buck cyclone . Samuel '' who no doubt have be here before '' dive nimbly for cover as a fly hoof nearly take Book 's head off . then eli hustle into the fray , push Book aside as he bellows belligerently in german at the rear animal . finally he give luke a swat upside the head that seem , somehow , to have the effect of quieting the beast instantly . angle Samuel give the shake Book a look : SAMUEL that 's luke . he do not like stranger . book ( still shake ) you do not say . eli lead the pacify mule back to the trace , grunt at Book . eli have to teach you mule , too , I guess . CUT to : ext . field near farmhouse '' day Book collect the piece of the birdhouse which he car knock down the day of he attempt departure . he pause as a figure approach . we recognize Daniel hochstetler , Rachel 's would - be suitor . he head for Book with a outgo smile and outstretch hand . here 's a likable man who like people . hochstetler good morning . Book , be it ? you be the yankee they talk about ? book I think I be the English . hochstetler English , yankee . it 's the same . my name be Daniel . Daniel hochstetler . ( size up he clothes ) you look plain , book. ( grin ) very plain . Book be not particularly amused . hochstetler I come to see Rachel lapp . book try the house . hochstetler give Book a powerful clap on the shoulder . hochstetler ( genially ) you bet . you take care of yourself . hochstetler head for the house . Book stare after he with some interest . angle as Rachel emerge from the house to greet he . she also catch sight of Book and she pause , a shadow of confusion crossing she expression for a instant . and hochstetler do not miss it either . then she give she suitor a genuine smile of welcome . hog pens Book , have gather up the piece of the bird house , be head toward the outbuilding , pass by hog pen . he glance toward the house : he Pov '' the back porch where Rachel and hochstetler be sit in a porch swing , share a pitcher of lemonade . back to book thoughtful ... he glance at the hog pen as a huge sow squeal and angrily nose she young one away from the trough so she can feed . book Pigs . int . carpentry shop , lapp farm '' day Book work on repair the break birdhouse when Rachel enter . book he use a drawknife on a piece of 2 x4 , with some obvious expertise . rachel eli be a fine carpenter . best in the district . he and he father build the big house themselves forty year ago . book oh ? ( and ) what happen to hochstetler ? rachel we have some lemonade and he leave . book a real fireball . Rachel smile . Book cross to a workbench and select another tool . rachel you know carpentry ? book I do some carpentry summer when I be go to school . rachel what else can you do ? book ( really annoyed ) I can whack people . I be hell at whack . rachel whack be not of much use on a farm . book now hold on . there 's a lot of people who think be a cop be a legitimate job . rachel I be sorry . I be sure it be . she turn , start to go . then turn back , eyeing he makeshift garb : rachel tonight I will let out that trousers for you . stifl a smile , she go . hold on Book a beat , then ... CUT to : int . lapp farmhouse '' dine room eli be seat at the head of the table , Book opposite Samuel and Rachel . the table be pile high with a incredible amount of food . eli eye Book cagily , wave he fork at he : eli eat up , Book . what 's the matter with you appetite ? book guess I be not use to so much . eli ( snort ) not use to hard work . that 's what make a appetite . Book swallow that one . with difficulty . Rachel intervene : rachel eli , John be a carpenter . ( conciliatory afterthought ) as well as be a fine policeman . eli eh ? well then , maybe he can go to Zook 's barn -raise , eh ? see how good a carpenter . Book can not refuse the challenge . book sure . rachel but ... you may not be well enough . book I will drink some more of stoltzfus ' tea . ext . / int . barn '' night as Rachel , lamp in hand , walk up to the barn . she look in to find Book tinkering with the battery hookup to the lapp buggy . he glance up as she enter : book hi ... as she set she lamp down near the one he 's use . rachel ( beat ) when will you be go ? book not long ... a few day . another beat as Rachel watch he ... Book , check out the battery power , hit the radio '' and suddenly from the twentieth century come the sound of one of its major invention '' rock and roll . it fill the barn , but Book turn up the volume a click more even and , eyeing Rachel , start move with the beat . it 's he culture , come through loud and clear , as incongruous as it all might seem with the tough Philly cop deck out in amish . Rachel can not help but laugh ... sense she response , Book sweep she up and they boogie in the lamplight , Rachel alternately protest and laugh . book you like it ... do not you ? Rachel , confuse , protest : rachel no ... you just stop '' but she do not really want to . Book grin : book ( mock alarm ) next thing you know you will be off drink beer and racing motorcycle . and it go on ... Rachel alternately protest and laugh . angle '' the barn door as eli suddenly appear . he glower for a instant , thunderstruck , then bellows : eli Rachel ! the scene as Book and Rachel 's dance come to a sudden halt . both turn , look at eli . Rachel regards he level - eye , without discernible alarm . Book , look a bit sheepish , go over , turn off the radio , as : eli ( in the dialect ) what be this ? this myusick ? Book hesitates , then start to say something : book it 's not she fault . I '' but he get such a look from eli that he turn , go out . eli ( in the dialect ) how can this be ? how can you do such a thing ? be this plain ? be this the ordnung ? rachel I have do nothing against the ordnung . eli ( in the dialect ) eh? nothing ? Rachel , you bring this man to we house . with he gun of the hand . you bring fear to this house . fear of English with gun come after . you bring blood and whisper of more blood . now English music ... and you be dance to English music ! and you call this nothing ? rachel I have commit no sin . eli ( in English ) no sin ? maybe . not yet . but , Rachel , it do not look ... ( tone soften ... in the dialect ) do not you know there have be talk ? talk about you , not he . talk about go to the Bishop . about have you ... shunne ! rachel that be idle talk . eli ( in English , plead ) do not make light of it , Rachel . they can do it ... quick ! like that ! and then ... then I can not sit at table with you . I can not take a thing from you hand . I ... I can not go with you to meeting ! ( the old man almost break down as , in the dialect ) Rachel , good Rachel , you must not go too far ! dear child ! Rachel be annoyed '' also touch , no doubt , by the old man 's plea '' but irk by he condescending tone . rachel I be not a child . eli ( suddenly stern again ) you be act like one ! rachel I will be the judge of that . eli ( fierce as a prophet ) no ! they will be the judge of that ! and so will I ... if you shame I ! rachel ( blink a tear now , but meeting he gaze ) you shame yourself . and shake '' but proud and erect '' she turn and walk out . int . schaeffer' office '' night Carter sit , schaeffer prowl ... slowly , let silence grow before he strike again with another softly - snarl question or statement . schaeffer you know where he be . carter wrong . schaeffer you would lie to protect he . carter ( cool ) probably . schaeffer snap around , glare at he . schaeffer you admit you be lie ? carter ( shake head ) I admit I do not know where he be . schaeffer you be the first one he will contact . carter ( sighing ) he 's get my number . schaeffer stop , stand in front of Carter , take a deep breath ... suddenly smile . and be abruptly ( as he be capable of be ) the man of charm and gentlemanly reason . he even chuckle as he begin : schaeffer it 's funny . I know he 's hide somewhere with the amish , I know it . ( a quick glance at Carter ) can you imagine John Book at a prayer meeting ? we John Book ? schaeffer chuckle again , look hopefully again at Carter . Carter look back , stony -ey . schaeffer make another abrupt shift in form ... but still speak softly . schaeffer either you be a member of the club or you be not , elton . ( he nod he head , as ) tell I what you know ... carter what I know , Paul , be ... ( nodd he head ) he 's go to take you out ... ext . lapp farm '' lancaster county '' day as Book pause by the barn door , glance over he shoulder . he Pov '' buggy with trace horse harness ... Samuel and eli load provision into the buggy , stand down by the house . back to book '' int . / ext . barn as he go into the barn . Book approach luke 's stall warily ... and as he do so the temperamental mule , reacting to form , start to skitter , he hoof cracking against the wall of the stall . Book flinch . Book start to talk gently to the animal : book all right , you nasty son of a bitch , we be go to be friend whether you like it or not . then , summoning he resolve , he carefully open the stall gate . angle as luke eye he balefully , Book reach into he pocket , bring out some lump of sugar . book see ... sugar . you like sugar , do not you for Christ 's sake ? finally , keep a mistrustful eye on Book , luke condescend to eat . Book nod with satisfaction . another angle Rachel have enter the barn , be watch Book with a puzzle expression . rachel ( surprised ) well ... Book turn , grin with some pride of accomplishment ! book won he over just like that . rachel I see . ( and ) but I hope you have a lot of sugar . ( then , go ) eli be ready to go to Zook . just then luke skitter impatiently ... Book give he a nervous look ; one last tentative pat as luke eye he skeptically , then close the stall gate and turn to go : book later . and we ... ext . zook farm '' lancaster county '' day big shot ... it 's early morning as the amish buggy be arrive at the Zook farm for a barn-raise . in the b.g. we can see big stack of lumber all around the construction site where a couple of dozen man have begin raise the main support on the already laid foundation . elsewhere , long table have be set up and woman be spread they with cloth , set out big tank of hot coffee and cold lemonade for the man , lapp buggy as eli , Book , Rachel and Samuel step down , Book eye the construction site . eli wait here ' till I find a gang you can work with . he go . Book glance around as even more buggy arrive and more workmen and they family climb out . eli appear with hochstetler in tow . hochstetler 's broad face break into a grin : hochstetler Book ! good to see you ! he pump Book 's hand with he usual vigor , smile a greeting and pleasantry to Rachel . she look on , amused . hochstetler give Rachel a look , and we realize that he show up just now to appropriate Book be no happenstance . and Book realize it as well . hochstetler eli say you be a carpenter , Book . book it 's be a while . hochstetler no matter . come with I . we can always use a good carpenter . with that he throw a huge arm around Book 's shoulder and usher he away . Rachel call after they : rachel good luck . book / hochstetler as they move off . hochstetler you hole be heal , then ? book ( give he a look ) pretty much . hochstetler nod with satisfaction : hochstetler good . then you can go home . dissolve to : cut as the morning progress : ... Book and hochstetler saw and auger out heavy timber on big sawhorse . there 's a unmistakable atmosphere of competition between the two man , which do not go entirely unnotice by the half - dozen or so other young man on the gang . ...or , indeed , by Rachel ; in fact , she seem '' without lean on it too heavily '' to be measure the two man as the morning progress , and she occasionally pass within proximity of they . ... eli and a couple of other elder prowling the job with sheave of hand - draw sketches under they arm , supervise the construction . all around they the structure be rise with remarkable rapidity . ... Rachel , where she 's help the woman set out the huge noon meal . other woman be sit on bench in the b.g. , knitting or do quiltwork . ... Samuel , where he 's bang away with a hammer , with a group of boy he own age . elsewhere we see little girl " botching " ( a hand -clapping game play to german rhyme ) . ... the very elderly ; sit on the grass or in wheelchair in the sunlight , look on '' the old man kibitze in german , the woman gossipe . until ... big shot of the barn-raise with the noon sun high overhead ... at least a hundred and fifty man be swarm over and about the barn framework ... ... some aid the rafter , some haul lumber to the job , other saw , hammer , drilling , join , plane and what - all ... so many that the barn seem almost to be rear up before we very eye . and there be not a power tool in sight . women' area as Rachel cross near the bench ... we can see other woman eyeing she , whisper among themselves , some tittering . Rachel ignore they . she join the stoutly amiable Mrs. yoder from the funeral sequence earlier . the older woman be empty a big pan of fry chicken into serve platter . she smile , obviously like Rachel . mrs . yoder everyone have a idea about you and the English . rachel all of they charitable , I be sure . mrs . yoder hardly any of they . angle '' the roofbeam Book and hochstetler astride the roofbeam stud , hold they together prior to nail they to the roof-beam . they be , therefore , crotch to the mast and face one another , way out at the far end of the roof . suddenly , as hochstetler raise he hammer , the stud start to part , threaten to de - ball the both of they . hochstetler drop he hammer , grab both side of the roof with incredible brute strength , and , literally , pull it back together . Book stare at hochstetler with nothing short of awe . hochstetler , strain and grin , look to Book : hochstetler nail it ! book yes , sir . and he do nail it while hochstetler , grin and hold , look on . dissolve to : big shot the barn be do , the workmen climb down from the rafter . it 's late afternoon . angle on book he hesitates . his face be pale and cover with sweat . the exertion of the day have take its toll . he 's in danger of fainting and be some forty foot above the ground . but he 's determine it will not happen , determine that he will not fall , nor will he humiliate himself by call for help . hochstetler guess the situation . he move beside Book , clap a arm about he , say nothing , do not even look at Book . from below , someone tell they to hurry up . hochstetler shout : hochstetler we admire we work ! the moment pass for Book , and he 's okay . hochstetler remove he support arm . Book look he in the eye , nod he appreciation almost imperceptibly . hochstetler want no thanks , and Book know it . hochstetler give he a resounding slap on the back , and start climb down . Book follow . ext . zook farm '' lancaster county '' evening the gather have congregate to hear Bishop tschantz offer up a bless on the new barn . congregation panning the face as they listen to the heavy german word roll out over the still evening air . Book stand a little to one side of the amish . the prayer he cannot share with they . Rachel be aware of this , feel something of he emotion . she look toward he , then she too close she eye and drift away from he , into the soothing prayer . CUT to : ext . lapp farm '' night Book stand outside , listen to the night sound . he turn , walk up toward the porch . ext . porch '' tarp farmhouse '' night Book take a seat in a chair , sigh , look toward the night sky . there be a SOUND , but it 's a moment before he turn he eye toward the door . angle '' the door Samuel stand there in he nightshirt . back to scene as Book lean forward in he chair . book hey , Sam ... SAMUEL ... I want to say a thing . book ( sit up ) what 's that , Sam ? the boy hesitates , hold for a time , then suddenly dart across to Book , wrap he arm around he , hug he tightly ... then break away , turn and run hack into the house , leave the door open behind he . angle '' book look after the boy , genuinely move . after a moment , he speak softly : book same to you , Sam . after another moment , he get up , move to close the door that Samuel have leave open behind he . another angle '' book from the light / shadow area outside the door . he come to the door , start to close it , then hesitates , look into see where the light be come from . he look down the corridor . the light be obviously come from the kitchen . he speak softly : book Sam ? no answer . Book step inside , pull the door shut behind he , move down - the corridor toward the kitchen . int . lapp washhouse '' night where Rachel , dress only in a plain cotton camisole , be pour a pail of steaming water into a tub . she replace the pail on the stove , turn and slip out of she camisole . nake , she fold the garment across the back of a chair . then she pause , contain a startle intake of breath . rachel be Pov '' frying pan the gleam bottom of a large copper skillet hang over the stove with other cookware , we can see Book 's image reflect there , frame in the kitchen doorway . back to scene Rachel hesitates for a moment '' and in that moment she make a choice . slowly she turn , to face he , without shame , meeting he eye . and for a moment she attempt something : a look , a flash of eve ... a lovely , heartbreakingly innocent effort to become , for a instant , a woman of Book 's world . book as he stand in the doorway , willing himself to leave , unable to make it happen . and suddenly the moment have pass . Rachel lower she eye , pick up the camisole , cover herself with it without put it on , look away . book tightening to he , and ... CUT to : ext . lapp farm '' dawn reestablishing ... angle '' hen yard where Rachel be scatter feed to the chicken . a beat , then Book approach from behind she . a moment , as she sense he presence . Book watch as Rachel begin to gather the egg , place they in the fold of she apron . when he speak , he speak softly , and she pause in she work . book last night . she go very still , but keep she back to he . book if ... we would make love , then , I could not leave . she lower she head slightly , but remain turn away from he . Book continue to stare at she . ext . rural road '' lancaster county '' day the lapp carriage on a wind lane . int . buggy ( moving ) Rachel be drive , Book sit next to she . Samuel be in the back , look out the rear window and not pay any attention to the adult . a beat , then a large produce truck roar past they . it 's all Book can do to keep from flinching . Rachel stare straight ahead . Book glance at she . book maybe I ought to learn to drive this thing . Rachel say nothing . book ( beat ) pick myself up another useful skill . now Rachel can not help but smile . she look at he . and ... ext . angle we can see the lapp buggy approach a rural intersection , another buggy approach at right angle . int . lapp buggy as Rachel eye the other buggy through the windshield . rachel Samuel , who be that ? Samuel check out the buggy . SAMUEL it look like hochstetler 's mare . ext . angle as the lapp buggy pass the intersection and the hochstetler buggy swing in behind they . then the hochstetler buggy , come on at a faster clip , start to pass the lapp buggy . int . lapp buggy as Rachel wave at the occupant of the other buggy ; Daniel return she greeting : book ( teasing she ) uh oh , they be leave we behind . Rachel give he a look , and ... give the rein a flick '' the race be on . race montage hochstetler have a couple of older folk on board , together with he young sister '' at first they be not aware of the race , until Daniel can contain he excitement no longer and give he horse a couple of whoops . the buggy be neck and neck , and the older people be not protest loudly . it 's all Book can do to refrain from grab the rein off Rachel , but she 's something of a horsewoman and finally she gain the edge and pull ahead of hochstetler , to the cheer of Samuel and Book . ext . salzburgstore '' day it 's a Saturday afternoon in the tourist season , and they be everywhere '' take shot of anything amish . there 's a rowdy young element amongst they who be make they presence fast , and generally make a nuisance of themselves . Book and Rachel get out of the buggy . Samuel stay inside ; the crowd make he nervous . a huge tourist bus billow smoke pull up nearby . Rachel enter the store , but before Book can follow he 's stop by a tourist lady with a instamatic camera ... she waggle the camera at he ... tourist lady could I ... ah , you know ? book ( smile ) Lady , if you take my picture , I will rip you brassiere off and strangle you with it . the Tourist Lady stare at he in stunne disbelief , she grin freeze on she face . then she begin to scuttle back from whence she come . int . store Rachel be browsing among the stock shelf in the company of a young amish woman , ellie beiler . Rachel be carry ellie 's tiny baby , and the infant be get as much attention as the shopping . Book be stand at a wall pay phone in the b.g. we tighten to he , and ... book Lieutenant elton Carter , please . a beat , then we hear the filter voice of the Philadelphia Police Department switchboard : voice be you a member of the family ? book what ? I be a friend of he . voice I be sorry . last night sergeant Carter be kill in the line of duty ... Book hang up . his breathe be throw out by the shock of the news and he take a couple of deep breath to regain control . he hesitates , unsure of he next move . he make to move away , then he turn back , find more coin and dial a second number . int . hallway , schaeffer' home '' day schaeffer 's wife answer the phone ; she be momentarily shocked . she call for she husband , then make polite conversation . mrs . schaeffer how be you , John ? Paul schaeffer appear , slightly irritate at be call away from the Saturday afternoon game . mrs . schaeffer ( cover mouthpiece ) John Book ! schaeffer I will take it in the study . int . study / store '' day schaeffer take the phone . schaeffer you can hang up , dear . we hear the click of the other phone , book you make a mistake , Paul . you should not have take elton out . schaeffer ( beat ) how bad do Mac get you ? we figure pretty bad . book I be fine . I be go to live a long time . that 's what I call to tell you . schaeffer ( quickly ) johnny '' book you might want to pass it along to Mac . schaeffer ( urgently ) listen to I , johnny . come in ! you be out there all alone ... we be get close ... real close ... maybe if you listen to I for a minute we can work something out so you can come in '' book I have already get something work out . ( and ) be see you . Book hang up the phone and the dead click register on schaeffer . Book have grip the phone so tightly that it take a second to unclench he fist . then it take something else to resist he first impulse , which be to smash out at something ... train . get it under control . deal rationally with the situation . he straighten he jacket , wipe the sweat / tear from he eye , turn and walk stiffly out of the saltzburg General store . int . buggy '' MAIN STREET '' saltzburg '' day Book , as Rachel eye he . she have notice he change mood , but do not ask about it . he stare straight ahead , oblivious to the surroundings of the street , now crawl with tourist and traffic . ext . narrow side STREET '' saltzburg '' day the buggy turn into the side street . some hundred yard ahead another buggy be stop in the middle of the road '' several youth gather about it . a pickup truck be stop , face the buggy . int . lapp buggy '' day as Rachel approach the scene , slow down and finally stop . Rachel be at first puzzle , then make a small face , look at Book . Rachel put a restrain hand on Book 's arm . rachel do nothing . this happen from time to time . she sense he about to get out , grip he arm tightly . rachel it 's not we way , John . we will have nothing to do with violence ! John ! Book shake free , get out and slowly walk toward the ... ext . hochstetler buggy '' day hochstetler and he family sit , impassive , ignore various jeer and taunt from the English lad '' various joke about they be dirty etc . one jab a ice cream cone into hochstetler 's forehead , which leave a curious white circle on he forehead . another fool about with the horse cause it to shy . a third notice the slow , sure , approach of John Book . youth here come another one ! Book stop , he path block by the third youth . the youth flick off Book 's hat . book ( quietly ) you be make a mistake . hochstetler call from he buggy . hochstetler everything be all right , John . book ( to the youth ) pick up the hat . the youth momentarily unsure '' something about Book 's tone of voice . the youth do pick up the hat , crumple it , stamp on it , and put it back at a crazy angle on Book 's head . a pause , then Book explode . the kid never know what hit he or where it come from , he hit the road surface already unconscious . a second youth grab Book from behind . a mistake . Book be smash into he , spatter of blood from he nose fly in all direction . he 's hit too hard , too often . it 's schaeffer he 's hit . hochstetler be pull he away , Rachel be there too . a crowd be gather , but as suddenly as it begin it 's over . Book shake hochstetler off he , straighten he hat , and in a kind of daze , begin walk past the scene in the direction of the lapp farm . the youth be pick up they wounded , help they back to they truck , aid by none other than hochstetler . a old local address Rachel . local man never see anything like that in all my year . rachel ( cover ) he 's from ... Ohio ... my cousin . local man we will , they Ohio amish sure must be different . ( address a gather crow ) we lancaster brethren , they just do not have that kind of fight in they . rachel John , lose control of himself . he ... will be repentant . local man ( to Rachel ) you be Rachel lapp , be not you ? rachel yes. Samuel ! we be go . a second man call from the pickup . second man kid 's nose be break ! local man we will take he up the hospital . good - day to you , Mrs. lapp. ( he shout after she ) this be not good for the tourist trade , you know ! you tell that to you Ohio cousin ! but Rachel be already steering past the scene and follow the by now distant figure of John Book . ext . barn / carpenter' shop '' dusk Book come out of the carpenter 's shop carry the repair birdhouse on its pole in one hand , a shovel in the other . Rachel be shepherd the milk cow toward the barn . rachel you should not bother with that birdhouse . ( a beat ) if you be leave tomorrow . book I be leave tonight . ( and ) I be go to need my clothes . and my gun . she nod , look away ... look back at he twice in glance . there be a moment when it appear she might either bark at he or begin to weep . he wait . when she do turn to he , she speak softly : rachel there be a time when I think you might have stay . book ( hesitate ... then ) there be . rachel there be a time when I would have welcome it . book ( after a beat ) I know . rachel ( ask ) I be be foolish ? book no. ( and ) I be be unrealistic . even think about live this life . rachel you be so sure of that ? book be not you ? after today ? rachel ( almost concede it , but ... she voice rise a bit , annoyed ) I be not so sure of anything as you be , John Book . you could live this life if you want to bad enough . ( a beat ) just as I could live yours ! book ( almost groan ) oh , come on , Rachel . no way . rachel there be always a way ! but you be such a ... a glotzkopp you can not see ! you would rather go back to that city ! to nothing ! no woman ! no child ! no land ! book ( now get annoyed ) land ! be you crazy ? I be no amishman and I be no farmer ! I be a cop . that 's what I know and that 's what I do ! rachel what you do be take vengeance ! which be a sin against heaven ! book that 's you way , not mine . rachel that 's God 's way ! book well in the City of Philadelphia , God need a little help ! he have offended she , immediately know it , but can not bring himself to make a instant apology . but he 's chew on it when she take the moment unto herself . she pull herself up , speak with great dignity : rachel I could never love a man who be so ... little . he look at she , sad -ey , he anger ebbing and go , realize that he will never meet a finer woman ... never even get close to such a one . he appear to start to speak , but then do not . she turn , move away a few step , stop , look back at he . she hold for a moment , blink tear , then speak with some difficulty , emotion welling in she word . rachel the other night ... when you see I after my bath ... I ... I try to look as I think you would want a woman to look . ( sadly ... but with a slight , proud lift of chin ) I be sorry ... that I do not . she hold for a instant , then turn and walk off . book look after she . a face full of loss . int . kitchen '' dusk eli be lighting the lamp . Samuel read a book at the kitchen table . Rachel move slowly to the sink and begin wash a few dish . she look out the window . close on she face , a strange expression . int . / ext rachel be Pov '' dusk the distant figure of Book work on the birdhouse . int . kitchen close on Rachel 's hand , lift item slowly up and of the water to the drain board , where she place they carefully down . she shake the water off she hand . close on she face , still stare fixedly out the window . she speak without turn around . rachel eli , would you see Samuel to bed ? the old man glance at she ; this be not they routine . ext . driveway '' dusk in the rapidly fade light , Rachel walk slowly toward Book . close on she face , stare straight ahead toward Book . angle on Book , close . he turn and watch Rachel 's approach . big wide angle the light now nearly go , the night sound beginning , as Rachel reach Book and they embrace . ext . field by road '' night Book and Rachel in a passionate embrace , sink to the still warm earth and make love . ext . soudersburg cafe '' lancaster county '' night establishing a all - night cafe in the early hour of the morning . tightening to the bleakly light window . int . care a booth , where schaeffer and mcelroy and fergie , a lancaster County undersheriff and he sheriff '' a expansive politician type '' be seat . the undersheriff eye schaeffer narrowly . the sheriff have a county map spread out on the table , amid breakfast dish , point direction to schaeffer : sheriff there ... White oak Road a couple of mile before it tie into two -twenty - two . get it ? schaeffer get it . we owe you one , sheriff . sheriff my man holme here put it together . Fine officer , Chief . he speak to the doctor at the hospital . schaeffer undersheriff holme and I have talk on the phone . ( nod at holme ) good work . undersheriff sure you do not want we to post some backup unit ? schaeffer if we need any help , we will give you a shout . I would like to slip in there quiet , then get out before we attract any attention . ext . cafe porch '' day as schaeffer and he man be climb into they car . holme and the sheriff watch after they . holme maybe I will take a drive over that way . sheriff let them be . it 's they dirty laundry . but holme pause to watch schaeffer 's car pull out . ext . rural lane '' lancaster county '' dawn with the first light of dawn on the eastern horizon , schaeffer 's car approach along the lane , pull into the lapp driveway and come to a halt . in the b.g. we can make out the farmhouse and outbuilding . hold as schaeffer , mcelroy and fergie step out of the car . they break out short - barrel twelve - gauge pump , start toward camera , spread out as they turn up the long driveway ... figure of ominous intent stride through the misty dawn . angle go with the trio of gunman ... mcelroy , breath smoking in the chill , eye the terrain : mcelroy weird , man . no fuckin ' electricity . what do you figure they plug all they shit into ? schaeffer they do not have any shit . int . kitchen '' dawn where eli be get into a heavy coat , prepare to go out ... the remain of the hearty morning breakfast be on the table . Rachel be beginning the dish . int . barn '' dawn Book and Samuel be start the morning milk ... int . kitchen '' dawn eli be prepare to extinguish the lamp when suddenly the kitchen door be kick open and mcelroy and fergie weapon levele , burst in . eli react with angry shock as schaeffer enter : Rachel be , for a moment , terrify . schaeffer ( to fergie ) outside '' ( to Mac ) check out the rest of the house . he turn to eli , who be stand in the middle of the room . schaeffer flash he badge : schaeffer we be police officer . we be look for a fugitive , John Book . he 's live here ? eli I have nothing to say to you . get out of my house ! schaeffer you speak English . good . now listen '' rachel ( recover ) no , you listen . get out ! schaeffer Lady , I be here to help you . this man be very dangerous . a armed criminal . ( ingratiate ) he 's get a gun , have not he ? rachel you have no right here ! mcelroy re-enter . mcelroy he 's not in this building . schaeffer ( to eli ) all right , where be he ? suddenly eli shout : it 's deafen . probably the loudest noise eli have ever make : eli John Book ! mcelroy whip around , smashes eli on the temple with the butt of he shotgun . eli crumple to the floor . Rachel scream , run to eli. int . barn '' day Book and Samuel in the milkhouse . they have hear eli 's outcry . Book move to the window , look out . book be Pov '' fergie about halfway between the barn and the house . he turn from glance back toward the house ( have hear eli 's shout ) and start again toward the barn . gun at the ready . int . barn '' day as Book react . int . kitchen '' day Rachel kneel next to eli , wiping at he bruise with a damp cloth . schaeffer look on . schaeffer he will live . rachel you might have kill he ! schaeffer ( to mcelroy ) find fergie , check the barn . I will watch this two . mcelroy nod , move outside , turn toward the barn . int . barn '' day Book still at the window , Samuel now beside he , try to get a look . SAMUEL be it they ? book ( turn , mind racing ) it 's they , Sam . ( he bend to the boy , take he by the shoulder ) now , Sam , listen to I and listen to I carefully . listen to I as you never listen before . SAMUEL ( interrupt ) be they go to kill you ? book listen to I , Sam ! I want you to go across the new corn to stoltzfus ' . run as fast as you can . and stay there ! SAMUEL what be you go to do ? book I will be all right . you just do as I say . he take Samuel by the hand , lead he to the side door . he bend , hold the boy close . SAMUEL do not let they hurt you . book ( rise , push Samuel toward door ) I will not . now run . ( as Sam look back ) fast as you can ! Sam turn , take off . ext . rear door '' day Samuel run . ext . barn '' day fergie almost to the upper barn , mcelroy '' well back and move slowly , circumspectly '' head toward the lower barn . int . barn '' day Book , at another window in the lower barn , see mcelroy head for the milkhouse door . he can not see fergie . he turn , cross the cowpen area , climb a inner ladder lead to the upper barn . ext . barn '' day fergie at the door to the upper barn , move very cautiously , gun up . he ease around the doorpost , look within . int . barn '' angle past book Beyond Book , now at the top of the ladder , we see fergie ease into the barn . Book pull himself up , crawl behind the wall of the mule stall , open gate , ease in beside luke , urgently whisper and patting the animal to calm he . he get to the animal 's head , crouch , stroke luke 's nose . the mule 's huge flank quiver , he nostril 's and eye widen , but he make no untoward sound . Book close the gate . back to fergie he come on warily , muzzle first , eye darting . dollying with he as he reach the first mule 's stall , open the gate . a edgy mule turn , eye he , shuffles nervously . fergie back off , move on . book as he listen , tense , hearing fergie 's foot in the fresh straw . Book ease back alongside luke , wait . back to fergie as he approach luke 's stall , reach for the gate-latch . book '' flash CUT as the gate swing open , Book shout and give luke a whack on the back . the mule 's pent - up nerve and feral energy explode in a horrendous scream . fergie bowl backwards by the rear animal as the gate fly open , involuntarily firing , suddenly find himself under the lethal hoof of a twelve-hundred pound beast . stagger backwards , he scream , fire again , the load strike the mule in its heaving chest as a flail hoof smashes into fergie 's head and the other hoof snap he shotgun in half like a matchstick . book as he slip out of the stall , duck toward the rear of the barn . fergie fall , skull smashed ... and now the die luke 's leg buckle and he collapse atop fergie . ext . barn '' day mcelroy stand still , shock -ey , look toward the sound of the shot . then start slowly forward . schaeffer on the porch of the house , look toward the barn . ext . field '' day some distance from the barn , Samuel 's hearing the shot , stop dead in he track ... the sound of the shot still reverberating across the quiet field . SAMUEL ( stricken ) Mr. Book ? he hesitates , then turn , start trot back toward the barn . ext . / int . kitchen porch '' day Rachel have move into the open kitchen door , glance anxiously toward the barn . start out . schaeffer push she back . schaeffer get back in there . rachel my son be out there ! schaeffer nobody 's go to hurt you son ... ext . barn '' day as mcelroy , check the safety on he twelve - gauge , step into the barn . int . barn '' day mcelroy flatten himself against the wall , look around fearfully . mcelroy ( softly ) fergie ? only silence . ext . front porch '' day schaeffer stare toward the barn , shout : schaeffer what the hell happen ? he listen , hear nothing , snort , start toward the barn check he gun , not hurry . int . kitchen '' day eli now seat at the table , hold a cloth to he head . Rachel at a window , peer out . schaeffer on the porch ext . field '' day Samuel run as fast as he can trip as he cross a small muddy stream , fall full length , scramble up , run on . int . barn '' day mcelroy , move very cautiously , come around the mule stall , stop short , stare off screen . he Pov '' fergie where he lie half bury beneath the huge bulk of the mule , he head crush like a eggshell . back to mcelroy as he move on around fergie and the dead mule , plant each foot as if he be walk in a mine field . book stand in shadow at the back of the barn next to a hay mow . he Pov '' mcelroy move toward the center of the barn . book as he start to move even further back , he nudge into a rope fastened to the wall behind he , he look at it , look up . he Pov '' the rope it run from where it be fastened to the wall straight up to the center roofbeam of the barn to a trolley fix to a track that run the length of the roofbeam . attach to this trolley be a big hayfork ( Paul krantz have one ) , U -shape , sharply - point at each end of the U. the point hang toward the floor . the thing weigh about eighty pound , and be suspend in place by the rope anchore at the wall next to Book . back to book keeping one eye on mcelroy , he carefully begin to un - tie the trip rope . mcelroy move out toward the center of the barn , almost under the suspend hay fork . he stop short , listen . then , either spot a move shadow or hearing a SOUND , he fire . his shot rattles off the side of a manure spreader . he shout : mcelroy Book , you sneaky bastard , I know you be here ! come out and fight ! ext . barnyard '' day Samuel , at the top of the barnyard , stop at the SOUND of the shot , wide - eye . he listen for an-instant , start a step toward the barn , then stop again , look to a large bell suspend in a cupola by one of the outbuilding . he move quickly to the bell , seize the rope , pull . the bell clang loudly , sonorously . schaeffer on the front porch , look around for the location of the sounding bell . he take a step toward the barn , the stop , look back toward the house ... frustrated . int . barn '' day Book watch as mcelroy start to move again look back toward the sounding of the bell . high angle '' hay fork look down we can see mcelroy almost directly beneath the hay fork . the bell sounding throughout . book wait ... trip rope in hand . then : book ( shouting ) hey , Mac ! and he let go the trip rope . mcelroy as he turn toward the SOUND of Book 's voice . hay fork as it plummet down , cause a ratcheting SOUND that fill the barn , even drown out the SOUND of the bell . mcelroy eye darting wildly , look up . he Pov '' hay fork plung straight for he . mcelroy dive to one side . angle '' hay fork thudding into the barn floor like a great trident fork . quivering there , not a foot from mcelroy 's head . mcelroy stare at the fork pop-ey . book sprint toward a ladder thrust up through a open in the barn floor just in front of he park car . mcelroy spot Book , come up to one knee , quick -aim , firing . the shot smashes the windshield of the car . book dive , roll , slamm into the top of the ladder , flail down out of sight . mcelroy firing again , then again . empty the gun , cursing as he begin to reload , get to he foot , start toward the ladder . the bell still sounding outside . the hood of the car slowly pop up . angle as mcelroy wheel at the movement of the car 's hood , fire twice . mcelroy' Pov '' lapp buggy the buckshot virtually blow the dashboard off . ext . barnyard '' day Samuel ringing the bell . the bell rope be short , and so be Samuel and he foot go off the ground with every swing of the rockerarm . he hang on grimly , he black hat cling to the back of he head , he face set against the tear that move down he cheek . schaeffer come hesitantly down the path toward the barn , look toward the sound of the bell , but also look back in glance toward the house to make sure Rachel and eli stay where they be . he still can not see Samuel . he Pov '' the porch as Rachel start off the porch , take a few step . schaeffer turn , shout : schaeffer you stay put ! rachel she stop . she be also unable to see Samuel . schaeffer move out toward the barn , round a corner ... and there be Samuel at the bellrope . he start toward he . ext . field '' day Beyond Samuel , well out in the field of the stoltzfus farm , stotlzfus and other '' include hochstetler and he brother '' be baling the first cut of June hay . but the operation have come to a halt . all be look in toward the lapp farm , hearing the ringing of the bell ( the amish cry for help ) , wonder , hesitate . but now , as we watch , lead by hochstetler , they start in toward Samuel . ext . barnyard '' day as schaeffer reach Samuel , shout : schaeffer cut that out ! Samuel look at he , keep on pull . schaeffer quickly cross to he , grab he by the back of the neck , try to pull he off the bell rope . Samuel hang on grimly . schaeffer yank hard , succeed in yanking Samuel free , shove he roughly aside . then schaeffer turn , fire a shotgun blast into the top of the bellrope . it still hang by several thread , so he fire again . the rope drop to the ground . schaeffer reload , turn to look at Samuel , just get to he foot . a moment ... when schaeffer , recognize Samuel as the amish kid who see mcelroy kill Zenovich , perhaps think of dispose of the witness right then and there . but a glance toward the oncoming amish give he pause . he snarl at Sam : schaeffer get down to the house and stay there ! Samuel get to he foot , turn , trot off . rachel already halfway out to the barn , run to gather Sam in she arm ... then to lead he back toward the house . schaeffer turn , start very slowly toward the barn . int . barn '' day mcelroy at the top of the ladder , look down . then ease over , place he foot on the rung . book he stand below in a cowpen , use the cow for cover . the cow stare balefully at he . a large goat nuzzle he , hook at he with its horn . Book wait , watch . he Pov '' mcelroy visible to he knee as he ease down the ladder . he stop at every rung to scrape he shoe free of the cowshit cover the rung . back to book he turn now to a door at the back of the pen . he un -hook it , pull it open , move inside . another angle '' book he be now in a small passageway give on to the entrance to a nearly - empty silo . above the entrance , a ladder ( interior ) rise to the top of the structure . Book look in , and up . we should get the impression that Book 's be here before , expect what he see . what he sees forty foot up , a patch of blue sky through a open hatch . back to book he step through to the base of the ladder , then duck beyond it into the silo . there be about two foot of old silage cover the floor . he turn , look up the white wall . he Pov '' inside silo a inside ladder run to the top . he Pov '' kickboard stand against the wall next to the entrance ... . obviously to be insert as the silo be fill . book now , quickly , he duck back out through the entrance , cross to the door to the cowpen , very cautiously peer out .. what he sees mcelroy at the bottom of the ladder , look in the other direction ( toward the milkhouse ) . back to book very carefully he shove the cowpen door ( which open outward into the cowpen ) . it begin to swing very slowly open . Book immediately turn , dart back into the silo . mcelroy turn slowly toward the cowpen ... then fire twice as he eye catch the motion of the swinging door . his shot blow half a row of eli 's precious tool off a adjacent wall . mcelroy reload , start across toward the door . int . kitchen Old eli , at the sight of Samuel , rise from the table . eli praise gott ! Rachel stand aside as the old man embrace Samuel long and hard . she watch as he turn to the cupboard , take down the big family Bible . he cross to the table , set the book down , place he hand on its pull Samuel to the table beside he . Rachel hold another beat as she stare at the old man helplessly , then she rush to where she hide Book 's gun , take it down ... she tremble hand take the bullet out of the coffee jar . she drop several as she try to figure out how to open the chamber to load it . in the b.g. , eli glance up , see what she be about ... he rise and cross to she . Samuel watch from the table . eli ( fiercely ) no , Rachel ... rachel I have to help he ! Rachel somehow manage to open the chamber and begin to try to load the bullet . eli 's calluse hand close over hers , halting the action : eli it be not we way ! bullet be already clatter to the floor from she tremble finger as she raise she eye to eli' . a long beat as Rachel look at he ... finally she finger release the pistol and it clatter to the floor . she close she eye . Samuel , who have get up , move to a window , watch eli and Rachel silently . eli lead she to the table , place she hand on the Bible beneath he . they stand there and they pray . int . silo '' day Book finish put the kickboard into the entrance . mcelroy move among the cow , step cautiously between the cowflop . the goat nudge he once , then butt he rather firmly . mcelroy swat at he with the gun butt , move to the door . as he arrive , he hear a noise '' very slight '' from the direction of the silo . he enter the passage way , look in toward the silo entrance , he hesitates . another slight noise . he step in to the base of the inner ladder , look up . he Pov '' the hatch the patch of blue sky , forty foot up . back to mcelroy he frown , reach out , grab a rung . int . barn '' day schaeffer , ease toward the mule stall , mutter , curse under he breath . then he round the corner of the first stall ... and there be fergie with luke the mule on top of he . schaeffer stare , blink ... move on spot a spend shotgun shell near the hayfork ... int . silo '' day Book listen at the kickboard . sound of foot , shotgun rattling against metal rung , Book move to the ladder on he side , start silently up . mcelroy climb with difficulty , shotgun clutch in one hand . book he climb up to the second kickboard , pause , check the distance to the floor , start upward again . barn yard '' day the amish beginning to arrive . Sam come run , pull stoltzfus toward the door of the milkhouse as the other amish look at the shot - shattered bellrope . Rachel and eli come rapidly up the path toward the group . int . barn '' day schaeffer find another spend shotgun shell , cross to the ladder , look down . he set he shotgun down , take out he service revolver , start down . int . silo '' day Book have reach the third kickboard , about thirty foot from the ground . he check it , turn the thumb -screw that hold it in place , place he hand on the handle , move to one side as best he can ... hang there , listen . mcelroy rattling up the other ladder , approach the third kickboard . book listen tensely , hearing mcelroy arrive on the other side of the kickboard . then , deliberately , Book make a fist , rap on the board smartly once . mcelroy startle , reacting . he set he foot , lean back against the back wall of the ladder well , bring the shotgun up , put the muzzle against the kickboard , click off the safety . book we hear with he the thump of the muzzle , the click ... and , with marvelous speed , Book pull the kickboard and drop it to the floor . mcelroy '' flash CUT stare in , stun -ey , already fall forward ( have lean he weight on the shotgun ) as Book seize the shotgun by the barrel , pull inward . another angle as mcelroy pitch forward through the open , scream and grab as he plunge past Book . the shotgun fire as mcelroy manage to hold onto Book , and both man plunge thirty foot to the bottom of the silo . book he fall almost straight down , land on he back , lie stunne . mcelroy his forward motion have carry he across the silo . his head bound off the white brick wall about five foot up ... and he fall in a heap , blood gush from he head , as ... tight on book blink , groan , just beginning to stir ... and , suddenly , into the frame come a hand with a pistol in it . the muzzle be place firmly against Book 's temple . wider schaeffer hold the pistol . he cock the pistol , tense as if to FIRE ( and he be actually about to ) ... when there be a SOUND behind he . he snap around . what he sees Old stoltzfus and Samuel stand in the kickboard open ( schaeffer have kick the kickboard in when he hear the shot from within the silo ) . they stand solemnly , look on as : schaeffer he ease the hammer down on this pistol , speak softly : schaeffer okay , johnny . on you foot . the scene as Book struggle to he foot '' schaeffer hold the pistol tight to Book 's head . Book turn , see Samuel and stoltzfus , blink . schaeffer shove Book toward the open . as Book move toward Samuel , he speak quietly : book it 's okay , Sam . another angle as Book and mcelroy move out of the silo , down the passageway toward the milkhouse , stoltzfus and Sam ( after a glance in at the inert mcelroy ) follow and ... ext . barn '' day as first stoltzfus and Samuel , then Book and schaeffer emerge into the barnyard . schaeffer have the muzzle of he pistol press firmly against Book 's throat , just below he jaw . schaeffer pull up , frown : schaeffer hold it . what he sees the amishman gather '' the stoltzfus family , the hochstetler brother , et al . all stare hard at schaeffer and Book . ext . barn / drive '' day from a high wide angle the final scene be play out . schaeffer and Book , now move again slowly up the drive , the amish follow along closely on both side . close on book as schaeffer prod Book forward , warily eyeing the amish . schaeffer get back , you people ! ( prodding ) keep move , johnny ... Book take a couple of step further , then abruptly stop . the amish stand about close , stare , no one move . Book now slowly turn he head , look at schaeffer . book you be go to have to do it right here , schaeffer . schaeffer do not try I , johnny ! eli step forward , bloody cloth hold to he head . eli so ... will you kill we all , then ? angle as schaeffer 's eye waver between Book and eli , Book slowly turn until he be face schaeffer ... the gun now levele '' and almost press against '' Book 's chest . Book lock eye with schaeffer . quietly : book it 's all over , Paul . schaeffer move ! or you die right here ! Book 's right hand snake out , grab schaeffer by the gunhand wrist , twist viciously , schaeffer scream in pain , the gun fall out of he hand , he start to he knee under the force of Book 's grip . another angle as Book bend , pick up the pistol , release schaeffer , push he away . schaeffer stagger against hochstetler , who '' partly to keep he from fall , and partly ( it appear ) to congratulate he on he surrender '' wrap one brawny arm around schaeffer 's shoulder , give he a short approve nod ... hold schaeffer as : book turn , look into the crowd , find Rachel . they gaze meet , hold for a long moment . in the eye of both we read resignation ... whatever there be between they have be terribly damage . it be almost certainly over for they , too . ext . barn '' day high shot hold the moment . ext . lapp farm '' late afternoon the door open and Book step out , look somehow strange in he work suit . he look about he , see Samuel down by the pond . ext . pond he ease down beside Samuel . they both stare into the pond . SAMUEL be you really ever come back ? book get to , Sam . you and I be go to a courthouse together , put some people behind bar . SAMUEL have you get you gun on now ? book sure have , Sam . Sam grin . Book take he in he arm , hold he . ext . house '' day Book open the door of the car , turn to find Rachel stand there with he amish hat in hand . rachel I want you to take this ... to remember by . book where 's my baggy pants ? rachel here . whenever you want they . he want to kiss she , but do not . they eye say it all . eli have a final word , shout from the porch . eli you be careful , John Book ! out among they English ! Book get quickly into the car . int . / ext . driveway '' lapp farm '' day as Book drive , he see a open buggy come down the hill toward the farm , he slow as he pass , it 's Daniel hochstetler . a long beat , and as they pass , hochstetler give Book a expansive tip of he hat . int . book's car Book turn to look back at he rival , a doubt in he eye . freeze frame . fade out the end