the sandlot kide smile ; and written by David mickey Evans & Robert gunter June 10 th , 1992 a fade kodachrome photo of the 9 best ( 11 - year-old ) buddy that ever live . on a makeshift baseball diamond - a sandlot ... circa 1962 : scotty small , studious - look ; alan " yeah - yeah " mcclennan , little , hyper ; hamilton " ham " porter , tubby with a huge kenny denunez , handsome bean pole ; tommy " repeat " timmon he brother timmy ; bertram grover week , wear inch - thick horn rim ; jeff " squint " palledorous , a transistor radio plug wedge in he ear ; and benny rodriguez , lean on scotty 's shoulder , sport the world 's all - time hot sneaker ... p.f. Flyers . one palm up , together like the 9 musketeer they be hold forward a baseball ... with a mysterious smudge . narrator everyone 's get that one summer when they be a kid ... a summer so perfect that it stay with they forever . it stay catch in time , like camelot . pause that summer be like a book with a million blank page that you get to fill with the great story you could ever dream up . ( beat ) this be a story about a legend . and for we , that summer be the one when the legend get make . we close in tight on the black smudge , which become : a series of b&w photo & stock footage GEORGE WASHINGTON crossing the delaware . daniel boone in address . macarthur set frontier buckskin . abe lincoln give the gettysburg frederick douglas orate from a podium . sitting bull in he splendor . the wright brother at Kitty Hawk - this photo blend to news reel stock footage of the actual launch . the follow also blend to stock : joe louis clobber max schmelling . jesse owen in the ' 32 olympic . albert einstein scrawling on a chalkboard . charle lindberg and he Spirit of St. Louis land in Paris . as the wait throng cheer wildly : narrator ( cont 'd ) everybody sometime in they life have meet a real live hero . ( more ) narrator ( cont 'd ) they be not exactly a dime a dozen , but there 's plenty of people who have do real great thing . but hardly anyone have ever meet a certified legend , because most of they be dead before they get vote one . chuck yeager in the X - 1 break the sound barrier . step ashore , pipe clench . jim thorpe play football . elvis presely on stage in hep - cat dud . neil armstrong foot on the moon . narrator ( cont 'd ) so , to actually be there at the moment one get make ... well , forget about it . it never happen . almost never ... to understand how it all get start , you have to go back ... we pull back from the moon - like a baseball in the sky . narrator ( cont 'd ) ...to the all - time , hand down , complete and undisputed legend that ever live . a baseball in someone 's hand . we pull back from it . narrator ( cont 'd ) in any language , in any country , in any world . the sultan of swat . the King of clout . the great bambino . you have to go back to ... babe RUTH be hold the baseball . narrator ( cont 'd ) ..- the Babe . ( beat ) there 's never be anyone great than the Babe . and when he call he famous full count homerun in the 1932 world series , he make sure he would live forever . the babe hit a homerun . settles into he signature , locomotive basepath chug . narrator ( cont 'd ) and it 's a good thing he become immortal , because without he , what happen that summer , absolutely never ( more ) narrator ( cont 'd ) would have happen . weird thing be , before I move to the neighborhood , I have no idea who he be . and he play a game I know nothing about . slo - mo - the babe cleat send up chalky dust at each step . his foot hit home plate - take we 30 year into the future . the Babe 's antiquated leather cleat become ... ext . dodger stadium - 1962 - day - stock ... the cleat of basepath speedster maury will . narrator fourteen year later , after the Babe be go , there be another guy who have something to do with the legend get make too . a guy who set a record that summer that be so awesome , some people still do not believe it . will take off , steal 3rd so fast that no one know he 's go . the pitcher fire to rd . the 3rd baseman glove the dirt . the umpire wing the air . umpire safe ! will ' cleat become the p.f. flyer sneaker of ... ext . elementary school - playground - 1962 - day ... benny rodriguez , as he step up to the plate . the pitcher fire . benny crank one deep to right . he tear around the basis like lightning ( this kid be real fast ) . he round 3rd . the ball come in home - cut he off . he 's catch in a pickle . from behind the chain - link backstop yeah -yeah , ham , denunez , repeat , timmy , bertram and squint come unglue and crowd the basepath . ham pickle ! benny pickle the catcher and 3rd baseman . he feint and rubba-leg " zooka they out of position . he sprint for home . safe ! just as he cross home plate squint pull he transistor radio ear plug out . squint thirty -one ! maury will just steal number thirty - one ! the on - field team throw they glove 9 different way in disgust . other team ( about benny ) crap ! can not beat that guy ! ya dufuse , why would ya get he in a pickle for ?! ya know he 's the damn pickle king ! rubba leg for sure ! truly rubba leg . benny join the gang they imitate the big leaguer ; skin five , spittin ' chaw-juice . yeah - yeah hand benny he glove . squint jot the stat in he pee-chee folder . squint game over . sixteen zip . murderer 's row remain undefeate . opponent hey ! we never get we up ! the lunch bell ring . the gang head across the playground back to the bungalow . opponent ( cont 'd ) all you mom wear boxer ! without look back , eight " bird " hit the air . nervous , new - kid scotty small student of have be watch nearby . ext . elementary school - drinking fountain - day just as Ham , squint and benny go for the 3 spigot , yeah - yeah tap each rapidfire : yeah-yeah milk-milk -pee . ham great , I be dyin ' a thirst and you pee I out ! benny Ham , it be not really . ham then switch with I . benny do I look stupid ? everyone drink from the 2 " un - curse " spigot . Ham last . as they turn to leave , scotty go for the fountain . the guy hang - wait for doom . scotty drink from the pee spigot ! the guy gag and faux - barf . scotty have no idea why they be laugh at he . narrator I move to the neighborhood about a month before school let out . I be from another state , and do not have a single friend in a thousand mile . int . classroom - day benny , Ham , scotty ( sit by himself ) and the other be clock watch . the bell ring . summer vacation ! the classroom empty ... papers circle to the floor from 35 depart cyclone . int . elementary school - hallway / entrance - day stream of excited kide spill into the corridor - a river scramble tennis shoe and clash lunch box at the entrance gate . scotty be book monster . " catch in the mayhem . he spie the 8 guy forging ahead . he follow they . narrator it be a lousy way to end up the 5th grade , ' cause I have zip time to make friend before summer . and that 's about where it all start ... ext . old redwood fence - foilage - day scotty sneak close around some dense bush , clutching and " John Glenn - freedom 7 " lunchbox . he step through the barrier ( a secret doorway in the fence ) onto the distant outfield of ext . the sandlot - day the gang 's homemade baseball diamond . they be : cleaning the bleacher with break broom . raking the infield with halve of tool . laying new chalk line with a hole box of detergent powder . clearing the outfield of leave , trash and stick . re-erecting a piece of ragged plywood in leave field - paint green and lettere " the Green panel scotty maintain cover and peruse the layout a row of house , whose backyard be all chain link fence . the fencing be trim individually in wood , bamboo etc ... one have the world 's coolest treehouse . next to it ... be the last house . this owner have cordon he backyard - tall of that green " tropical - look " privacy fiberglass lash to the fence . scotty remain undercover , but he 's bustin ' to join in . the gang never notice he . as they work : ham fifth grade 's history , man . a hundred day , man . a hundre day of baseball . all Day , everyday , as much as we can . that 's the best . timmy we get all summer . repeat we get all summer . benny let 's play . yeah-yeah yeah -yeah ... let 's play . the guy round up in the infield . as they play catch , they spread farther and farther apart ... until they have each take up the position they most like to play . they fit the paltry little diamond ; scrappy , happy kid . ext . the block - dusk tract home - everybody 's get a different thing go in the front yard . the guy ( san timmon ' ) split up toward they home - slappin ' glove , " so-long " for the night . narrator everyone but the timmon twin live on my new block . from he driveway scotty , shuttling move box to he garage , watch they go . narrator ( cont 'd ) they live in a house by the sandlot and have the world 's great tree house , because they dad be a contractor . from benny's porch benny be the last to go in . he see scotty watch . so , he nod ... just a little . the block clear to empty . the street lamp arc on , draw soft white circle on the sidewalk . from this height , they look like baseball dotting the neighborhood . narrator ( cont 'd ) even before I know any of they I envied that tree house ... int . benny's room - night a shrine to the pastime . pennant , magazine picture , game program , baseball card , a whole section of maury will , radiating from a picture of will catch in a pickle . narrator ... later , it would become second only to cape canaveral as a command post erector table , for history . ( beat ) when I move in that summer , I would never play baseball , but it be not too tough figure out who this guy ' heroes be . so , after a week of watch ... I figure baseball seem like the best way to get in with they . benny be in bed , oiling he glove , stare out he window at scotty 's house . tape to he footboard be the most important picture of all ... a picture of the Babe . int . scotty' room - night Jr. chemistry set . heath kit gadget . a unbelievable set contraption with little motor and stuff . a autograph picture of Mr. wizard . scotty 's pj'd at he erector set bother and unhappy . this stuff be too damn easy for he . he whip on a last bolt and connect the itty-bitty motor . switch on the contraption a tiny scoopelvator snatch up a white marble . drop it on a roller coaster track . the marble whip around corner and loop-da-loops ... land in a mini-catapult . another motor draw it back via a wind string . Boy scout camp - knife scissors ratchet in - snip the string - the catapult fire . the marble leap a little green fence and wonk ! ouuuhhh ! bean he mother ( having just come in ) right in the forehead . bedroom scotty wince at the shot . scotty sorry , Mom . mom I think we agree we would take this apart ... and not spend so much time in here . scotty ( feeling low ) I know - but it 's just nighttime . mom scotty , have you make any friend yet ? scotty no mom why not , honey ? scotty " Cause I be still " new . " mom honey , I do not want you sit in here all summer fiddling with this stuff , like you do last summer ... and the one before that . ( beat ) scotty , look at I . I know you be smart , and I be proud of you . but you have to get outside , you have to ... play . she sit across from he , try to get through . 10 mom ( cont 'd ) I want you to get out in the fresh air and make friend . run around and scrape you knee . get dirty . climb tree and hop fence . get in trouble for cry out loud . ( beat ) not too much , but some . you have my permission . now how many mother do you think say that to they son ? scotty none mother I guess . mom I want you to make friend this summer scotty . lot of they . scotty I know , but I do not - I be no good at anything . face it , Mom , I be just a egghead - mom - and you will always be just a egghead with a attitude like that . so promise I , alright ? scotty " Kay . mom maybe tomorrow you will make some friend . scotty yeah , maybe tomorrow . ( beat ) Mom ? do you think Bill - I mean dad - will teach I to play catch ? mom be you kid , he would love it , you know what a athlete he be in high school . ( altermnate line ) you know what a pitcher he be in high college . int . scotty' house - kitchen - night scotty slurp a glass of chocolate Quick . rinse the glass too carefully . gather courage for something . breathes deep start across the house . 11 int . scotty' house - hallway - night scotty peek through a slightly open door . bill move around inside , unpack box . scotty reach to knock . stop . almost walk away . then muster the gumption . knock . bill ( 0.s. ) yeah ... scotty take a few cautious step into ... int . bill be den - night ... a trophy room . ribbon , plaque , trophy . Bill must have be some athlete ; but he limp now . scotty linger ... gather more courage . narrator my real dad die when I be just a little kid . my mom marry Bill a year before we move to the neighborhood . ( beat ) at the time , he and I be still get use to each other . scotty um , dad - sorry , I mean Bill , remember you promise you would teach I to play catch ? bill um hum ... he dust a bat trophy . scotty well , could you teach I ? bill sure . he place a pitching plaque . scotty wait awkwardly . wait for more word . they do not come . scotty okay . great . thanks . bill um hum . scotty leave , bring the door with he on he way out . through the crack portal he see Bill set a silver pedestal on the main shelf . on this he set a baseball ... 12 just a baseball . int . scotty' room - the next morning scotty wake up . check he ( theme ) clock . 8:30 . he bolt out of bed . dash through the house to the front door . throw it open and run down to ... ext . scotty' house - day ... the sidewalk . fan sprinkler water all the lawn . Way far down the block he glimpse Ham , at the helm bakery truck , buy a donut , then scramble around the far corner . ham hey -hey , come on ! wait up - wait up ! scotty panic . run back inside and ... int . scotty' room - day ... strip off he cowboy pj' . redress . dig through he closet find a vinyl , " toy " baseball glove . it 's still in the package , with a note attach : " to scotty Boy - Love , grandma ! " it 's all he 's get . he shovel through a pair of mickey mouse ear - a cowboy hat - find the close thing he 's get to a baseball cap ... a long , duck - bill fishing cap with a big embroider trout . emerge sandlot ext . enroute to the sandlot - day scotty run by ( soon familiar place ) : a 5 & dime a boy club a little league field , where he slow momentarily , envious of the crisply uniform kid ... wow . move on down ext . the block of sandlot common house - day whose backyard we already know . scotty flat out stop at 13 the house with the fiberglass panel out back . scary place . ext . the sandlot - day scotty slip quietly through the secret fence doorway , in deep left field where he hug the perimeter , move slowly toward the common house . wind , scotty find the gang be already play " over the line . " narrator they never keep score . they never choose side . they never even really stop play the game ... it just go on forever . everyday they pick up right where they leave off the day before . it be a endless " dream game . " ( beat ) there be only 8 of they , so they do not have a whole team . it do not matter though ... benny be so good he take everyone 's position when it be there up . ( beat ) I do not know any of that then ... I just know they be have the time of they life and I want to be a part of it . scotty watch and listen ( as he go ) to the sharp , satisfy sound of the hardball , snapping cleanly in the oily leather of they glove . he look at he own toy glove ... how embarrassing . scotty continue around the perimeter , try to be see and become invisible . he go unwittingly closer to that green fiberglass panel . 14 denunez wind up and pitch to benny who connect big . crack ! scotty be come too close to the green fence . something have overcome he ... fear ! he stare with serious woolly at a hole in the fiberglass and see only dust rise in time with some great , sound of exhalation . and then , before he can draw any conclusion ... disaster . gang ( 0.s. ) hey ! look out ! duck ... of scotty whip a look up and see the fly ball come right at he . scotty track it , freeze stiff . scare shitless . at the past possible moment , he throw he arm over he face and social suicide . the ball bean he at the glove cover he noggin . scotty hit he butt . the ball roll a bit . come to a " I - dare - you " stop : right up against the disease fiberglass panel that preternatural fence . scotty pull he arm away from he face . the gang laugh uproariously . timmy Nice catch ! 15 repeat Nice catch ! ham hey ! throw the ball back ! yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , hurry up ! bertram we gotta a game here , man ! scotty move for the ball . as he go , he sweat : scotty " Kay , I will get it ! ( to himself ) do not be a goofus - do not be a goofus - do not be a goofus . he reach the fence and the ball and stop . it 's hard to move . the force emanate from the backyard have get he : dust through the hole in the fiberglass keep perfect time with the monster - breathe . a olenader BUSH move . it scare the live kapok out of scotty who snatch up the ball and back -pedal 10 foot . squint we're waiting ... he throw back the ball . and he chance of get in with this guy be over . because scotty ... throw like a girl ! the ball droops forward in the air . land 6 foot from he . roll slowly up to the gang , finally come to a dainty stop at denunez ' foot . the gang look from the ball to scotty ... they crack up ! 16 scotty walk away ... cry . scotty ( to himself ) my life be over . benny be the only one that be not laugh . he stare the other down . denunez come on , benny -man , do not you see that throw ? he imitate it , " flipping " he glove to Ham . the gang bust up again . ham ( truly stunned ) that kid 's get the gaw ' damn panty - waistiest arm I ever see in my whole life . squint I see a guy once that throw like that . I mean not that bad , but at least so bad that he hadda move in the fourth grade ' cause they nickname he " bloomer . " benny 's look stifles the bunch . benny I bet not one of you know how the Babe get he nickname . ham easy , ' cause of the way he look like a little kid face . bertram bull , it 's just ' cause he like kid and stuff . squint wrong . the Babe be call the Babe , because he be like the child of yankee Stadium . 17 benny I know it . you be all full of crap . George herman Ruth get he nickname because he mom die when he be just a little kid , and he hadda go live in a orphanage . silence . none of the other guy have hear this before . benny ( cont 'd ) nobody like he there . the bigger guy pick on he all the time . and when they mess with he he could not fight back , ' cause he be just ... like scared . so when they mess with he , he cry about it . ( beat ) he cry ... so they call he the Babe . this hit home real good . benny ( cont 'd ) how ya think that kid just feel ? benny exit the sandlot , leave the other with a lesson learn . narrator everyone know benny be different . nobody ever vote or anything , but he be the leader . ext . the block - dusk as benny go into he house , the other 's round the corner far behind he . the moon be up . full . like a big baseball . narrator even though he seem like a regular guy , he be not . benny be special , and he be loyal . ( beat ) pickle . scotty when they would all try out for youth league , they would all make it . but when they find out they would have to play on different team , benny tell them that if they could not play together , they should not play at all . so , they stay together . 18 ext./ int . benny's room - night benny's at the window , clutching a baseball , stare over at scotty 's house . narrator so , the only person that ever feel sorry for I ' cause I be such a weenie be Benjamin Franklin rodriguez . ( beat ) even though neither of we know it at the time , we be connect . like I have be bear for just that one moment when I would perform the world 's all - time boner , and benny would bail I out . ( beat ) connect as friend ... bear to meet for just that one moment . we drift off benny to he picture of maury will in a int . scotty' house - dine room - day a picture of maury will on a Post Super sugar crisp box . bill & scotty at the table . Bill sifting through mound of paperwork . eat breakfast . scotty 's spoon clang one too many time . Bill look up at he . scotty sorry ... scotty pick up he bowl and cereal , go into int . scotty' house - the kitchen - day where he mom be make coffee . mom ( quietly ) well ?... scotty he 's too busy , Mom . mom ( encouraging ) go back in there and ask . he will take the time . go on . 19 int . scotty' house - dine room - day scotty come back in . stop mutely near Bill . Long , agonizing second pass . finally : scotty um , Da - Quick look toward the kitchen , then : scotty ( cont 'd ) ( so Mom will not hear ) - I mean , Bill . could we ... I mean could you , like you say - teach I to catch today ? bill um , yeah , but later , okay ? I gotta get this do . it be not much , but it 's something . scotty okay , thanks . Mom come in behind scotty . mom Bill , can not you take a break and teach he now ? scotty Mom , it 's okay - ( nobody' listening ) bill honey , I say I would and I will . I be just under the gun here , ya know ? scotty Mom , really - mom - how long could it take ? you can not spare a half hour to show he ? Bill drop he pen . check he watch . a lose battle here . bill ( annoyed ) fine. alright . I will get my glove . come on . 20 Bill exit past they . scotty 's be " mom-embarrassed . " she look at he : mom ( clueless ) there . see. told you so . scotty shuffles out back , shaking he head . ext . scotty' house - backyard - day Bill slide he hand into he glove . he warm up the cradle , popping the " hardball " into the palm . scotty stand ready to " learn " on the other side of the yard . appropriately pitiful in " trout " cap and toy glove . backyard bill keep you eye on the ball . put the glove up where it go . okay ? scotty yeah , okay , I think so . Bill throw one to scotty . the toy glove go up to the right . the ball sail by to the leave . scotty ( cont 'd ) darn. sorry . Bill 's a little amaze at that one . he check he watch . bill that 's alright , just throw it back . scotty eagerly retrieve it . turn to throw - deja vu - he run over , hand Bill the ball . scotty here . he run back across the yard . turn 'round again . hold he glove up stiffly . scotty ( cont 'd ) okay . I be ready . Bill can not believe this . check he watch again . 21 bill keep you eye on the ball . put the glove up where the ball go . he throw again . the ball bounce off the toy glove - break the webbing . scotty darn . my glove get - bill - not bad . right side at least . now , just throw it back this time . scotty but my glove - Bill 's look at he watch again . scotty fetch the ball - gulp - " flip " it back . bill ( disbelief ) oh , my God . ext . the block - scotty' house - day benny come out of he house . from the sidewalk benny's Pov up the side of scotty 's house into the backyard . he can see scotty . only scotty . stand there game as hell , try to catch ball that seem to be come too fast . the ball come . scotty duck . the ball hit the block wall behind he , carome back toward where we assume Bill be throw from . benny be draw the wrong conclusion . ext . scotty' house - backyard - day scotty 's still game . Bill 's at rope end . check he watch again . bill alright , Scott , listen , this one 's gonna come right at you , easy , okay ? scotty " Kay . 22 bill just keep you eye on the ball and put you glove up . you will catch it . scotty okay . through bill throw . the ball come slowly forward . scotty stick he glove up . scotty' eye widen . the ball hit dead center glove . rip the " toy " webbing . fly and clout scotty right in the eye . bill bill oh my — ext . the block - scotty' house - day benny - God , whadda jerk ! int . scotty' house - kitchen - day scotty 's mom come unglue . mom Bill ! what happen ?! bill well , he - 23 raise scotty ( pride' sake ) - just take my eye off the ball , Mom . scotty 's mom pull he hand away from he eye . great shiner . Bill grab a steak from the fridge , flop it over scotty 's eye . bill there . keep that on for a hour . it will still be black , but it will not swell . ( beat ) sorry . we will try again soon . ext . scotty' house - day scotty emerge . sit on the porch . pitiful and forlorn . Chin in he hand , he look across the street . he start . his hand move to cover he black eye ... but he think the better of it . benny ' S on the curb across the street . a moment go by . benny a hand . scotty slowly wave back . both benny come over to scotty 's sidewalk . benny gonna go play some ball . need a extra guy . wanna go ? scotty naw . thanks . benny why not ? doncha like baseball ? scotty oh. yeah . but , ah ... benny but what ? scotty search for a quick way out of this . get it : 24 scotty but my glove 's bust . so , ya know , I can not go . thanks , though . benny reach behind he back . take something out of he jeans - like he 's go for a gun . smile a little . benny that 's okay . he offer it to scotty ... a " real " glove . benny ( cont 'd ) I get a extra one . scotty shout over he shoulder : scotty Mom ! I be gonna go play some ball ! as they move away down the block . scotty ( cont 'd ) thanks . cool glove . benny yeah . cool shiner . we gotta stop by the 5 & 10 first . need a new ball . and chaw and stuff , ya know ? scotty yeah . benny you dip chaw ? scotty ( completely clueless ) sure . a'course . ext . five & dime - day benny & scotty go inside . int . five & dime - day benny grab a new baseball on the stride , and handful of bazooka from a jar on the soda fountain counter . he leave the money and exit . scotty follow . 25 ext . rear of five & dime - day benny and scotty come upon the gang ( all they mouth be full a ' bazooka ) as Ham 's chompin ' on a candy cigar do a babe imitation : ham hey ! check I out ! I be the great bambino ! the gang laugh . scotty ( over eager ) who 's that ? the gang stifles . they be none-to-pleased . Ham see why . the new kid ... " flipper . " eight pair of eye burn hole in he little soul . ham what ?... ( beyond he ) what do he say ? bertram be you bear in a barn , man ? yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , what planet be you from ? squint you never hear of the sultan of swat ? denunez the titan of terror ! timmy the colossus of clout ! repeat the colossus of clout ! benny ( even he 's amaze ) the King of krash ! narrator I have no idea who they be talk about . but there be no way I could let they know that ... so , I lie . 26 scotty oh ! the great bambino ! of course . I think you say the great bambi . ham ( shivering ) that wimpy deer ? scotty ah , yeah - I guess . sorry . the gang go silent . they spit - they be tough . scotty dribble - he 's wimpy . benny ( w/mouhtful ) so , Scott , this be Ken denunez ; Alan mcclennan , we call he yeah - yeah ; Hamilton porter , we call he Ham ; Tommy and timmy timmon , bertram grover week , and Mike " squint " palledorus . ( to gang ) he 's Scott small . scotty hi. the gang just stare . benny he 's gonna play with we . he make nine . now we get a team . ext . sandlot - day the pack follow benny onto the diamond . scotty trail after they . bertram why would you bring he for , benny ? benny " Cause there 's eight of we , and he make nine . bertram yeah , so would my sister , but I do not bring she ! benny with nine guy we get a whole team . 27 ham no , with elswenger we have a whole team , and elswenger could throw ! denunez he be not game , benny . he can not throw for nothin' . scotty drift off by himself . he can hear what 's exchange . timmy benny , you already play all the empty position since elswenger move to Arizona . benny and now I get to rotate 8 position instead of 7 . I need the practice . squint no you do not . it 's stupid , benny . the kid 's a l-7 weenie . yeah-yeah yeah -yeah , oscar mayer even . benny oh yeah , squint , and you be Willie freakin ' may . you catch like a dork - anybody ever bust you chop about that ? squint ( paltry excuse ) no , but I be - ya know , I be - benny - and you run like a duck , yeah - yeah . yeah -yeah ( it's true ) " Kay -'kay ... but I be — benny - part - a the game . squint ( defensive ) right . yeah -yeah yeah -yeah . 28 benny how come he do not get to be ? nobody 's get a answer for that one . base up you blockhead . ) the gang hit the field . they suspicious glare be not lose on scotty stand off by himself , kinda lose . benny come over . benny ( cont 'd ) you take right field , small . scotty ( eager ) right . okay . ah ... where exactly be that ? benny ( surprised ) uh , over there . scotty run " over there " anxiously . benny take home plate worried : " maybe the kid be a weenie . " infield denunez at the mound . benny 's up . benny ( cont 'd ) get two . repeat at 3rd , stab it effortlessly and fire to 2nd . timmy snatch it down and drag-tags the invisible base runner then fire to bertram at lst . SNAP ! outta there . bertram throw back to denunez . benny 's ready : benny ( cont 'd ) small ! get one ! crack ! the ball arc up ... come down right at scotty who raise the glove , and skipper around , as if he be tracking a fall leaf . the ball land 5 foot behind he . 29 the gang shake its collective head , exasperate . scotty run to the ball , be about to throw ... run it in to denunez instead . scotty here . sorry , sorry . the gang be stunne . scotty run back to right field . ready again - a game kid . benny trot out after he . benny hey , you can throw it ya know . scotty no , I can not ... I do not know how . ( lumpy throat ) um , thanks for take I here ... but I think better go . scotty turn to leave . benny grab he arm . benny you think too much . I bet you get straight a 's and shit , huh ? scotty no , I get a B once . actually it be a a minus . ( quick ) but it shoulda be a B. benny this be baseball , you be not suppose to think , you be just suppose to play . ( beat ) you ever have a paper route ? scotty uh , I help a guy one time . 30 benny throw it like you chuck a paper . when you arm get here ... just let go of it . ( pause ) just let go . scotty nod . benny start back . scotty wait - how do I catch it ? benny do not worry . just stand there and stick you glove in the air . I will take care of it . home plate benny mentally calculate the distance . put a little rub on the ball . flip it into the air ... benny ( cont 'd ) small , get one ! ... and swing through deliberately . crack ! scotty see it come . stands there stiffly . stick he glove up , close he eye . scotty please , catch it . please , catch it . please , can - SNAP ! his glove swing down . he open he eye . look into he glove . the ball be there . he take it out and chuck the ball like a fold paper . bertram catch it good and solid at lst . bertram okay ! hey , let 's play ball ! scotty loosen up . from home plate benny 31 benny give he a " thumb up . " the significance of this be only outweigh by he sudden fear , when ... scotty glimpsis something . scotty' Pov of some great , lumber thing move past a crack in that green fiberglass panel . ext . the block - dusk in good spirit , the guy break off to they house . scotty & benny split up in the middle of the street between they home . scotty thanks . already at he door , benny just raise he glove in answer . scotty ( cont 'd ) wait , here - you glove . benny keep it . int . scotty' room - night scotty open a new write tablet , and title the page : " Baseball stuff to remember . " he write : " 1 . the great bambino ? " he have not get a clue . ext . vacant lot - day benny coaches scotty . correct bat stance and swing . thumb -flick bottle cap at scotty from a coffee can full . they be tough to hit . but soon scotty 's tagging every one of they . the SUN sets . ext . sandlot - day denunez fire - fastball . crunch ! 32 scotty tag it . the ball sail over squint ' head in center . from leave field benny give scotty another " thumb up . " the kid 's in . ext . sandlot - day - later squint arrive with a box of baseball card . narrator everyday , first thing , we would all pick a card from what we call " the dugout . " squint shake it up . everybody pick one . narrator ( cont 'd ) it be just a shoe box , but whoever we pick , we get to be when it be we up . one day , when Ham take he pick a little too seriously , the guy let I in on the world 's most terrifying secret ... benny bingo ! maury will ! scotty mickey mou - ah , mantle . yeah-yeah say hey , Willie may . denunez Stan musial . timmy Lou Brock . repeat Lou Brock - I mean , Luis aparicio . bertram Frank Robinson . squint oh ... Bob uecker. 33 ham hank Aaron . I be up . ext . sandlot - day - minute later the gang " pepper " ham ( at home plate ) mercilessly . denunez pitch - strike . pitches again - strike . deliver and ham take a ruthian cut at it . connect to deep right . scotty track it . the ball come down . scotty run beneath it - glove up . the ball drop into a backyard . the one with the green fiberglass panel . scotty stop short . look back to the gang who be already pack up in slump dejection . scotty make a decision . swallow against fear of the fence . he take one step toward that fence . scotty wait a sec , I will get it ! 34 the gang come unglue . gang noooo000000 ! stopppppp ! they rush over - grab scotty - pull he back 10 foot into the " fear - free " zone . squint Holy crap , you coulda be kill ! yeah-yeah yeah - yeah - truly ! whadda you doin ' ?! scotty well , you be all leavin ' , so I think I would just - squint - if you be thinkin ' you would not a think that ! benny you can not go back there , small . scotty then how do we get the ball ? timmy we do not . repeat we do not . bertram it 's go . ham forever even . denunez forget it , it 's a memory . benny game 's over . we will get a new one tomorrow . just forget it . we will never see it again . scotty why not ? 35 gang ( hushed ) the Beast . scotty stare at they ; all head hang . benny go over there , real slow , and be quiet . do not touch the fence , just peek through that hole in the green stuff ... go on . as scotty go forward , the gang step back . scotty crater draw he eye close to the hole in the fence . we see ext . mr. mertle' backyard - day a limite view of 3 foot square . we see nothing but the ball ... in the small crater it 's make in the dirt . there be oddly similar crater in the immediate vicinity . that be empty . a mammoth , hairy paw come down from out of nowhere . as it clear frame , the baseball be go . only the crater remain . ext . sandlot - day scotty snap he head away from the hole - run over to the gang : scotty something get the ball ! ( unnerved ) what be that thing ?! consider look be exchange , then , in unison : gang campout . ext . timmon ' backyard - night aglow . ( note : same as sc. 80 ) int . tree house - night a Boy scout lantern . professionally build structure . the gang 's get sleep bag . they be roasting marshmallow over a cub scout camp stove . 36 Ham 's bring personal s'more supplies . ham wanna s'more ? scotty some more of what ? ham no . you wanna s'more ? scotty I have not have anything yet , so how can I have any more of nothing ? ham you kill I small . look , this be s'more stuff . pay attention : ( concocting ) first you take the graham - you put the chocolate on the graham , hershey 's of course - you hold the chocolate on the graham while you roast the mallow - he do . the mallow flame to life . ham ( cont 'd ) - then when the mallow 's flamin' , ya stuff it on the chocolate and cover it with the other end . ( beat ) then , you scarf . Ham do . the junk squirt half way down he shirt . ham ( cont 'd ) ( barely intelligible ) kinda messy ... good though . squint turn the lantern down low ... squint alright , listen up . ( to scotty ) first time denunez hear this story he fainted - denunez - bull , squint ! benny you do , man . denunez shut up . it 's true . to 37 squint when yeah - yeah hear it he peed he pants . yeah-yeah shut up , squint - do not ! ham you do , man . squint and when the Ham hear it he barf up two bag of marshmallow . ham liar ! it be only one . squint so stay away from the door ... you might fall out . and do not sit on you sleep bag ... you could shit you pants . ( solemn ) now , quiet ... absolute silence . kid-reverence equal fright . squint ( cont 'd ) the legend of the Beast go back a long time ... before any of we could pick up a baseball . back to a place call mertle 's acre . dreamy dissolve to : the story of the beast : ext . " mertle' acre " - day a legendary place ... benefit from year of kid - embellishment : a gothic , scrapyard fortress oddly design keep something in not out . squint ( v.0o . ) the Beast belong to Mr. mertle , the guy that use to own mertle 's acre junkyard . and nobody 's ever see he since the day it happen ... int . mertle' acre - day blurble pocket of super-heate muck . 38 burned -out shell of twisted vehicle - strewn carcass . a battlefield . old appliance that form torture face in the shadowy recess . squint ( v.0o . ) mertle 's acre be a bitchin ' place , that have everything you could ever imagine . other STUFF like savage shopping cart . a school bus graveyard . scrap motorbike . cargo ship buoy ball . the gut shell of a fighter plane . squint ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and the stuff be worth a fortune . so , one day Mr. mertle get he this new pup from the pound . they be glad to get rid of he , on account of while he would be there , he would kill three dog bigger than he be . ( beat ) that be exactly what Mr. mertle figure he need to protect he junkyard , " cause people keep steal stuff at night , when he be not around . we drift through a maze of dark , grimy junk - passageway . squint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Beast . ) so he buy the Beast , and set he loose in mertle 's acre . something lope by at the end of a passage . ( note : we never fully see the squint ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the Beast be still just a pup of six month , but he already weigh a 150 pound ... and he keep gettin ' bigger . a trash bag full of meat hit the ground - disappear . slifftht ! it spit back into frame ... empty and tatter . 39 squint ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he throw the Beast a trash bag full of meat every night , and just leave he alone . all alone in the whole place by himself ... to grow . a eyeball among a pile of break headlight . as big as the headlight . fleeting glimpse of more STUFF like mannequin , with bite -chunk miss . plastic flamingoe , brutally mangle . a decapitate " lawn jockey . " a plastic cow , leg gnaw off . and breathing ... amongst the artificial " life " form . a gargantuan footprint in the center of a old truck tire . the beast' shoulder move powerfully - as tall as a burn - out vw . squint ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and so , in a few month , the pup grow into the Beast . and he grow big as a car . and he grow mean , ' cause nobody like he , and he do not like nobody either . ( beat ) and so he only have one thing on he mind ... to kill . int . mertle' acre - night two thieve in ski-mask . suddenly , a heat wind strip they mask . two elephantine foot come down on they face . they scream . squint ( v.0o . ) and he do . and he like it . another thief suddenly envelop by a shadow . he 's drag into darkness ... ( theive he scream . two other thieve load they van and take off . they skid . crunch ! the van cave in . the thiefe be drag out , blathering in horror . 40 from high above mertle' acre the Beast move like a murderous phantom . we hear roaring , and primordial bloodlust . various other theive be toss hither and yon ... mix in with fake flamingoe , and a fly plastic cow . ext . mertle' acre - day Police car . detective speak with mr . mertle ; he shoulder slump , he eye moist . they show he file photo of in ski mask . ) squint ( v.0o . ) the Beast be the most perfect junkyard dog that ever live ... a true kill machine . ( beat ) after awhile , the police start get phone call from people , report all the miss thief . the one the Beast have kill it add up to about 37 guy . Mr. mertle solemnly head inside the junkyard . squint ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but they never find a single body ... not one . some people say they all get away , and be just so scared that they end up in insane asylum and stuff . ( beat ) but we know what really happen . Mr. mertle emerge from the junkyard . cop take cover behind they car . gun be levele toward Mr. mertle and what follow he at the end of a rusty tow chain . squint ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the Beast ... eat they . ( beat ) he eat they bone and all . ext . the block of sandlot common house - day people slam they window - draw they curtain . little kide be snatch up by parent , who run inside and lock they door . 41 mr . mertle lead the the Beast on a huge chain . ( note : we only see bit of the Beast . ) squint ( v.0o . ) the Beast be good at he guarddog job . too good . so the cop say he have to be retire . but he do not have to be kill or nothin' , on account of there be no evidence ... no bone ... no tooth for dental record . ext . mr. mertle' backyard - day the green fiberglass panel be brand new here in the past . squint ( v.0o . ) the police tell Mr. mertle that if want to keep the Beast , he hadda lock he in he backyard , so he could never get out . a crane lower a giant bathtub into the backyard . firemen fill it with water . squint ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and that he hadda chain he up , so 's in case he try to get out to eat child and stuff , he could not . construction worker sink a I - beam girder . cement fill the chasm . mr . mertle contruct a huge lean - to from old bullet -hole , tin - ad sign . a welder braise chain to the girder . mr. mertle " collar " the Beast with the other end . the beast disappear beneath the lean - to . dust explode from underneath as he lie down . " mallow 42 squint ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Mr. mertle ask the cop how long he have to keep he pup chain up like a slave . ext . mr. mertle' front porch - day a policeman " mouth " the word , " f-o-r-e-v-e-r . " squint ( v.0o . ) they say ... until forever . dreamy dissolve to : int . tree house - night Ham drool mallow goop . his hand be fisted tight ... squirt out twixt he clench finger . repeat & timmy have they pillow ' round they head like bonnet . denunez & yeah -yeah stare and shake . bertram be eye be shut tight , he bottom lip shudder . benny gulp . scotty' sit shattered . he check he pants to see if he 's peed they . his mallow 's a briquette . it sputter and flame out . squint be proud of he story prowess . squint and so ... the Beast sit there under that lean - to , dream about the time when he can break the chain and get out ... dream of the time when he can chase and kill again . 43 the gang bertram see , man . that 's why you can not go over there . nobody ever have . nobody ever will . ham one kid do , but nobody ever see he again . denunez that be not true - ham - yeah it be ! he get eat ! yeah -yeah yeah -yeah - that kid who go to get he kite ... what be he name ? denunez " booger " Fleming ? timmy no . it be that guy with the wart on he face . repeat davy " the toad . " timmy that 's what I say . solemnity spread among they . kid-reverence . squint davy " the toad " stodenrous . overhang " neath rise bertram yeah , the toad ... yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , poor toad . scotty ( weak ) nuh-uh ... none of that 's true . you guy be just - squint - oh , yeah ?... come here . stick you head out the window and look down . 44 scotty go slowly ... he stick he head out guillotinely , through the small square open . ext . tree house - night scotty 's head come out turtle - like . the tree house the common wall . he look down into Mr. mertle 's backyard and sees a old foote bathtub fill with murky water . a steel pole , cement into the center of the yard . a tow chain , snake away from the pole and vanish under the lean -to . Dust rise and fall from the lean - to . scotty hear the organic exhaust that accompany the dust ... and fall ... in powerful exhalation . int . tree house - night scotty pull he head back , scared shitless . scotty ( hushed ) debate " zooka he 's down there ! squint you bet he be . ham whatever go over that fence ... stay there . squint it become the property of the Beast ... forever . ext . tree house - night ( note : same as sc. 54 ) from the sandlot ... a full moon hang ominously over the tree house ; a glow little box of in the scary night . narrator I learn that more than a 150 baseball have go over that fence ... and not one of they be ever see again . even when some brave kid work up enough courage to peek over the fence . ( more ) 45 narrator ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) because , when they go over , they vanish . ( beat ) I know it be true , because when I look down in there , I do not see a single ... solitary ... one . ext . five & dime - morning squint and yeah - yeah come out of the store in a big hurry , with a new baseball in a box . they stop momentarily - open it and chuck the box . yeah - yeah ram he mouth full of while gawk : squint spit into he palm and rub the ball to get the shine off . his eye go suddenly wide and he stare , and oggle , and slo - mo - a beautiful blonde girl about 19 - year - old walk by into the store . she smile at squint . squint can only manage a totally embarrassing goofy grin . ext . the sandlot - morning the guy be wait anxiously as yeah - yeah and squint run over . yeah - yeah toss benny the ball . he rub it up . pass it along . they all take a turn . benny what take you so long ?! we be here forever already ! yeah-yeah squint be pervin ' a dish . squint shut up , I be not ! yeah-yeah yeah - yeah you be ! yer tongue be hangin ' outta yer head and you be swoonin ' ! ( swoonin ' ) oh-oh Wendy peffercorn my darling lover girl ... 46 squint go for yeah - yeah . Ham hold he back . squint hold I back ! hold I back ! ham I be holdin ' you back squint . squint oh , yeah . well , lemme go then . ( calm ) denunez so , where would you get the money this time yeah - yeah ? yeah-yeah oh , yeah - yeah ! it be great ! so I go around pretend like I be sell perscription to magazine . and the people ask if they should pay I now . so I say yeah - yeah , pay I now ! and they do ! the guy be astonished . ham sonavabitch ! yeah-yeah what -what ?! I will take it back . I know it be crappy , but I do not have no money , I - benny - naw , do not , man . he 's just mad he do not think of it . ham yeah , you know how many lawn I hadda mow when it be my turn ?! geez. let 's play . the SUN crest the sandlot ... it 's gonna be a hot one . ext . sandlot - later a real hot one . Ham sweat uncontrollably . his lunch bag drip pb&j . 47 denunez spit a ' zooka sploink that sizzle when it hit . the gang simultaneously head for the bleacher . everybody but benny . finally : ham I can not take it no more , benny . I be bakin ' like a toast cheeser ! timmy it 's hotter than the fire of hell . repeat it 's hotter than a fish in a fryin ' pan . the brother " look " at each other on the miscue . benny come on , do not be wimpy . squint face it , benny . it 's not a fit day out for man nor beast . we gotta call it for the day . benny vote then . everyone that want to be a can not - hack - it panty waist , and wear they momma 's bra , raise you hand . they all raise they hand . grinning . benny ( cont 'd ) Fine . be like that . so what be we gonna do then ? they look at each other , as if benny 's go quite mad ... it 's so obvious : gang scam Pool honey ! ext . public pool - day teenage pool honey arrange particularly on they beach towel along the deck , soak up the ray in they polka - dot bikinis . 48 the gang rush out in cut - off short , and banzais the shallow end . Ham leap over the water like a graceful manatee . ham hamonball1 ! kersplash ! a ham-tsunami sloshes the coppertone would bod of pool honey they're up and scream at he . narrator benny would have play ball all day and all night ... rain shine , tidal wave , whatever , it do not matter . Baseball be the only thing he care about and everything else be just a waste of time . ( beat ) but , of all the thing we ever do besides baseball , goin ' to the pool be what he tolerate best . even though none of we have ever see a playboy magazine - which we constantly lie about - we figure the pool be the next best thing to be there . the gang dunk each other , play " attack - sub , " etc ... narrator ( cont 'd ) it be not the Pool honey like we say , " cause if any one of they have come up to any one of we , we would of peed we pants . ( beat ) we go for ... the lifeguard . the lifeguard be unbelievable . in fact , it 's wendy peffercorn . she slide coppertone up and down she leg . the gang one by one , stop foolin ' around . chest deep in the shallow end , they be a detach and freeze pocket of leer dope . the other 80 kide in the pool play on around they . 49 squint be suddenly afflict . narrator ( cont 'd ) and one day , it become too much for Michael " squint " palledorous . and he do the most desperate thing any of we have ever see . the lifeguard oil up and down . the gang gawk on . ( cool Hand luke scene ) : benny oh , man ... yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , too cruel . timmy she do not know what she 's do . repeat she do not know what she 's do . benny yeah she do . she know exactly what she 's do . squint I have swum here every summer of my adult life ... and every summer there she be . ( losing it ) lotion ... oiling ... smile . ( teeth clenched ) I - can not - take - this - no - more ! the gang watch as squint push through the water , pull himself out , and walk really fast to the diving board ( take off he glass to impress she as he pass . ) scotty what 's wrong with he ? 50 yeah-yeah ( worried ) do not -know , but that 's the deep end , and squint can not swim ! squint walk the plank to the end . look wantingly toward the lifeguard who smile back at he . squint hold he nose . take the deep leap . Hit the water and ... underwater ... ssink like a stone . squint grin as he founder . the gang line the edge of the deep section . bertram squint ! ham oh my God ! he 's drown ! the lifeguard to the rescue . second pass ... she surface and lay a limp squint on the deck everybody at the pool gather ' round . the lifeguard lay squint flat . she administer mouth - to-mouth . the gang watch on tense as hell . squint peek at they through a secretly open eye . as the lifeguard be " save " he sneaky life , squint can no longer restrain himself , he grab she - give she a sloppy smooch ! she tear away . stands up over he wimpy little form : lifeguard you little pervert ! she grab squint by the scruff of the neck . run-walks he toward the exit , and ... 51 ext . public pool - day ... chuck he boney butt into the hedge . the guy scramble out , drag they clothes after they . they help squint up . ham do you plan that ?! squint a'course I do . be plannin ' it for year . they let squint walk out front : narrator Michael " squint " palledorous walk a little taller that day . and we have to tip we hat to he . he be lucky she have not beat the crap out of he . we would not have blame she . what he would do be sneaky , rotten and low . Aaron , ( beat ) and cool . ( beat ) not another one among we would have ever even for a million dollar , have the gut to put the move on the lifeguard . he do . he have kiss a woman . and he kiss she long and good . ( beat ) we get ban from the pool forever that day ... but every time we walk by after that , the lifeguard look down from she watchtower , right over at squint ... and smile . int . scotty' room - night scotty pour over he " Baseball stuff to remember " list : 2 . maury will , 3 . mickey mantle , 4 . Willie may , 5 . hank 6 . Stan musial , 7. Lou Brock , 8. Luis aparicio , 9 . brook Robinson , 10 . Frank Robinson , 11 . Bob uecker . right field be near the green fence . Left field be in the leave . double play get two out . triple play be impossible . single be good . double be better . Home run be best . and , ominously , " do not get in a pickle or you be dead ! " and one entry that 's double question mark : 1 . the great bambino ?? ext . sandlot - sunset the guy play in magic hour . crack ! 52 benny jolt a high fly to scotty in right field . no problem now . he backpedal , judge . closer to mr . mertle' fence then , snatch ! scotty make a clean catch . shadow . benny give scotty " thumb up . " just as scotty be gonna throw the ball back , he shiver , notice that the sun have fall to a precise declination ; its ray focus behind the glow green fiberglass of mr . mertle' fence against which a hulk black form rise in the backyard ... block out the sun against the panel . a gargantuan the SUN goe down the shadow vanish . tribal drum SOUND far in the distance . the oleander bush rustle menacingly , like ... match dissolve to : ext . jungle - b&w - night - ( original " king kong , " 1932 - stock ) ... a wall of tropical foliage . frighten . primordial . ( note : the scene with native atop the wall when Kong grab fay wray . ) int . boy club auditorium - night on the projector screen King Kong rip through the jungle . the gang be here with 100 other boy at the afternoon show . ext . boy club auditorium - night the gang gather . Ham burst out behind the gang as Kong ! 53 ham eee ! eee ! eee ! oh ! oh ! oh ! the guy scream - spin to face the Ham . he bust up . ham ( cont 'd ) hey , check I out ! I be the mighty King Kong ! ( dodging blows ) hey ! c'mon ! it be a joke , ya dope ! do I _look_ like a monkey ?! a group of other kid come out behind they . little leaguer . match cap and shirt . the gang straighten up . leaguer punk 1 yeah . ya smell like one too . hey guy , it 's the sandlot baby ! leaguer punk 2 skin yer knee lately slide on rock ?! ham shut up , blockhead . leaguer punk 2 what be you gonna do , porter , sit on I ?! leaguer punk 1 rodriquez , why do hang around with this reject , man ? you could be playin ' with we on a official american youth League certified big time diamond . you would make the allstar team easy . benny play we and you will find out why , Phillips . leaguer punk 1 forget it , we play real ball , not with toy bat and sneaker ! the punk head off , laughing as they go . benny glare at they . squint benny , man , be we gonna let ‘em get away with that ?! 54 benny yeah . for now . let 's go . ext . neighborhood sidewalk - night the guy 'round a corner and continue on . they fall serious . scotty you think he really die in the end ? benny who ? scotty King Kong ... squint not possible . he 's so big that fallin’ off the Empire State 's just like we fallin ' off a roof ... he 's alive . scotty so whadda you think happen to he ? head be scratch . chin be rubbed . thought be thunk . timmy most likely . scotty hey , guy ? have anyone ever really see the Beast ? the gang stop except scotty , he go forward - turn back . squint look , small . you ever see King Kong for real ? in person , I mean ? scotty no. but —- squint - well , he 's real right ? scotty yeah , a'course . squint and he 's still out there somewhere right ? 55 scotty yeah . squint see , there 's just somethings that be . ya know , stuff that it 's better not to talk about ... ' cause thinkin ' about it just make it worse . ( beat ) nobody have to see the Beast to know he 's there . scotty ( horrified thought ) you do not think that the Beast be really ... motionless silence . no one 's ever consider this . they suddenly realize where they be : ext . mr. mertle' house - day denial kick in as they carry on : gang King Kong ? naw ! God be that stupid ! no stinkin ' way ! oh boy , have I feelin’ like a douf there for a minute ! whew , what a relief ! ext . the sandlot alleyway - night from this height we see they round the corner , and carry on past the sandlot . Little debate speck , far away from we , and the care of the world . bat signing . ham hey , who d'ya think would win in a fight , King Kong or godzilla ? gang godzilla . King kong. ' Zilla ! Kong ! " zilla ! kong ! yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , wait a sec , maybe they will do a movie someday and we will find out . gang yeah . that would be cool . I would see that . Kong would kick he ass . no way , ' Zilla 's get that fire breath stuff , he would fry the monkey ! 56 ext . dodger stadium - establishing - 1962 - day the gang head toward hallow hall . int . dodger stadium - tunnel - day footstep echo as the gang walk along , alone , in awe . ext . dodger stadium - infield - day the '62 dodger ( and we gang 's Home team ) be take practice . the gang and a bunch of kid at the infield railing . autograph benny stick he glove through the crowd up to a certain player . narrator besides the great bambino , who I still have no clue about , benny have one live hero . maury will autograph benny 's glove . hand it back to ... int . benny's house - live room - day ... benny who 's suddenly here watch a baseball game . the gang 's with he . yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , here he come . he 's gonna steal second . benny naw he be not , not yet . television - stock ' 62 dodger game maury will on 1st . taunting the pitcher . Big lead off . narrator a guy that would break the steal basis record that year that have stand for as many year as there be baseball 's lose to the Beast . the gang can not wait for will to go . 57 gang he 's gonna go , benny . here he go , man . right now , watch , watch . there , there ! benny lean forward seriously . benny no ... not yet . television - stock ' 62 dodger game maury will get ready to steal . narrator maury will become a hero for what he do . benny watch intensely . benny he 's ... gonna ... go ... riiiight ... now . television - stock ' 62 dodger game maury will steal second . benny smile to himself . gang ( clueless ) how would you know that ? how would you guess ? how would ya know ? narrator benny ... would become a legend . int . scotty' house - dusk scotty open the front door , benny's there . 4th of July party inside . all adult . benny ( urgent ) get you glove , c'mon . 58 scotty what 's the big deal ? benny nightgame ! ext . neighborhood horizon - dusk the sun be set . ext . neighborhood STREET on way to sandlot - dusk the gang hurry along with they ball gear , through a block party of bubble - top bbq 's attend by aproned dad grillin ' dog burger . kide clutching " Red Devil " firework , timing the sink sun . mom pour iced tea . ham pilfer dog makin 's from various q' . concoct a two -fisted doglog ! he catch up to the gang march away into the setting SUN . a long line of firework in the street . match head be light . yellow match flame the same size in frame as we guy at the end of the block , be set to fuse . dad and kide rush for the curb ... and 59 the firecone flow into the sky in kaleidoscopic column of star-hot color . match dissolve to : ext . sandlot - night bursting firework in the sky down from which we tilt to the gang play hard beneath they . snap throw . basket catch . snatch grounder . narrator there be only one nightgame a year . on the fourth of July , the whole sky would brighten up with firework , give we just enough light for a game . ( beat ) we play better then too . because I guess , we all feel like Big leaguer under the light at some great stadium . ( beat ) benny feel like that all the time . benny knock dirt from he p.f. flyer . twirl the bat . cock it back . coil up 'round he back leg . denunez deliver . fastball . crunch ! ash meet cowhide . firework explode high above they . the gang stop play and marvel up at the color . scotty be a little kid with a too-big mitt and floppy cap , goggle up at the firework . the ball land by he . he retrieve it . be about to throw - stop . 60 everyone be stare at benny up at home plate bat sling second - naturedly over he shoulder ... a real ball player . narrator ( cont 'd ) we all know benny be different . we know that he be gonna go on to bigger and better game . ( beat ) because everytime we stop to watch the sky that night like regular kid , benny be there to call we back . denunez pitch . benny crank one to kingdom come . narrator ( cont 'd ) for he , baseball be not just a game . for Benjamin Franklin rodriguez ... a final firework explode in a beautiful burst above they . narrator ( cont 'd ) ... baseball be life . match dissolve to : ext . the sandlot - day the gang be still in the same position . as if have never leave . fire to 3rd from home . infield Ham and repeat catch benny in a pickle . benny feint , dodge and rubba-leg they . he cross home easily . 61 timmy truly rubba leg . repeat truly rubba leg . the little leaguer show up on they bike . leaguer punk 2 it 's easy when you play with reject and fat kid , rodriquez . benny march over . the gang follow . benny what 'id you say , crapface ? leaguer punk 1 he say , they should not be allow to even touch a baseball . they be a insult to the game . that do it ! Ham rush the punk . the gang hold he back . ham come on ! we will take you on right here , right now ! come on ! right now ! leaguer punk 1 we play on a real diamond , porter . and you be not good enough to lick the dirt off we cleat . ham watch yer mouth , jerk ! leaguer punk 1 shut up , dipshit ! ham asshole ! leaguer punk 1 scab eater ! butt sniffer ! pus leaguer punk 1 licker ! 62 fart smeller ! Dog you toe you you leaguer punk 1 crap for breakfast eatin ' geek ! ham mix yer wheaty with you momma 's jam ! leaguer punk 1 bob for apple in you toilet , and like it ! the team gasp . then : you ham play ball like a girl ! thundering silence . the ultimate baseball insult . leaguer punk 1 what do you say ? you ham hear I . leaguer punk 1 tomorrow . sun-up . at we field . be there , buffalo- butt breath . ham Count on it , pee drinkin ' craphead . ext . little league field - dawn Ham raise he catcher 's mask : ham plaaaaaaay ballllllll ! denunez strike out batter 1 whif . whif . whif . batter 2 ground to 63 yeah-yeah at short . he stab it . fire to first base outta there . batter 3 hit a lazy fly ball to right CENTER field where scotty and bertram run for it - watch the ball , each other : scotty / bertram I get it . I get it . not they stop - the ball drop between they . scotty / bertram ( cont 'd ) I think you have it . batter 3 round 2nd base . benny somebody get it ! scotty pick it up and fire for home for all he 's worth . batter 3 round 3rd . the ball rocket toward Home . batter 3 slide in a cloud of dust . the ball blast into 64 ham' mitt and Ham drag the baseline . the dust clear Ham 's get he tag . Ham go Jackie gleasonaic : ham you - be - out - of - here ! out ! go ! Dead ! to the moon ! Roger , wilco , over and out ! Ham abruptly stop cramdon because everybody's looking at he . ham ( cont 'd ) ah , you be out . dissolve to : ext . little league field - day benny 's at bat . bang ! single to leave . throw to lst - too late . throw to 2nd - too late . throw to 3rd - he 's on he way home . throw to home - safe ! the leaguer gawk ; a inside the park home run . benny ( to catcher ) that 's one . get use to it . high above field , a series of ecu' of the gang belting shot after shot . rounding base after base . cross home . ext . vacant lot - day ( Bob B. soxx & the Blue jeans " Zip -a - Dee - do - dah " scene . ) the guy strut along , air-batt , mime - catch . benny rip a momentous victory slide . ext . carnival - night the gang come down the midway and stop at a ticket booth for a ride we do not yet see . as they buy they ticket : 65 benny crack ! boom ! outta here ! you see the look on they face ? do ya ? it be like , " duh ... so that 's how you play baseball . " bertram crap ! I almost forget . chaw ! he hold up a pounch of chewin ' ' baccy . the gang gather ' round . bertram ( cont 'd ) I be savin ' it for a good time . scotty what be it ? ham geez , small ... I s'pose you do not who the Babe be either . it 's chaw . plug. wad. chew tobacco ! bertram pass it around . everybody sniff . scotty whadda you do with it ? ham you be killin ' I , small . you chew it , of course . denunez all the pro do . yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , give ya ton of energy . timmy let 's dip . repeat let 's dip . bertram pinch a too-huge wad . stuff it in he mouth . the bag go around . all cud up . benny smooth . brown 66 ham juicy . squint tangy . scotty kinda taste like a ashtray smell . denunez suppose to . squint let 's ride . the gang get on the ride : the anti - grav ! ext . carnival - aboard anti - grav - night as they ride , and spin round and round and round ... the glop fall from they mouth . they all watch bertram who turn salmon ... yellow ... green . then , presumably ext . anti - grav - night yawn breakfast , lunch , and dinner like a firehose . at least that 's what we hear as the ride spin vertical - that , anda host of blood curddle scream from vom-vicict . as the rider disembark a barf chain reaction ensue . they all run scream from the ride and lose it . ext . the sandlot alleyway - night the gang wobble , moaning as they go . Ham be strangely unaffected he unpocket a fistful of some digust glorp : the guy lose it . we drift off they and they predicament to the hole in the green fiberglass fence . a eyeball - big , bloodshot and amused . guttural panting ... the Beast be laughing at they . 67 ext . scotty' house - day scotty 's cod belly white and jelly fish limp , from a long bout of the chucky . Bill toss he luggage in the car trunk . scotty 's mom lean out the driver 's window . mom I will be back in a hour , scotty , I be take dad to the airport . scotty ( still woozy ) " Kay . where you goin ' ? bill Chicago , on business for a week . listen , Scott , while I be go , you be the man of the house . understand ? scotty yeah , I guess so . bill we will take another stab at catch when I get back , okay ? so , take care of thing while I be go . I be count on you . he offer he hand to scotty . they shake . scotty ( perking up ) okay . I will . ext . five & dime - day the gang come out with a new box baseball . each have a pack of topp . a bag of bazooka . narrator once we get over try to be big shot , we just stick to what we could handle , and swore off the hard stuff forever . when we finally get back together for some baseball , something amazing happen . ( beat ) it be a omen ... one that be mean just for Benjamin Franklin rodriguez . 68 ext . the sandlot - day they tear open they pack of baseball card . first thing first - they eat the gum stick . then , shuffle through the card look for gold . squint whad 'ya get , Ham ? ham a mickey mantle and 7 guy I never hear of . how ' bout you ? squint a brook Robinson and a koufax . pretty good . bertram I get junk . denunez one drysdale , a bunch a dud . yeah - yeah yeah - yeah , I too . four bomb , but one whitey Ford . squint benny , whad — the guy notice benny stare down at the card in he hand . he slowly shuffles they top to bottom ... top to bottom . the gang move over , concerned . ham hey , benny , whatsa matter ? bertram you okay , man ? benny slowly raise he eye . slowly hold the card out to squint , who take they cautiously . squint shuffles they forward and backwards . he pass the eight card amongst they all . squint oh , my God ... 69 timmy imfuckingpossible . ( alternate line , same below ) unstinkinbelievable ! repeat imfuckingpossible . do not tell mom I say that tim . timmy I will not . ham this can not happen ... can it ? bertram it just do . yeah - yeah yeah -yeah , it 's a omen . squint hand the card back to the benny , who take home plate alone . EIGHT identical maury will card the gang can only stare at he . suddenly , squint clutches he ear plug : squint oh geez ... oh geez . I - I do not believe it . maury will just steal 80 basis ! the guy be boggle . benny pick up a bat . benny we gotta play . I gotta play right now , guy . right now . the gang obey . they hurry into the field . as they go : scotty what 's it mean ? 70 squint it 's a miracle , small . a damn miracle . narrator we all expect something to happen right then ... during that game . what we have just witness be border on the supernatural ... we know that great hand than ours be at work . ( beat ) and it happen alright . ( beat ) it happen right in front of we nose ... and we do not even know it . denunez deliver . crack ! Magic dust explode from benny 's bat . the red lace burst ! the baseball dermis flay . the string - wound innard fly into yeah -yeah's glove in leave field . the cowhide " figure 8 's " lay there in the infield like huge swat moth . the guy gather ' round . bertram bitchin ' . benny naw , it be not . squint c'mon , benny , maybe two , three guy in history have ever bust the gut out of a ball . that 's what the omen be . gang truly . sure . absolutely . yeah - yeah , benny . it must be so . benny all 's it mean be that we can not play no more . it 's only noon , and I just blow the whole day for we . 71 denunez no , you do not . it 's the most amazing thing I ever see . benny anybody get any money ? ( no answer ) then it be not okay , ' cause now we can not play no more . scotty yeah , we can . benny what , you get 98 extra cent just layin ' around at home , small ? scotty no , but I get a ball . ccut to : int . bill be den - day a baseball on a silver pedestal ( Bill 's baseball ) . scotty 's hand enter frame . his indecisive finger almost touch the ball ... then , snatch ! ext . the sandlot - day scotty dash across the schoolyard . scotty ( out of breath ) I get it ! let 's play ! he toss the ball to benny who catch it . benny bitchin ' . you ball , you up . benny hand scotty the bat , head to right field , leave scotty alone at home plate with Ham ( the catcher ) . benny toss denunez the ball on he way by . 72 denunez almost miss it . he round up , throw to bertram at lst . bertram throw to timmy at 2nd . timmy almost drop it . there 's a smudge on the ball . timmy toss to repeat at 3rd . repeat fire to yeah -yeah in leave . the ball carom off yeah - yeah 's glove , come down fast ! yeah - yeah barehand it . safe . he launch to squint in center . it 's gonna be short ! squint sprint - willy may basket catch . he throw to denunez scotty dig in . ham batter up ! denunez fire . scotty swing - whiff . again - whif . once more ... boom ! goodnight , irene ! scotty drop the bat . trot for first base in " home run " fashion . benny backpeddle . scotty watch he , slow , worry . the ball drop over the green fiberglass fence . 73 scotty stop dead in the base path . the gang cheer : timmy Nice crank , small . denunez decent cut . benny it 's outta here ! who 's get the big bat now , boy ! gang small . small . small . small . scotty be draw to the fence with mount terror . the gang start over . ham what the hell 's he do ? bertram maybe the shock of he first homer be just too much for he . at the GREEN fiberglass fence scotty run right up to it - clutches desperately . pant . tremble . the guy arrive . scotty turn back to they ... he have age 25 year . scotty we gotta get that ball back . ham right ! good one , small . squint sure . we will just hop over and say , excuse I Mr. Beast sir , could we have we ball back , oh , and please do not kill we while we be here ! 74 benny it be a great shot , but forget about it ... game 's over . we will get another ball . scotty you do not understand ! benny sure we do . you feel bad ' cause you belt a homer , and now we can not play no more . scotty no ! you do not understand ! that wasn 't my ball ! the gang Pov of something move in the backyard . just a rippling shadow and trail dust accompany it over the fence top . the gang be eye go to scotty . squint whadda you mean it be not you ball ? scotty it 's my stepdad 's . I steal it from he trophy room . it be a present or soemthing - somebody give it to he . we have to get it back . he 's gonna kill I ! squint small ... listen to I . this be a matter of life and death . ( thinks ) where do you old man get that ball ? scotty I dunno ... I think some lady give it to he . squint some lady ? scotty yeah , she even sign she name on it . ( the end ) some lady name Ruth ... baby Ruth . 75 eyeballs pop from they socket . gang baaayyybe ruuuuuth ?! the gang sprint for the fence . scramble up it . just they over the top . what they see a baseball in a little impact crater . a ball that clearly be autograph by ... babe RUTH . eye peer have most a long , hideous forelimb thrust from ' neath the lean - to . a massive paw -thing come down on the ball . drag it slowly away ... leave a baseball - deep furrow in the dirt . the canine " laughter " come again ... the gang drop from the fence - turn to face scotty . denunez the Beast get it . timmy you be dead as a doornail , small . repeat you be dead as a doornail , small . timmy Nice know you . repeat Nice know - timmy - shut up , Tommy . ( stunned ) small , you mean to tell I you go home and swipe a ball that be sign by Babe Ruth , and bring it out here and actually play with it ? repeat and actually play with it ?! 76 scotty yeah , but I be gonna put it back . squint but it be sign by Babe Ruth ! scotty well , who be she ?! ham what ?! what ?! ( overcome ) what do he say ?! denunez the sultan of swat ! bertram the King of krash ! repeat / timmy the colossus of clout ! gang babe RUTH ! ham ( for good measure ) the great bambino ! scotty ( that do it ) oh , my GOD ! that's the same guy ?! benny yeah . small , Babe Ruth be the great baseball player that ever live . people say he be less than a God , but more than a man . ya know ... like hercules or something ' . ( beat ) the ball that you just ace to the Beast be worth ... well , more than you whole life . scotty fall to he knee . grab he stomach . scotty I do not feel so good . they all step back , expect the worst . then , they fan he with they baseball cap . 77 scotty ( cont 'd ) ( heartfelt ) we gotta get that ball back . benny when do you old man get home from work ? scotty he 's go on business for a week . benny okay , we need 98 cent . so , everybody spread out and find some soda bottle and cash them in . we need a new baseball . CUT to : a brand new baseball benny 's hand sign B a be RUTH across the leather in ridiculous chicken scrawl . ext . five & dime - day forgery in progress . benny do the honors . denunez I dunno , benny-man . yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , it 's pretty crappy . squint he be not gonna buy that , benny . it do not look anything like the Babe 's signature . benny it do not matter what it look like . his mom 's never gonna know the difference . this will just buy we some time , ya dork . ccut to : int . bill be den - day scotty 's hand enter frame . Little anxious finger wrap around the phony " Babe Ruth " baseball . the second the ball be back on its pedestal : 78 mom ( 0.s. ) scotty ? den scotty whip 'round like he 's be slap by a wet mackerel Mom 's in the doorway . scotty huh ?! mom honey , what be you do in here ? scotty ah ... just look at Bill 's - I mean dad 's baseball . scotty hurry away from the " autograph " ball . mom you know he do not like you touch he thing . scotty yeah , I know . sorry , Mom . mom have he ever tell you about that ball ? scotty uh - no , not really , I do not think so - no , he have not at all - I do not know _anything_ about it . mom it 's sign by Babe Ruth ... sweet mother of - Mom know ! scotty may collapse . mom ( cont 'd ) ... the great baseball player that ever live . scotty um ... really ? mom it sure be . dad 's father give it to he . maybe someday , he will give it to you . 79 scotty ( day ) uh ... neat . narrator it be salt in a open wound . even my own mom , who be only a grow - up girl , know who Babe Ruth be . int . tree house - day the gang 's all here . Big plan . War conference . scotty so , how do we get it back ? squint I have no idea . narrator I be dead meat . I know it . they know it . we have think that that card benny have get mean that something great be go to happen . now I figure that they would just mean my life be over . scotty can not we just hop the fence and get it ? ham remember davy stodenrous . timmy / repeat poor toad . scotty oh , yeah . I forget . ( a thought ) hey ? why do not we just go over there and knock on the door , and ask Mr. mertle to get it for we ? everyone look at scotty - the kid just sproute a dunce cap . squint be you outta you mind ?! Mr. mertle be the meanest old man that ever live ! he 's the one that sick the Beast on the toad ! ( beat ) that 's not a option , small . forget about it . 80 scotty oh . okay . I will . Silent moment ... not a single blink idea between they . then , suddenly : squint we need to assess the situation ! gang ( better than nothing ) of course ! right ! good one , squint ! access ( sic ) the situation ! okay ! bertram um , squint ? how do we do that ? squint first we survey the enemy 's environment , then we make note of the surround terrain . ham what ?... squint ( copping ) I hear that on " combat . " let 's just look out the window . ext . tree house - day the gang poke they head - only through the window . they look down into : ext . the badland ( mr . mertle' backyard ) - day airforce the house be a godforsake stucco would corpse . the yard be the final rest place for : melt frisbee , withere kickball , skeleton of heat - crumble paper kite , a of exposure - splinter balsa wood glider , and a fleet of model rocket - they drag-chute turn to dust . and hundred of little empty crater - that use to cradle baseball . the rusty tow chain snake through the dirt - bury then expose . it terminate " neath 81 the lean -to from under which rise hazy twirl of dust . the dust be keep from ever settling by some enormous organic exhaust . a giant paw -thing emerge from under the lean - to , push the Babe Ruth autograph cowhide into full view - " I dare you ... " int . tree house - day the guy jerk they head back inside . timmy he 's darin ' we ! repeat he 's darin ' we ! denunez he 's waitin ' for we , man . just like he do with the toad . gang ( reverent ) sound poor toad . ham we be on he territory now . bertram think he 's piss ? benny be doby gillis a dork ? anybody get any bright idea ? the big montage start with : a tree house debate . much shouting . much disagreement . many hand miming mechanical contraption . narrator we have absolutely no idea what the hell we be gonna do . so thing start primitively . ext . the sandlot - mr. mertle' fence - day the gang hurry out from the timmon ' yard carry a broom stick . they wriggle it under the fiberglass fence . squint peer through the peep hole motion direction to Ham . suddenly - SNAP ! Ham pull the stick back . ' tis toothpick would . 82 ext . timmon ' backyard - day the guy fall the clothes line pole with a hack see . 6 foot of inch thick pipe . they heft it up - go out to ext . the sandlot - mr. mertle' fence - day and shove the pipe under the green fiberglass . horrible erupt from the badland . Dust mushroom over the fence . the pipe draw under in ferocious jerk . gone. moment . the pole sail back over the fence - bounce on the asphalt with angry clang . ' tis pretzel would . int . tree house - day bertram arrive . hand " it " over . how embarrassing : bertram it be not mine . I tell you , it 's my little sister 's ! a cootie toy . they assemble the insect put a hunk of chew ' zooka on each cootie foot . attach it to a plastic parachute - ah-ha ! genius . a airborne assault ! ext . the sandlot - mr. mertle' fence - day squint indicate " go . " int . / ext . tree house - the badland - day the gang drift the cootie not chute out the tree house window . it float silently toward the baseball . the cootie land right on the Babe Ruth . the gum stick . the gang haul it in . the ball slowly rise . suddenly 83 the beast' jaw erupt from ' neath the lean - to and chomp the cootie whole . the string snap . the gang pull up the fray end . cardboard int . tree house - night now a War room . map of the badland : craze trajectory , distance to the Beast , etc . coffee can pbx system . periscope . X 's on a calendar count down " Bill 's return . the new retreival system : three eureka canister vac all connect . Ham 's catcher 's mask bolt to the end pipe for ball secure . ext . tree house - over the badland - night toy flashlight and bsoa lantern hang from the structure , semi-illuminating the badland . out the window go the vacuumtraption , 30 foot of wobbly pipe . ext . the sandlot - mr. mertle' fence - night squint direct the operation , look through the cardboard periscope we see the vacupipe-mask ... 12 inch from the baseball . squint ( 0.s. ) ( coffee can muffle ) a-okay . Roger , affirmative . initiate retreival suction . int . tree house - day they throw eureka switch one . weohh ! ext . the badland - night the baseball move itty-bittily . int . tree house - night they throw eureka switch two . weeooohhh ! 84 ext . badland - night the baseball move a lot ! int . tree house - night they throw eureka switch three ! rrrwweeeooohhh ! ext . the badland - night the baseball leap from the ground - stick in the catcher 's mask collection basket . ext . the sandlot - mr. mertle' fence - night squint ( 0.s . ) we have suction ! pull it up ! pull it up ! int . tree house - night the gang reel it in . suddenly , the whole apparatus jolt . ext . the badland - night a great beef - paw yank the end pipe under the tree . steel teeth pinch the metal tube shut . int . / ext . tree house - night the vacuum build pressure fast . whine crazily . the gang leap from tree house . squint linger in the trap doorway a second too long : ext . treehouse - night the gang ( minus squint ) be face down in the dirt - arm over head . the vacuum explode . foggy cloud of dust pour out of the treehouse . squint appear . he 's battleship grey . take he glass off . only he eye show white . squint we have be go about this all wrong . rope through degree . I blame myself . we need total surprise . ( more ) 85 squint ( cont 'd ) therefore , we tunnel . the Beast will never expect it . ext . timmon ' backyard - day the guy all wield a shovel , and have flashlight tape to they baseball cap like coal miner . int . underground tunnel - day ( dark ) flashlight beam at the fore , scotty crawl with a safety " round he waist . he poke the cardboard periscope up the dirt . through the periscope the badland from ultra low ground level . we scan 360 suddenly , the scan stop . the name babe RUTH , fill the periscope 's lens . ext . the badland - day scotty 's hand feel for the Babe Ruth . he grab it . it 's slimey . scotty ( 0.s. ) ( subterranean ) I get it ! I get it ! the ball squirt out of he finger . the ball roll beneath the lean-to . it hit the beast in the nose . with a seismic roar the Beast leap out . we don't see much . he 's too big . we be too close . ext . tree house - day yeah - yeah shout to Ham at the tunnel entrance . yeah-yeah it 's huge - oh , my God ! it 's huge — pull he out ! it 's huge ! pull he out ! ext . badland - day the beast' jaw dive toward scotty 's hand . they get within a inch of scotty 's hand , and he finger vanish - thwooop ! 86 ext . timmon ' backyard - day the gang pull scotty out of the hole . yeah - yeah be unconscious on the grass . the guy turn a hose on he . he come ' round scream : yeah-yeah it 's huge - pull he out ! oh God , it 's like a dinosaur ! wh - wh - where be I ?! squint yeah - yeah ! get hold of yourself ! what would you see ?! yeah-yeah ( accelerate to lunacy ) oh-oh , it be like hugeness and darkness and like the world be end and the devil come up through the ground and the - and the - and the - ham - somebody slap he quick ! we be losin ' he ! whap-whap ! squint administer . yeah - yeah snap out of it . yeah-yeah thanks . I need that . ext . timmon ' backyard - day construction complete . a kid crane . a tricycle , block and tackle , fishing - pole and body harness . in a line , the guy step on and off a scale . everybody stare at yeah - yeah . yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , I know - I be lightest . but I be not goin ' over there ! no way ! all eye to the ground . benny sorry , small . it be a good idea anyway . denunez yeah , tough luck , small . ham it will not be that bad , small . you dad '1l probably only shoot you or something . 87 yeah-yeah hey-hey , do not blame I ! I do not hit the ball over there , man ! silence . yeah - yeah consider . yeah-yeah ( cont 'd ) yeah - yeah , okay . but if I say pull I up , you guy better pull I up ! benny take yeah - yeah aside . hand he all over Ham 's catcher 's gear . benny here . put this on . yeah-yeah wha -? why ? whadda I need all this stuff for benny ? I mean , why a mask and a gonad protector ? benny oh , ah , nuthin ' , ya know , just for , ah ... altitude leveling and stuff . put it on . benny hurry off as timmy and repeat approach with a frightening look harnass assembly . yeah - yeah back away : timmy do not worry . we be professional . repeat we dad 's a contractor . ext . / int . over the badland - inside the tree house - day ham be strapped in at the tricycle winch . yeah - yeah be dangle over the lean - to . yeah - yeah ( into can phone ) okay-okay , I be right over it . let I down - slow ! ham let go . oops. whizzzz ! 88 yeah-yeah plummet . yeah-yeah ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! stop! stop ! ham back -crank . yeah -yeah come to a twirling halt four foot off the ground . yeah - yeah's Pov into the lean -to . blackness and dust . yeah -yeah ( cont 'd ) ' " Kay - 'kay , tip I , hurry up . I be gettin’ the woolly . yeah - yeah reach ... get it ! yeah-yeah ( cont 'd ) okay get I outta here ! ham struggle . ham help ! i'm losin ' he ! yeah-yeah look down from the guy on the tree house - back to level - " 4 foot " eye -level with : the beast' mouth ! yeah-yeah ( quaking ) h - h - help ! help ! help -help - help ! ( try anything ) hail Mary Father who art star light twinkle twinkle hey diddle diddle - inside the tree house hand crank the trike wheel . yeah - yeah 's to window level in second . he 's get the ball ! 89 the beast' jaw leap into view . the tow chain go taut . the jaw abruptly disappear . ext . the badland - day the Beast 's shadowy form rustle contentedly under the lean - to . yeah - yeah drop the ball . ext . timmon ' backyard - day yeah - yeah 's shattered . balling . the guy sniff . oh no , bad news . he shove they away : yeah-yeah yeah - yeah , I do it ! so what ?! you jerk , I tell you to pull I back faster ! ( starin ' they down ) you - you penise . yeah - yeah waddle away . the guy rush to hold the fence door up for he . he go through stiff - legge ( can not bend over ) . ext . the sandlot - day yeah - yeah head across the field ... waddle - waddle . narrator yeah - yeah grow two foot in we eye after that . there be no stinkin ' way any of we would have show back up , if we would load we drawer . ( beat ) yeah - yeah do . he show back up and get right to work , like nothing ever happen . match dissolve to : ext . the sandlot / treehouse - morning ( lock off . same as sc. 157 ) - yeah - yeah return across the sandlot and go up into the treehouse . int . tree house - day 158 accord to the calendar - 1 day till Bill 's back . scotty 's get the conch . 90 scotty I think I know how to get it . ( they be all ear ) anybody get a erector set ? eye dart . brow feint . squint that thing with the nut and bolt and tiny wrench that you can build junk out of ? scotty exactly . squint never hear of it . ham I use to have one when I be like I dunno , a little kid . gang ( liar ) might have some piece . gee , I do not think so . I would have to look . maybe in the attic . not in we room though . int . tree house - day - 20 minute later the guy re-arrive . each hold huge arm load of erector set stuff . gang ( cont 'd ) guess I have more than I think . forget my grandma get I some for my birthday . it 's my little brother 's . scotty 's bring he " set . " a footlocker full of neatly arrange piece . nut and bolt compartment . electric motor section . bertram bitchin ' . scotty I really like erector set . gang ( attitudinal 360 be ) I too . I be just thinkin ' the same thing . could not agree more , small . I play with mine all the time . 91 scotty let 's get to work . here 's the plan - furlsnap ! Holy cow ! scotty unfold they - amazing crayola blueprint draw on tape - together grocery bag . int . / ext . tree house - day the guy swarm the tree house . scotty supervise from the backyard , wear a plastic hardhat . they build . scotty hook up electric motor . throw one toggle , and ... ext . tree house - day ... it come to life . a 35 foot hollow erector- beam and electric catapult - car assembly . they tilt - n'- tip it over the fence . scotty pilot the little car from the treehouse deck . ext . the sandlot - day benny 's get he glove - wait . ext . tree house - timmon' backyard - the sandlot - the badland - day scotty on control . squint on periscope , with bertram on the yuban -comm for he . other at support point . the car drive down . the beast strir . the car roll out the end . the catapult bucket scoops the ball . squint ( cleanly ) Fire ! giant sleepy eyeballs roll open . a thunderroar ! crash ! scotty flip the toggle . the " rat - trap " catapult fire . 92 the baseball be airborne . benny run for it . benny I get it ! I get it ! the airborne beast block out the sun . cluncheenk ! the Beast 's front teeth snatch the Babe Ruth ball delicately out of the air . the unseen beast crash land beyond the fiberglass panele , right on top of the erector contraption wrenching it viciously . the structure come tumble down - bend into flimsy knot as it ext . timmon ' backyard - day scotty stand alone on the tree house roof ... stare down into the badland . a little , wreck shell of a kid , who be now dead meat . the guy look up at he sorrowfully . narrator the light have not my life be over . just as Bill have finally warm up to I , and ask I to be the man of the house , I have to knock a priceless chunk of history into the clutches of a monster . great . end the big montage . ext . the block - dusk the gang , minus timmy and repeat , shuffle along home without a word exchange . from he porch benny watch a deject scotty slowly head inside across street . 93 int . scotty' room - night scotty stare up at the ceiling in ocean of worry . int . benny's room - night the room be dark . benny 's in bed . he click on a " baseball - bat " flashlight . shine the beam toward he footboard ... illuminate the photo of the Babe . benny we can not get it back , Babe . ( beat ) I be sorry . suddenly , a racket from inside benny 's closet . a bright goe on in there . then , smoke come out . benny jump up on he bed - flatten against the wall . do this in year : benny ( cont 'd ) m- m - Mom ?... the closet door creak open ... by itself . everything inside be oddly devoid of color . benny ( cont 'd ) who 's there ?! babe RUTH step out of the closet . he exist in the only way any kid from 1962 have ever see he : black & white . the babe now do not go pee you pants or nuthin ' , I be just here to give ya a hand . the great bambino puff on a massive stogie ... the source of all the smoke . benny B - B - but , you be ... the babe ... dead ? legends never die , kid . benny come off the wall . the enormous Ruth tower over he . benny you be really he . you be the Babe . the sultan of swat . the King - 94 the babe - of krash and a hundred other dopey name . forget about that , we be not get much time . I be here ' cause you be in some kinda pickle , right ? benny yeah . the babe a baseball with my John hancock on it go over a fence , and you can not get it back . right ? benny yeah , right . the babe ( clear and simple ) then just hop over there and get it . there ya go . Problem solve . ( tip he cap ) see ya , kid . the Babe turn to go back to wherever he grab he arm - shocked that he actually " real . " benny wait ! I can not . the babe can not what ? benny go into that backyard . the babe why not ? benny there 's a Beast back there . the babe what kind ? benny a giant gorilla-dog - thing that eat one kid already . the babe be that a fact ? listen to I , kid . ( more ) 95 the babe ( cont 'd ) everybody get one chance to do something great . most people either never take the chance ' cause they be too scared , or they do not recognize it when it spit on they shoe . ( beat ) this be you " big chance , " and ya should not let it go by . come from . benny feel something ( pause ) remember that card you get the other day ? benny sure , yeah , five maury will all in the same pack . the babe what be the odd on that ? benny about a zillion to one . the babe more even . someone 's tellin ' you somethin' , kid . and if I be you ... I would listen . benny yeah , but what ? the babe you be the one with the rubba leg . figure it out . ( beat ) you gotta do what you heart tell you , else you will spend the rest of you life wishin ' you have . benny you mean , I should hop that fence - and pickle with the beast ?! the babe lemme tell you something ... you remember that call shot homer I hit ? benny sure , the great most famous and legendary home run of all time . the babe yeah , right , well say . ( more ) 96 the babe ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) well , you think I know I be gonna swat that ? benny sure ya do , Babe . the babe not a chance . matter of fact , all the way down to first I keep sayin ' to myself , " you lucky bum . " ( beat ) think about that , kid . I will see ya later . the Babe disappear back into the closet , then : the babe voice remember , kid . there 's heroes and there 's legends . heroes get remember ... but legends never die . ( beat ) follow you heart , kid , and you ' will never go wrong . a racket in the closet match : int . scotty' room - day knuckle on glass . scotty hurry sleepy - eye to the window and open it . benny stand outside , hold a shoe box . benny ( with purpose ) I have a dream . get dress . we be goin ' to the sandlot . ext . the sandlot - day the guy march toward the rise sun - across the sandlot behind benny . toward destiny . the GREEN fiberglass fence they stop here . benny step forward . he open the shoe box . lace on brand new p.f. Flyers . move for the fence . scotty grab he arm . scotty benny - wait . it 's okay , it be my fault . I will just take whatever I get . bulk you do not have to do this . 97 a look in benny 's eye . kismet . benny ( predestined ) yeah I do , small . I have to . benny turn from he - swallow hard . swing himself onto the top of the fence and balance - decide . the babe voice ( in benny 's head ) ... follow you heart , kid , and you ' will never go wrong . benny turn back one last time . give scotty " thumb up . " with a pearl diver 's breath - he plunge into ... ext . badland - day ...here . he stand fix , stare hard ' neath the lean - to . dust rise from thereunder . organic exhaust . the lazy clink of heavy chain link ... the Beast be rise to its foot . it materialize piece by piece : fore foot the size of a catcher 's mitt , head and shoulder , hulk flank and haunch . benny be mouth hang open . he 's freeze , stare at the beast and it 's worse than squint recount ... because it 's real . smell ground . this be the biggest dog that ever live ! 300 lb . 4 1 / 2 foot tall . and ugly . this be a bad idea . the Beast linger 8 foot away with slack in the chain . thwooop ! it spit something out , which roll in the dirt ... stop exactly between they a goo-slobber ball . dirty beast-foam drip off , revealing the smear signature , babe RUTH . " g'head kid , I dare you ! " 98 a pickle benny measure the Beast . Times its balloon chest . the Beast 's eye glue to benny . flopping , hot-water - bottle tongue pant . lick chop . leather would nose twitches - for movement . the toe of benny 's p.f. Flyer dig into the crack earth . clink the Beast lean forward - one chain link lift from the shthuft ! benny spit , blow he tank . the beast bristle . benny's eye widen , focus . war break out ! benny go for the ball . the beast be knotted muscle quaver and uncoil . benny ' S p.f. Flyers leave behind tiny dust rooster . the beast be claw dig deep furrow . fog bank of dust spread out behind it . foreleg gallop at flare , over - anxious angle . benny leave scramble footprint . he slide - grab the ball - " pop - up " maury will fashion - head back for the fence . the ball slip from benny 's finger . re-grab it - shove the ball in he tooth , freeing he hand for the leap up the fence . 99 the beast gain . shnapp ! jaw shut like a trip bear trap . benny spring off the ground . he 's on the fence . the beast reach chain 's end - it go teach . break ! the two foot length still attach to the Beast 's neck bullwhip - the chain catch benny in the butt . benny yowwwww ! he vault over the fence . ext . sandlot - day the gang look up . a great shadow envelope they . jumper . the beast be loose ! the guy turn to stone . benny take off . benny ooooh sssshit ! the Beast tear by the guy after benny . the two vanish out of the sandlot . scotty what be we waitin ' for ?! let 's go after them ! ext . sidewalk - neighborhood - day benny run . the Beast be gain . in its wake : dichondra lawn ripped to shred . scotty and the guy make track a block behind . ext . five & dime - day on display : pinwheel , mailbox propeller and puddle - benny fly by . the Beast follow . as they pass , contact : the whirly - gig take off ! int . car - traveling - day a mother drive . in the passenger seat , she toddler finger a " scooter - pie " in marshmallowy string . 100 toddler ( beaming ) mommy , mommy - wook ! ah , ah - goggy ! ( beat ) Big goggy . the mother look out the passenger window . on the sidewalk benny and the Beast run even . then pull ahead . garbage under ext . " snelgrove be " ice cream - day gag per storyboard - t.b.d. ext . alleyway - day benny 's cookin ' . the Beast follow - trashcan scatter like bowl pin . scotty and the guy follow . all slow to check out the bin ... so many crush beer can . benny dart in the rear entrance to a " random " building . the Beast tear after he - knocking the door off its hinge . int . boy club auditorium - day on the movie screen Kong do battle with T rex . benny come slide at US across the wax stage floor - from the movie screen . he slide off the stage - into midair - land on he foot . split up the aisle between the row of fold chair and blast out the door . kide ' head turn to watch he . kong roar ! they look back at the movie screen where , just as Kong proclaim himself king over the dead T rex , the beast leap through the center of the silver screen - leave a 6 foot hole - land 20 foot down the aisle - crash through the door and disappear . moment pass . we guy follow . 101 ext . sidewalk - day hot-rubber squeak from benny 's p.f. Flyers . the Beast 's control booth claw leave jag scar in the concrete . cat hiss in terror and faint . ext . public pool deck - day pool honey lounge , all bedeck with rock -hard , annette funicello hairdo 's . benny blast out of the pool building , " tire step " over the honey . they be up and ranting at he . until , the Beast come ... ... slide across the water - slippy deck like a out - of - anvil . he " bowl pin " the Pool honey . the honey hit the water . benny cut back through the pool building . the Beast follow parting we guy and the other kid . ext . little league field - day game in progress . from outta nowhere , benny jam across the diamond . the game stop ... everyone gape at : some huge dog-beast charge after a kid . ext . CITY park - picnic area - day Big banner : " founder' day ! " perfectly arrange picnic blanket cover with wonderful spread of goody . benny zip under the banner - run through - grab a Coke like a long distance runner . the beast rage after he , through : a deadend ! midway of neatly arrange display booth . ( this be pie and cake gag per storyboard - allow 2 page . ) ext . town square - nearby - day 102 founder 's Day parade ( et al ) . benny rip into the square . he rubba-leg zigzag , nimbly avoid everything and everyone . the beast be a runaway freight train . he plows through clowns . child be snatch from the dog 's path by terrify parent . the Beast tear through the concession stand : vat & dispenser explode ! the volunteer dash out scream - " tar and featherd " with baked bean and potato chip . benny zip through the marching band - ducking trombone slide - leaping glockenspiel . the beast be not so graceful . he " barn -door " the band . crash ! a instrument tangle heap . the onlooker pour into the street , knock the mayor from he convertible , and the founder' day queen from she float . from this height this all look like the end of a " Dr. suess " book ! scotty and the gang search through the confusion . _ they have lose benny_ ! suddenly , double back on they benny shoot by : benny sandlot ! benny 's go . second later - the Beast follow . squint this way ! shortcut ! 103 the gang forges through the disaster . ext . the sandlot - mr. mertle' fence - day the gang 's gasping for breath . and then , unbelievably benny & the beast be come right at they ! they race across the sandlot . kill - anxious beast - drool splashes the seat of benny 's pants . the beast be muscle flex . benny just run . he run as if a big dog be chase he . lurch a step - rip ! a pants pocket flap from a incisor . benny look out ! he lay down the world 's all - time most perfect slide . careen toward the bottom of mr . mertle' fence hit it and , defy gravity , run straight up the GREEN fiberglass panel ! benny jet upward , leave smashed green fiberglass footstep - stand out from the fence 90 degree - the Donald O'Connor " singin ' in the rain " trick ! the beast suck air - roar - explode from the ground - soar , gape maw first , right for benny who push off the top of the fence . the beast gnashes up at benny 's heel - miss by a inch . he plummet toward the badland . then , the unspeakable happen , 104 benny drop the babe RUTH autograph and come tumble down after the ball . benny ( cont 'd ) oh noooooo ! ext . the badland - day benny hit the dirt with a gut twist thud ! Dust everywhere . ext . the sandlot - day the gang climb the fence . they look down into struggle ext . the badland - day where , when the dust clear , they see benny hold the Babe Ruth autograph up high like a trophy . benny I get it ! the gang hop down and race over . suddenly , from the fencetop his shirt snag : scotty help he ! I be stick ! I be stick ! help he ! the beast be hang from the fence . his chain have catch . he choke to death - right below scotty . the gang petrify where they stand . 105 scotty tear he shirt loose . scramble to where the Beast hang . tries to lift the tow chain free - too heavy ! he will die in second . scotty pick he up ! scoot he up so I can let he off ! ( desperate ) come on ! nobody move . they wanna but they can not ! scotty go for break . he reach out and put he hand on the Beast 's head . scotty ( cont 'd ) ( contact ) easy . easy , boy . the beast whimper . scotty balance atop the fence . grab the tow chain . lift with all he might ... he finger bleed . the Beast go limp . a inch . that do it ! the beast fall . scotty go with he - 8 foot to the dirt . the fence come down - break the barrier to the sandlot . he land on the ground nose to nose with the Beast . scotty leap to he foot . the beast rise with he . scotty freeze solid . 106 the gang watch in horror . the beast that 's scan they instinctively - he might kill they all where they stand . scotty be about to load up he fruit o' da loom . the beast stick he mammoth head right in scotty 's face . sniff . it ! the kid be lunch ! his jowl part - hot beast - breath blows scotty 's hair back . scotty close he eye . the gang slap they hand to they eyesocket . the beast lean closer . mouth open . cold -leather nose press against scotty 's forehead . then ... he lick scotty 's face . scotty wipe away the Beast slob . he do not even have to kneel down to read the name on the Beast 's " doggy tag . " it say ... ..- hercules . this time scotty give benny " thumb up . " under the lean - to hercules dig , then stand away . the gang step closer . look into the hole . they face light up with wonder . in the hole be 150 baseball . 107 the gang blown away benny we can play forever now . scotty take the Beast by the collar . he and benny go to mr . mertle' back door scotty knock . mr. mertle answer the door . a old man with dark glass . he come out on the porch . mr . mertle hello ?... scotty um , we bring you dog home . mr . mertle hercules ? how would he get out ? scotty well , sir ... um , we kind of , well , what happen be — benny - we hit a baseball into you yard . then we try to get it and - mr . mertle - why do not you just come to the door ... I would have get it for you . squint , yeah - yeah , Ham , denunez , repeat , timmy and bertram faint . mr . mertle ( cont 'd ) well , thanks for bringin ' he back . ( beat ) why do not you boy come in ... we can talk about baseball . int . mr. mertle' house - day fairly spartan , except for one room , where it seem that Mr. mertle spend most of he time . he lead benny and scotty into the baseball room Mr. mertle sit at a table . benny and scotty stare at the tabletop . 108 it hold a scale model Baseball diamond : green feel field and little basis , outfield wall and miniature player figure . a picture on the wall of Mr. mertle and Babe Ruth . scotty you know Babe Ruth ? mr . mertle yeah . and he know I too . ( beat ) they never let we play together , but we be friend . good friend . he be almost as great a hitter as I be . but , he would of tell you he be better . the picture be sign : " to thelonius Johnson mertle , the second great slugger I ever see ... Babe Ruth . " a baseball game on the radio . as each play be call , Mr. mertle 's hand deftly put he tiny player in the correct position . Mr. mertle be blind . mr . mertle ( cont 'd ) ( holding ball ) this the one that go over my fence ? benny yeah . Mr. mertle brushes he finger over the leather . mr . mertle this be a old ball , boy . really old . ( beat ) hercules give it a good chew , do not he ? scotty ( weak ) yes , sir . mr . mertle you sound upset , son - what 's wrong ? scotty well , you see ... that ball belong to my stepdad ... and , uh - it be sign by Babe Ruth . Mr. mertle shake he head ... hand the ball to scotty . 109 mr . mertle hmm . well , I be sure you dad will understand . scotty I do not think so . on the radio , will steal second . mr . mertle ( to benny ) Son , move maury will to second base for I , will ya ? benny move the little figure to second base . mr . mertle ( cont 'd ) if he steal third that will be number 100 . ( to scotty ) helluva pickle you be in , boy . scotty yes , sir ... Mr. mertle retrieve something from a glass case . a baseball . mr . mertle I will make you a deal . if you boy come over once a week and talk baseball with I , I will trade you ball . benny well , that 's really nice of you ... but this ball really be sign by the Babe . mr . mertle ( chuckle ) this one really be too ... and all the rest of the ' 27 yankee . he hand he baseball to scotty ... benny stare at it in disbelief . benny oh my God - murderer ' row . as they ogle the ball : benny ( cont 'd ) ( awed ) Lou gehrig ... 110 scotty Babe Ruth . mr. mertle ( smiling ) they be all there . scotty hand Mr. mertle the chew up Babe Ruth ball . shake he hand . scotty deal . on the radio , maury will steal 3rd for he 100th steal base . scotty notice the wall clock : ext . scotty' house - day Mom 's car be in the driveway . scotty go up the walkway slowly . benny just behind he . the gang linger at the sidewalk . scotty set one foot on the porch and Bill come out . he look none- too-please . he tower over scotty . the gang hang they head . bill this better be good . benny unpocket a little feel bag . hand it to scotty . he hold the bag up to a perplex Bill , who open it . he look from scotty to benny and back again . then ... ... stare down at the " murderer ' row " ball . ccut to : ext . scotty' house - backyard - day a baseball sailing through the air . smack ! it 's catch ina brand new glove . scotty 's new glove . scotty snap throw the ball back to Bill . he and scotty be have a great game of catch . narrator it be weird that benny say Babe Ruth be like the hercules of baseball , and then the Beast 's name turn out to be hercules . ( beat ) it be also strange that Mr. mertle have a murderer ' row ball to replace the one sign by the Babe . 111 Bill and scotty smile as they fire the cowhide back and forth . narrator ( cont 'd ) some people might say that it be all a coincidence ... but look back at it now , it seem like everything be connect , just like I and benny . ( beat ) it be like we be a part of the same myth as the Babe ... the myth of Baseball . scotty 's mom stick she head out the back door . she smile , watch she " two boy " toss the ball around . mom guy , supper 's ready . dad ( formerly bill ) give we another ten minute . I be helpin ' my boy break in he new glove . int . mr. mertle' baseball room - day Mr. mertle sit contentedly behind he little " diamond . " the radio announcer call maury will ' 104th steal of 1962 . mr . mertle' diamond he hand move a wooden figure from lst to 2nd . this tactile " play field " become ... ext . the sandlot - day ... this one , where the guy be play ball . there 's a new addition to they team . a mascot . a big mascot . hercule in a t-shirt and cap . the guy all play as if , somehow , this may be the last time they ever get to be a team . as they play , they be " sponge " from the picture in this order : yeah - yeah , repeat and timmy , Ham , denunez , bertram , squint , hercules , scotty , benny . narrator that be the last summer that we all get to play together . ( more ) 112 narrator ( cont 'd ) but it would stay with we forever . ( as they all dissolve : ) yeah - yeah 's parent ship he off to military school . timmy and Tommy grow up to build skyscraper . Ham go to college and become a pediatrician . denunez play triple a ball and never get to the major . bertram get really into the sixity and no one ever see he again . squint grow up and marry Wendy peffercorn ; they buy the five & dime and they still own it to this day . hercules live to be 199 year old ... in human year . everyone but benny have vanish from the sandlot . narrator ( cont 'd ) after benny pickle the Beast , he reputation spread all over town . from then on he be know as benny " the juet " rodriguez . benny's p.f. flyer come down on home plate and vanish , leave the sandlot empty . narrator ( cont 'd ) the nickname stick with he the rest of he life . ext . chavez ravine - present - day dodger stadium . a roar go up inside the ballpark . announcer ( v.0o . ) ( familiar ) that 's a triple , and that will put the win run on third , with two out in the bottom of the ninth . what a shot ! ext . dodger stadium - infield - day from the dugout , tommy lasorda call for a pinch runner . a player come out of the dugout , stripping off he warm - up jacket . take 113 announcer ( v.0o . ) lasorda 's send in a pinch runner - and it will be ... ( dramatic pause ) I do not believe it ! lasorda 's call up the " Old man " to pinch - run in the biggest clutch situation this season ! they say the veteran 's lose a step or two . but if I be you , I would get ready for some firework . the crowd be on its foot as 40 - year - old benny " the jet " rodriguez over third base from the player already there . they shake hand on the exchange . the 3rd base coach walk over to the jet . pat he on the back . coach ( grinning ) give them hell , jet . the jet I will do my best , maury . the coach move into the coach box ... turn he back to we . emblazon across he jersey , be the name will . the pitcher take the signal . the jet lead off 3rd base - ten step ! the pitcher fire to 3rd . the jet hand tag . the pitcher settles . the jet lead off . eleven step . the pitcher fire to 3rd again . the jet get back . the jet lead off again . twelve step . the pitch - strike . the catcher toss it back . just then ... 114 ... the jet move . so fast that no one know he 's go till it 's too damn late . the pitcher awkwardly throw home . the catcher wipe the baseline . too late ... ... the dust clear . the umpire eagle - wing the air . umpire safe ! safe ! safe ! the tag miss by two foot . it 's all over . the crowd jump to its foot . the dodger dugout be all over the jet . announcer ( v.0o . ) the dodger win the pennant ! the dodger win the pennant ! the jet break through he ador teammate just long enough to give " thumb up " to ... announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not believe it , the Old man steal home ! the Old man - int . announcer be BOX - day ...39 - year - old scott small - the announcer - who return " thumb up . " scott ( after a pause ) the jet steal home ! the jet steal home ! ! ext . dodger stadium - infield - day the jet sign autograph for swarm kide . as the crowd' cheering continue and echoes into the past , we ccut to : a fade kodachrome photo of the 9 best ( 11 - year-old ) buddy that ever live . on a makeshit baseball diamond - a sandlot ... circa 1962 . they be all hold something forward - display - one palm up , hand beneath another - together like the nine musketeer : a baseball . a baseball with a familiar smudge . end title . fade out . the end