for you consideration woman!ingold best original screenplay alexi kaye Campbell the weinstein company woman in gold written by alexi kaye Campbell int . klimt 's studio , vienna . day . 1907 during the credit we watch the creation of a masterpiece : gustav klimt painting adele bloch - bauer , he magnetic muse . klimt have a larger than life , sexual presence , and there be something almost erotic about the way he paint he model , which the sensual Adele be more than aware of . as he rough hand apply gold - leaf to the canvas , Adele shuffles in she seat . klimt speak in german - mark in italic , as it be throughout the script . klimt klimt ( cont 'd ) move to the leave a little . riick ein wenig nach link she do so . adele adele ( cont 'd ) like this ? so ? oder so ? he walk up to she , touch she just beneath the shoulder , adjust the angle she be sit at , then return to he canvas . as he move away , she shuffles again . klimt klimt ( cont 'd ) you be restless today . du bist unruhig heute . adele adele ( cont 'd ) I worry too much , you know ich mache mir zu viele that . sorgen , das weisst du . klimt klimt ( cont 'd ) about what ? wortiber ? adele adele ( cont 'd ) the future . die Zukunft . ext . elizabethstrasse , vienna . day . 1938 the bloch - bauer residence on elizabethstrasse . heinrich and klaus , two soldier in Nazi uniform , stand outside it and start pound loudly on the front door . stand behind they in civilian clothes be the gestapo agent , felix landau . heinrich . heinrich ( cont ’d ) open the door ! offnen sie die tir ! ext . los angele STREET . day . superimpose caption : los angele , 1999 a car drive down a Los Angeles street and pass by a small knitwear boutique - this little shop look very european , small and quaint - quite incongruous in the West Hollywood surroundings . int . maria' boutique . day . the phone be ringing in Maria 's knitwear boutique , as maria be hand a purple cardigan over to a customer . Maria be a elderly , beautiful woman who ooze old world charm and elegance . behind she chic ensemble and delicate manner however there be a fair amount of steel as well as a anarchic streak . her customer be lizbet , another elderly woman of european provenance . maria when I see this one I decide it have you name on it . lizbet try on the cardigan . maria ( cont 'd ) purple be definitely you colour . I do not know why it 's take you sixty year to discover it . the phone keep ringing ; Maria excuse herself with a smile and answer it . maria ( on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? yes , my dear , it be . I see . yes , of course . thank you for let I know . she put down the receiver . and in she face we see that she have just receive some life - change news . lizbet notice . lizbet be you alright Maria ? and when Maria utter she sister 's name , it be to herself . maria luise . ext . a cemetery . day . a jewish cemetery on a sunny afternoon , a oasis of calm against the Los Angeles skyline . people huddle around luise 's coffin as Maria make a short speech . she look dignify in a unostentatious suit . maria my sister and I love each other but the truth be that we be always compete . if life be a race , then she have beat I to the finish line . but if it isa box match , then I be the last one stand . a ripple of laughter from that who know they both . with a spade , Maria throw some earth into the grave . and when she speak again , it be quietly , look down at she sister 's coffin . maria ( cont 'd ) either way , we go through a lot together , and I will miss you . auf wiedersehen , liebe schwester . ext . a cemetery . day . later as the mourner make they way to the wait limo in the late afternoon sun , Maria be accompany by barbara schoenberg , a old family friend . Barbara be in she sixty ; a academic who be intelligent and warm . maria thank you for come , Barbara , to have you here mean a lot . barbara we family go back a long way . how be you cope ? maria I be get use to lose the people I love . practice make perfect , my dear . and that remind she of a job that need do . maria ( cont 'd ) Barbara . you son , the lawyer ... barbara Randy ? maria last time I see he he be wear brace and read a spiderman comic . how be he ? barbara struggle , I be afraid . Maria look at she , uncomprehend . barbara ( cont 'd ) after law school he work at a fancy firm for four year , then decide to set out on he own in pasadena . maria so what happen ? barbara it all fall apart . add that debt to seven year of student loan and thing be not great . maria I be sorry to hear it . they have reach the car . a chauffeur open the door for Maria . barbara good news be he have a interview come up with a firm downtown . something solid . maria well , that sound promise . the two woman kiss and Maria get into the car . barbara you need a lawyer ? maria some letter I find in my sister 's belonging . I need advice from someone I can trust . ext . a los angele road . day . randy be drive he tired car a little erratically along a LA road , obviously late . randy be in he thirty , eager , with a rough charm . but there be also something a little chaotic and immature about he , as if he be still search for he centre . int . car . day Randy have he hand on the steering wheel and be sip coffee from a paper cup as he rehearse for the upcoming interview . randy and I really feel that with a firm like yours .. and I really feel , sir , that with a firm of this reputation ... his cell phone - very much of the period - ring on the passenger seat next to he . he pick it up , place the cup between he thigh . randy ( on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? barbara ( 0.s. ) Randy , do you remember Maria altmann ? she have something she want to ask you . randy ( on the phone ) not a good time , Mom , not a good time . I x11 call you later . he switch it off , put it back , and aim for he cup . but he drop it , pour steaming coffee on he crotch . randy ( cont 'd ) shit ! ext . bergen brown sherman office . day . Randy be racing towards the impressive glass and steel building that house the Bergen Brown sherman Law firm . he 's run late , have to weave he way through impressive young lawyer on they way to work . int . elevator , bergen brown sherman . day . and in the elevator of the law firm building , he be still rehearse under he breath . randy I sincerely feel that with a firm of this stand , no , with a firm of this calibre .. there 's a high - power look lawyer wear a impressive suit in the lift - he throw Randy a funny , slightly supercilious look and then spot the coffee stain on the crotch . randy . it 's coffee . soya cappuccino . int . bergen brown sherman boardroom . day in the impressive glass and steel office , Randy be now be interview by the partner that make up bergen , brown and sherman , all in they sixty . they sit on one side of the boardroom table and on the other sit Randy , who be deliver he rehearse spiel with nervy gusto . randy with a firm as impressive as this , I would be strongly motivate to deliver my very best . sherman have a open folder before he which contain Randy 's cv : the name schoenberg in bold letter at the top . sherman any relation to the famous composer ? Randy be a little put out by the question . one sense he get this all the time . but he do he best to cover the instinctive response . randy Arnold be my grandfather , sir . sherman his music demand a certain quality of application but the reward validate the effort . brown a radical . randy one of the thing I would most look forward to be deal with .. but he 's interrupt . sherman and judge schoenberg be you father . randy retired now , but yes sir , he be . sherman outstanding lineage Mr. schoenberg . randy yes , sir . he give up , smile , just a little defeat . it 's not as if he 's not use to live in this shadow . sherman so what happen in pasadena ? Randy be flummox by the question . for a second he flounder , then opt for honesty . randy I take a risk and it do not pay off . work for yourself be not everything it 's hype up to be . sherman so now you be ready to work with other . and all Randy can muster be a smile . but sherman decide to give he a chance . he close the file . sherman ( cont 'd ) let 's give it a go , Mr. schoenberg . ext . the schoenbergs 's garden . day . in the slightly scruffy back garden of the house Randy share with he wife pam and baby daughter dora in the San Fernando Valley , Pam and Randy be drink champagne . Pam be hold the glass in one hand , balance dora in the other . Randy put on a mock patrician voice , send the whole thing up a little . randy here 's to Bergen , Brown , sherman , and be able to tell they apart . pam I be so proud of you . and I be think .. randy uh-oh . she give he a playful kick in the shin . he feign pain . pam we could get out of here , put a down payment on one of that house we see in brentwood . I mean , not now , but soon . randy oh my God , I have just come from the interview and she 's already call the move company . pam it 's the first time we can start make plan . randy what be it you do not like about this place ? the leak tap , the rogue mouse , or the psychotic neighbour ? pam all of the above . and we could get somewhere with a little room I could turn into a studio . randy sound pretty good . she kiss he , turn to go into the house . pam I be put she to bed and then we will have dinner . couscous . she turn and behind she back he make a face - he 's obviously not a fan of couscous . randy that 's great . I be go to run out but I 'il be back by eight , eight thirty at the latest . pam where be you go ? randy my Mom 's be drive I crazy . some family friend woman . I need to get it out of the way . she kiss he . pam okay . hurry home . ext . hollywood hill STREET . day . Randy be drive towards Maria 's house , look a little stress as he mutter to himself . randy thanks , Mom . ext . maria 's front yard . dusk . in the early evening , Randy pull up in front of Maria 's little bungalow . he get out of the car to find she water she plant . maria I be expect you at six . it 's ten past . randy my apology , Mrs. altmann , it be gridlock on wilshire . and it 's lovely to see you too . as he shake she hand the sarcasm can not help but seep through he smile . Maria start to make she way towards the front door ; he follow . maria you look tired and stress but you be not bad look . randy thank you . maria do you know anything about art restitution ? randy not a thing . maria well , it 's never too late to learn . come in and have some strudel . I make it especially for you . and as they enter the house , Randy throw a quick glance at he watch . he really do not have the time for this . int . maria 's live room . dusk . Randy be walk around Maria 's live room , take it all in . it 's as if a small part of pre-war Vienna have be transport to the suburb of l.a . he 's look at a old family picture on the wall from the 1920 when Maria approach with a slice of strudel for he . maria my sister be the pretty one on the right . int . live room , elizabethstrasse . dusk . the photo come to life : it be the 1920 's and the bloch - bauer be pose for the photographer : child maria and she sister child luise , gustav and therese , they parent , ferdinand and adele , they uncle and aunt . as each one be mention , we see they in close - up as they prepare to have they photograph take . maria ( v.o. ) I be the moody one in the middle . my parent , my uncle ferdinand , and my aunt Adele . adele adele ( cont 'd ) come and sit next to I , komm , setz dich neben mich , Maria , darling . Maria , lieble . maria ( v.o . ) Adele do not have child , we be like one big family ; I have two set of parent . gustav gustav ( cont ’d ) try to smile Maria , it 's versuche wenigstens einmal im good to exercise you facial jahr zu lacheln Maria , es ist muscle at least once a year ! eine gute ubung fiir deine gesichtsmuskeln ! they all laugh and there 's a flash as the photo be take . maria ( v.o. ) the bloch - bauer . randy ( v.o. ) the famous bloch - bauer . int . maria 's live room . dusk . and now they be sit and he 's finish the cake , put the plate down . Maria hand he a big bundle of letter , tie with a string . he be polite but it 's not easy , he do not want to be here . maria I find this amongst my sister 's belonging . I have translate they for you on the back . he start to scan they , notice the date . randy 1948 . maria from we family lawyer in Vienna , Johann rinesch . all about we painting which be steal by the Nazis . 10 randy okay . maria a month ago I read in the New York Times that thing be change in Austria . randy how be they change ? maria they be redrafting the art restitution law . reviewing old case . int . maria' dine room . dusk . the dining room bask in late afternoon light as Maria open the slide door to it , and it 's madness - all of she sister 's belonging take up the whole room , book and box pile high on the floor and on the table . Randy follow she into the room . maria my sister finally move in with I . only problem be she decide to do it when she 's dead . randy well , at least you will not be have any argument that way . she give he a look . he flounder , keep digging . randy ( cont 'd ) what I mean be .. you know how house - mate argue , like about leave dish in the sink and stuff like that . she give he nothing . Randy dig some more . randy ( cont 'd ) so you will not be argue . about dish . be what I mean . coz she 's dead . it 's agony . he 's reach the end . no more space to dig . randy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . that be .. it be a joke . well , it be suppose to be a joke . she hold it for a beat . maria I be glad you go for law and not stand - up comedy . randy you be not alone there . 11 she reach for a box , open it , take out a fade old postcard of the klimt portrait of Adele , hand it to he . maria here she be - my aunt Adele , paint by gustav klimt . randy that 's quite a painting . maria it 's magnificent . she be take off the wall of we home by the Nazis . since then , she have be hang in the belvedere Gallery in Vienna . randy and now you want to be reunite . maria would not that be lovely ? randy it would make you a rich woman , I be sure . maria and you think that 's what it 's about , do you ? Randy be slightly take aback and admonish . with she hand she indicate the many box that lay pile and scattered across the room : a family 's history . she pick up a old book - a copy of the famous child 's storey struwwelpeter - and run she hand across the cover . he notice the book . maria ( cont 'd ) I have to do what I can to keep the memory alive . because people forget , you know . and then , there 's justice . and he catch something in she eye - the memory of a long - lose past and a long - forget wrong . ext . maria 's garden . night . under the warm Californian night , Maria and Randy be sit in she garden . Randy be hold the postcard of Adele now ; Maria be hold the letter . maria after the war they return a couple of painting to we which pay for my nephew 's education . but we have to sign export permit to relinquish any claim to the five klimt include that portrait of my aunt . randy export permit ? maria the klimt be deem national treasure so we be not allow to take they out of the country even though they belong to we . so we sign they over . randy just like that ? maria we do not have the strength to fight , we be just grateful to be alive . all we want to do be mourn we dead . and there be another important reason we do not contest it . randy what be that ? maria we be tell that Adele have leave the painting to the belvedere in she will . randy have she ? maria we always think so . then I read this letter . and she put they on the table . Randy pick they up , but once again he throw a quick look at he watch . ext . maria 's front yard . night . a few minute later , Maria be walk Randy back to he car . when they get there , she decide to give she verdict . maria I be sorry to have waste you time . it be a test and we have both fail . he look at she , do not know what she mean . maria ( cont 'd ) I have bored you to tear . four time you look at you watch tonight . randy I get a new job today . I have a baby that keep I up at night , a wife I want to make happy , several financial institution who would like my foot break , and a plate of couscous wait at home . 13 maria so why would you be interested in ancient history ? she take the letter from he hand . maria ( cont 'd ) it 's great about the new job . and I hope you succeed in make you wife happy . enjoy you couscous , my dear . he be about to get into the car , then stop . she doesn 's something randy struwwelpeter . t understand . randy ( cont 'd ) that book you be hold . my grandmother use to read that storey to I . terrify . the one with the boy who get sweep away by the wind ... maria into a terrible adventure . I too , find it frightening . small happen ; she return the letter to he . maria ( cont 'd ) just have a look and tell I if I have a case . that 's all I want from you . int . the schoenbergs 's bedroom . night . Randy and Pam 's bedroom , like the rest of they house , be small and too crowded ; it 's obvious they have outgrown it . Randy be lie in bed next to pam , look through the letter . pam read that one to I . randy ' 11th of April , 1948 . dear luise bloch - bauer , 's - that 's she sister - ' the austrian government have decide to return to you two of the painting which be unlawfully take from you family during Nazi occupation . 's 14 int . maria 's bungalow . night . Maria go from room to room , switch off the light one by one before she go to bed . as the portrait of Adele be mention we hover a little on the postcard of it which Maria have place lean against some book in the dining room . randy ( v.o . ) ' this however come with the full understanding that they will hold on to the klimt portrait of you aunt and the other four klimt which they insist be bequeath to the gallery in she will , a fact which they claim as incontestible . 's int . the schoenbergs 's bedroom . night . and as Randy read the last sentence , he interest have grow . randy ' the will itself , I have not see , despite my persistent attempt to do so . your sincerely , Johann rinesch 's . and he put down the letter , look over at Pam . pam so she lawyer never see the will ? randy nobody see the will . can you believe that ? nobody . pam nobody ? int . the schoenbergs 's live room . night . in he pyjamas , in amongst dora 's toy , Randy be on the internet , research the web page of the ' austrian government , Ministry of Culture : Art restitution claim . 's and as he eye scan the page we can tell he 's already be draw in a little . int . bergen brown sherman office . day . Randy come out of he office , into the reception area and see Maria . he 's hold a bunch of papers . Maria be sit , but stand when he approach . Randy 's behaviour be a little furtive , as if he do not want to be see with Maria . maria everybody here look like they be about to have nervous breakdown . randy most of they be . we need to photocopy this . 15 through a glass partition he notice sherman look at he , wonder who Maria be . feeling the pressure , Randy start to walk down the corridor to where the photocopier be , with Maria in tow . he be obviously in a hurry , fitting Maria in between press work at the office . randy ( cont 'd ) I be up till three , I do some research for you . maria I be impressed . randy get someone on the ground in Vienna . for the first time in fifty year , they have open the archive . so you start by try to find a copy of Adele 's will . they have arrive at the photocopier . he start to make copy for she . maria and then what ? randy the austrian Ministry of Culture have set up a committee to review each case individually . you need to fill in a application for they to consider you claim by the end of next month at the latest . maria next month ? he hand she a piece of paper - she scan it with she eye . randy I have send away for one already . maria slow down , you be go too quickly for I . you can explain thing to I over lunch . and just then , he see sherman again , come out of a conference room . randy oh , no , no , no , no . I can not do lunch . I can not do lunch , Maria . int . norm 's diner . day . they have have lunch . Randy have place the photocopy papers on the table , amidst the leftover . randy this be three name of the top restitution lawyer in America . ( more ) 16 randy ( cont 'd ) they 's 11 cost you but without they , it 's a non-starter . maria all I have be my bungalow , my shop , and a little money I have be save for a trip to Hawaii . I do not want to start throw cash at some fancy lawyer . he hand she the photocopy across the table , start to put on he jacket . randy I need to go . maria Randy , I do not want to rock you boat . randy well , thank you , how considerate . maria but maybe you can help I on the side . like a hobby . he make a sign at the waitress for the check . randy you can not do this ‘on the side 's Maria , this be a full time job , this be not a hobby . maria you be quite rude , a little uncouth , and completely disinterested in the past . randy and you have a talent for make I feel good about myself . maria but you have the connection . randy the connection ? maria you family , Randy . you grandparent . they be from Vienna . we have the same history . and to this he have no answer . int . randy'' office . day . back on he computer that afternoon , Randy close a work page and start look for info on the actual painting , find a piece about it , and he eye fall on a sentence about its estimate value . 17 with he we read the word : '' estimate value be over a hundred million dollar '' . we watch he reaction at this piece of information . ext . los angele park . day . Randy and Pam be have a evening stroll in a local park . Randy have dora , they baby daughter , strapped to he . as Randy talk to she about this change of heart , he try to appear casual , nonchalant - a performance to keep she on he side . randy I can help she find the will , get the ball roll , then hand the whole thing over to someone else . pam you mean you be go to go all the way to Austria ? randy so all I need to do be get the firm interested . pam you sure that 's a good idea ? you have only just start the job , how do you think they will react if you run off ? randy I be not go to run off , honey , I just want to persuade they to let I go . it 's not a big deal . pam besides , you think the austrian will make it that easy for you ? ' here 's the file and a pastry 's ? randy nothing to lose . pam be not there ? and she question hover in the air . int . sherman 's office . day . Randy sit in sherman 's impressive office . he 's hand sherman a folder which sherman be scan he eye over . sherman I can not have you in Austria chase painting , Randy . randy not just any painting sir . 18 sherman I know they well . we daughter go to Vienna and all we get be the lousy fridge- magnet . randy I see it as a possible investment for the firm . sherman go on . randy it 's all in there , sir . there seem to be a move in Austria towards make reparation for the past . and this painting be priceless . I would be ..we have be represent Mrs. altmann . sherman you really think a painting that end up as a fridge - magnet will ever leave Austria ? randy I think it would be a mistake not to take a look . for a second sherman could go either way . sherman one week max , I want you back on the 3rd . randy thank you , sir ! int . maria 's boutique . day early evening and Maria have just receive a new shipment of sweater at she small boutique . she be take they out of the container , place they carefully onto the shelf . Randy burst in from the street . she work throughout the scene . randy still work . maria I ’1ll close the shop only when I croak . randy I have get the green light - I 'il go over , try and find the will . then we take it from there . she be thrilled . maria you be chomping at the bite all of a sudden ! 19 randy the bit , yes . and I have get another idea ... he put a copy of a austrian newspaper , the wiener Zeitung , on the counter where she 's fold the sweater . point to a article . the sight of the austrian paper unnerve she . randy ( cont 'd ) my mother send I this . there 's a art restitution conference plan later this month . they be look for speaker . I think you should be one of they . maria what be you talk about ? randy elegant descendant of one of the great viennese family - the press would love you . it would speed thing up , apply pressure . maria I love you enthusiasm . after all , I be not a spring chicken , we need to get move . but in you haste , there 's be a misunderstanding . randy there have ? and suddenly she tone change , a raw nerve have be touch . she stop she work , fold up the newspaper and put it in he hand . maria I be not go back to that place . not now , not ever . randy I do not understand . maria they destroy my family . they kill my friend and force I to abandon the people and place that I love . randy over half a century ago . maria you think that 's a long time ? randy we would only go back for a few day . and now she snap , show that steel . 20 maria Randy , you be not listen ! I would rather die than go back there . not for all the painting in the world . she suddenly feel she may have over - react , pull back , and smile at he . but she know she 's make she point . maria ( cont 'd ) anyway , a few day ago you be not even interested in the case , now you be all over I like a rash . what happen ? randy against my better judgement , I think I like you . and she give he a shrewd look . he can not quite fool she . but despite he shortcomings , she can not help like he back . int . maria' live room . night . at home Maria be alone in she live room , sit in a arm - chair in she dress - gown , surround by all she thing . and in she face we see that Randy 's suggestion that she should return have unleash a tumult of conflict emotion . int . the schoenbergs 's kitchen . night . Randy be feed dora , who be in a high -chair . Pam , who be a part-time photographer , have some of she most recent photo spread out on the kitchen table and be go through they . it 's obvious that she 's not happy about he decision to go . randy I ’'1l be back before you know it . four day , a week at most . depend on the reception I get . pam so what 's you plan ? randy it 's just a hunch , no real plan . she stop what she 's do . pam be you sure about this ? we have wait so long for this . you , I , dora . it 's everything we have dream of . I do not think we should jeopardise that . randy I be not emigrate to the congo , I be go to Austria for a few day , with the firm 's bless . what do you think ? 21 she stand up , walk over to he , give he a kiss on the forehead . pam ok . and she leave the room . but she word take the wind out of he sail and plant some doubt in he mind . int . maria' live room . night . still in she nightie and dress - gown , Maria walk up to the old record - player , pick up a record to play . the record be schubert 's du bist die ruh , sung by she husband , fritz . his name and picture be on the record cover . near the record - player , there be a photo of they both on they wedding day . with the music play , she walk slowly over to the dining room door , open it . for a few second , she stand in the doorway look at all of she sister 's belonging . almost as if she be frighten of get closer . then , slowly , she move forward and start go through they , pick thing up from time to time to examine they , object from they share past : photograph , letter , book in german , toy . a whole world . and as she go through they , a change be happen in she , a realisation . finally , she pick up the old postcard of Adele . and then , a memory return -- int . adele 's bedroom . night . 1920s Adele be sit in front of she mirror , put the final touch to she outfit for a night out . out of the corner of she eye she spot Maria , the child , who be peek through a gap in the door . adele adele ( cont 'd ) I see you Maria . come closer . ich sehe dich Maria . komm she . Maria edge in and come to stand behind she . adele adele ( cont 'd ) why do not you help you aunt modchtest du deiner tante put on she favourite helfen , machst du mir die necklace ? kette zu ? she hang she diamond and pearl necklace around she neck . adele adele ( cont 'd ) you little finger be deine kleinen finger sind perfect for the job . gerade richtig dafiir . Maria do as she 's tell , mesmerise by she charismatic aunt and she beautiful necklace . adele one day soon you be go to have to stop be so timid . life will demand it of you . when the necklace be fastened , 22 adele ( cont 'd ) bald wirst du aufhéren miissen , so schiichtern zu sein . das leben verlangt viel von un . she turn around and take Maria 's face in she hand . adele you only enemy be fear . adele ( cont 'd ) dein einziger feind ist die angst . int . the schoenbergs 's bedroom . night . 1998 the phone ring in Randy and Pam 's bedroom . they be sleep . Randy wake , pick it up . randy hello ? ext . maria 's garden . night . Maria be stand under the Los Angeles night in she garden , on the wireless phone to he . as she speak , it take some courage to form the word . maria I know it 's the middle of the night but if I wait until the morning , I might change my mind . she stop for a second , take a breath . maria ( cont 'd ) I have decide to face the ghost . int . the schoenbergs 's bedroom . night . Randy put the phone down . Pam have wake , be look at he questioningly . randy she 's complicated . int . maria 's boutique . day Maria attaches a piece of paper to the shop door which read : ' the shop will be close until tuesday the 4th of april 's . and as she do it , the doubt have creep in again : be she do the right thing ? 23 ext . L.A. highway / int . car day . Pam be drive Maria and Randy to the airport . Maria , dress to the nine for the trip , be in the front seat . Randy be in the back . pam you Mom call again this morning . she want you to visit the holocaust memorial while you be over there . randy I know . she 's ask I seven time . pam she say you should do it in honour of she grandparent . maria siegmund and malvina . she have the most beautiful eye , like a owl . randy I notice that 's a big suitcase you be bring along , Maria . you sure you be take enough stuff ? maria if I be go back , I might as well do it in style . now Pam , darling , would you mind go a little quick , we will miss we flight . randy it do not leave for another four hour . maria I want to buy perfume and cognac in the duty free . Pam and Randy exchange a share look in the rear-view mirror as he pull a face of mock terror . what be he get himself into ? ext . a L.A. highway . day maria ( 0.s. ) maybe you should change lane . pam with pleasure , Mrs. altmann . and Pam put she foot down on the pedal and overtake another car . Maria 's bossiness be effective . 24 ext . vienna STREET . day . 1938 a abstract , nightmare vision - a jewish woman in a fur coat be scrubbing the pavement , surround by a jeer , mock crowd of people . a moment of absolute degradation . and a voice be hear . steward ( 0.s. ) steward ( cont 'd ) we be about to land in wir werden gleich in wien Vienna . please fasten you landen . bitte schnallen sie seat- belt . sich a . int . austrian airline plane , economy CLASS . day . it be a nightmare - and the voice wake Maria up with a sudden start . but it 's only the air steward . Maria look out of the window at Vienna , shimmer in the spring sunshine below they . maria I never think I have come back . she put she hand on Randy 's . in that one gesture of physical intimacy , all she fear be obvious . and Randy be a little take aback by it - he sense the emotional nature of the job he 's accept and this make he a little nervous . ext . vienna . day . montage of Vienna , a world away from Los Angeles : the park , the tree-line avenue , the schonbrunn Palace . ext . vienna taxi . day . Randy and Maria in the back of the cab take they from the airport to the hotel . Maria be stare out of the window . randy some guy from the Ministry have agree to see I tomorrow . I have a feel he 's in charge of paper - clip . maria we be lucky anyone have agree to meet we at all . randy but you do not have to come , you can stay at the hotel . maria we have not even arrive and you be already think of way to get rid of I . randy I do not really / 25 maria anyway , I want to go to the belvedere to visit my aunt . the postcard do not do she justice . Maria stare out of the window . they be on the ringstrasse now , and the car stop at a traffic light by a cafe . Maria look through the cafe window . and suddenly , for a second , through Maria 's eye , it change . in the cafe , in amongst all the people in modern dress , she see herself as a child , with she sister luise , and she aunt Adele . the girl be eat ice-cream , and Adele be laugh at something one of they have say . Maria blink nervously and it all return to the present . a momentary memory . int . HOTEL reception . day . at the reception of they small hotel they be signing in . the receptionist , a young austrian man , be write down the detail from Maria 's passport and notice that she be bear in Vienna . receptionist you be bear in Vienna Mrs. altmann ? maria just round the corner , yes . receptionist receptionist ( cont ’d ) you speak german ? sprechen sie deutsch ? maria ( cont 'd ) yes . but I choose to speak English this day . receptionist I hope you enjoy you stay . maria I nil certainly try . and there be a nervousness in she which manifest itself in a slight terseness . ext . elizabethstrasse . dusk . later that night Randy and Maria be walk under the street - lamp of elizabethstrasse . suddenly she stop in she track . her family home stand before they . the emotion be clear in she eye and voice . Randy notice . randy be you alright , Maria ? maria there it be . no. 18 . we home . 26 randy it 's beautiful . but Maria be overwhelm , and can not speak . ext . elizabethstrasse . dusk . and a few minute later they be walk round the side of the house , see it from different angle and the memory have flood back . maria the thing this house have see Randy . great writer , artist and musician pass through this door , include you grandfather of course . and once , Doctor Freud . on my wedding night , half of Vienna be here . the world be change around we , but we dance on , unaware . only half conscious . randy too much alcohol ? and the minute it 's out , he know he 's ruin the moment . she give he a wither look . she be incense . maria be everything a joke to you ? and she walk away . he stand in she wake , cursing himself . ext . vienna HOTEL . night . they be nearly back at the hotel now , maria walk ahead angrily , with Randy in tow , feel she wrath . maria I think we have both make a mistake come here . randy I be sorry , Maria . just as they approach the hotel , a man emerge from the shadow . it be hubertus czernin : in he mid-forty , handsome , intellectual and aristocratic . hubertus Mrs. altmann ? Maria and Randy be take by surprise . hubertus ( cont ’d ) I spot you name on the list of speaker for the restitution conference and I track you down . Randy be immediately suspicious . 27 randy and you be ...? hubertus hubertus czernin , investigative reporter . I have be call a thorn in the austrian backside . I take it as a great compliment . he take Maria 's hand and kiss it . Randy balk a little . hubertus ( cont ’d ) welcome to Vienna . int . HOTEL bar . night . in the empty bar of the small hotel Maria and Randy have a whisky with hubertus . hubertus place a copy of he magazine profil on the table in front of they . hubertus I be the editor . my little austrian baby . it keep I sane . Randy flick through it , still suspicious . hubertus ( cont ’d ) when I write a piece expose the Nazi past of we own President waldheim a man walk up to I in the super - market and spat in my face . he call I a traitor . I say to he I be a true austrian . only I know how much I love this country . maria and what make you interested ina couple of Californian tourist Mr. czernin ? hubertus I just think you could do with a austrian friend . Randy hand he back the magazine . randy what for ? hubertus like many Americans Mr. schoenberg , perhaps you have a tendency to be a little optimistic . randy I do ? hubertus this whole restitution thing begin as a p.r. exercise . Austria want to improve its image abroad . ( more ) 28 hubertus ( cont 'd ) but now it 's turn into a pandora 's box . maria they do not want to give away they treasure . hubertus so they be go to put as many obstacle in you way as possible . and I might just be able to help you get over some of they . randy and what 's in it for you ? what 's you motive ? hubertus smile at the abruptness of Randy 's question . hubertus let 's just say it 's a very particular brand of patriotism . he stand . hubertus ( cont ’d ) now if you will excuse I , I think I will treat we to another round of drink . maria wonderful idea . and he leave the table and make he way to the bar . Randy continue to look suspicious and Maria use the opportunity to score a point . maria ( cont 'd ) I like he . at least he have some manners . but Randy do not look convinced . int . maria' HOTEL bedroom . night . Maria be in she nightie , brush she hair and get ready for bed . she go into the bathroom and pour some water over she face . she look into the mirror questioningly . have she do the right thing come back ? and young maria appear in the mirror 's reflection : she twenty - two year old self in she bridal dress . and we hear the voice of she husband fritz , as he sing a mozart aria . int . live room , elizabethstrasse . night . 1938 and it 's the night of she wedding to fritz - the whole of viennese society in they finery . fritz come to the end of the aria and there be applause as gustav take to the floor , with therese at he side . gustav when my daughter Maria tell I that she be marrying a opera singer I say ' as long as he 's not plan to sing puccini at the wedding 's . so we settle on mozart . let 's keep the whole thing austrian I say . some laughter , applause . gustav I ask you lady and gentleman to raise a glass to fritz and Maria . wedding guest Long live the bride and groom . 29 gustav ( cont ’d ) al mir meine tocher Maria sagte , sie wiirde einen opernsanger heiraten , sagte ich nur , ' solange er nicht vorhat , puccini auf der hochzeit zu singen ' . deswegen einigten wir un auf mozart . ich sagte , lass un das ganze auf 6sterreichisch machen . gustav ( cont ’d ) meine damen und herren , ich bitte sie , erheben sie ihr glas und lassen sie un auf fritz und Maria anstofen . wedding guest ( cont ’d ) hoch lebe das brautpaar . and everybody toast to ' fritz and Maria 's . gustav this be troubling day . let we hope that this memorable evening be a harbinger of happier time . gustav ( cont ’d ) das sind finstere Zeiten - hoffen wir , dass dieser unvergessliche abend unter einem gute omen fiir gliicklichere tage steht . vocal agreement by the audience but you can tell that neither they or gustav be convinced by this last word . int . live room elizabethstrasse . night . Maria and fritz now make they way through the music and the crowd , be congratulate and fete . they pass by luise who be dance the foxtrot brilliantly . young maria so like my sister to upstage I even on my wedding day ! young maria ( cont ’d ) typisch meine schwester ! - sogar auf meiner hochzeit stiehlt sie mir die schau . and she uncle ferdinand find they in the bustle . ferdinand Young man you better look after you treasure here . ferdinand ( cont 'd ) junger Mann , passen sie gut auf ihren schatz auf . 30 fritz I ’l1l do my best sir . fritz ( cont 'd ) ich werde mein bestes tun , mein herr . ferdinand and now , may I borrow my niece for a few minute ? ferdinand ( cont 'd ) und darf ich meine nichte jetzt auf ein paar minuten entftihren ? fritz she 's all yours . fritz ( cont 'd ) bitte sehr ! int . the adele room , elizabethstrasse . night . off one of the corridor , one of the room be a shrine to Adele 's memory . nothing in it apart from Adele 's portrait , the other klimt and vase of flower . a fire - place too with a fire burn . ferdinand and Maria sit under the portrait . ferdinand it make I sad you aunt Adele be not here to admire you today . young maria I too uncle . ferdinand at least she 's not alive to witness what be happen to the country she love so much . ferdinand ( cont 'd ) es macht mich traurig dass deine tante Adele nicht hier ist , um dich heute zu bewundern . young maria ( cont ’d ) mich auch , onkel . ferdinand ( cont 'd ) wenigstens muss sie nicht erleben , be mit ihrem heissgeliebten land geschieht . he take out a small jewelry case . ferdinand I want you to have this Maria . ferdinand ( cont 'd ) ich moechte , dass du sie bekommst , Maria . he open the case : it be Adele 's diamond necklace - the same one she wear in the painting , the same one Maria fastened around she neck as a child . young maria her favourite . young maria ( cont ’d ) thre lieblingskette . ferdinand stand up and fasten it around she neck . Maria be deeply move by the gesture . ferdinand like she , you be head -strong and inquire . something of Adele 's spirit be in you . ferdinand ( cont 'd ) wie sie , bist du eigensinnig und neugierig . du hast etwa von adele charakter in dir . young maria I will always treasure it . gustav enter with luise . young luise there you be ! come Maria , it 's time for the cake ! gustav the whole world have be look for you ! young maria alright , alright . Maria walk up to she uncle and luise grab she by the hand . young luise hurry up ! I be hungry ! 31 young maria ( cont ’d ) ich werde sie immer zu schadtzen wissen . young luise ( cont ’d ) Da bist du ja ! komm 's Maria , es ist Zeit fiir de torte ! gustav ( cont ’d ) die ganze welt ist auf der suche nach dir ! young maria ( cont ’d ) schon gut , ich komme . embrace he . he kiss she . young luise ( cont 'd ) and she drag Maria out of the room . ferdinand that Maria of yours be a heart-stealer . Mach ' schnell ! ich bin hungrig ! ferdinand ( cont 'd ) deine Maria ist unwiderstehlich . he walk up to a small drink tray and pour himself a whisky and one for he brother . ferdinand the chancellor have concede on every front . Hitler have make some empty promise about austrian sovereignty but my bet be that before the end of the month the Nazis will be march round the ringstrasse in they jackboot . gustav you really think that be possible ? the austrian will not allow it . he hand it to he . ferdinand ( cont 'd ) Der kanzler hat alle bewilligt . Hitler hat einige leere versprechen tiber osterreich souveranitat gemacht , aber ich wette , dass die Nazis noch vor monatsende in ihren stiefeln um die ringstrasse marschieren werden . gustav ( cont ’d ) glaubst du wirklich , dass das méglich ist ? die osterreicher werden es nicht zulassen . ferdinand I will leave for Zurich on Sunday with luise . by next week , the rest of you must join we . gustav we can not leave , just like that . there will be much to do , we have to take we time . ferdinand like always , you be a dreamer , gustav . time be the one thing we have not get . 32 ferdinand ( cont 'd ) ich reise be sonntag mit luise nach Ziirich . bis nadchste woche miisst ihr alle dort eingetroffen sein . gustav ( cont ’d ) wir kénnen nicht einfach so weggehen . es gibt viel zu tun , wir brauchen Zeit . ferdinand ( cont 'd ) du bist wie immer ein traumer , gustav . Zeit ist das einzige , be wir nicht haben . and gustav can not ignore this final word . they strike a chord with he and for the first time , there be a very palpable worry in he eye . int . live room , elizabethstrasse . night . after the cut of the cake , Maria and fritz be surround by family and friend . therese be make the most of the moment as the mother of the bride , make a little speech . therese now it be time for the mother to speak ! and all I can do be wish this child a life of peace and love . therese ( cont 'd ) jetzt ist es a der Zeit , dass die mutter ein paar worte spricht ! alle , be ich tun kann , ist , diesen kindern ein leben in fried und liebe zu wiinschen . and break the solemnity of the moment , fritz bring a forkful of cake to Maria 's mouth . fritz the diet be over , you fit into you wedding dress . now open you mouth and eat some ! young maria alright . but I have some news for you . this be the last time you be tell I what to do ! fritz ( cont 'd ) die Zeit des abmagern ist vorbei , du passt doch in dein brautkleid . jetzt mach de mund auf und iss ! young maria ( cont ’d ) gut . aber ich sage dir , das ist das letzte mal , dass du mir sagst , be ich tun soll ! and everybody laugh as Maria take a giant bite of the cake . 33 int . live room , elizabethstrasse . night . and now everyone be dance - the family , the guest , the old and the young . and as the pace of the dance pick up there be a sense in all of they that this may well be the final dance . there be spirit and warmth in the dancer but there be also the knowledge that this be the end of a era . and with that knowledge , the dance turn slightly frenzied , manic , as if all who dance be try to dance they way out of the terrible fate that await they . int . archive office , ministry of culture . day . 1998 Randy and Maria be sit wait for someone from the Archive Department . no -one be pay much attention to they . Randy look at the clock on the wall . randy forty -five minute . maria something tell I we will be do a lot of wait in Austria . a archive employee appear , a stern look woman in she fifty . she be hold a file . she speak german . archive employee archive employee ( cont ’d ) you application to search ihre anfrage auf the archive have be nachforschung im archiv ist receive but it have not be eingetroffen , wurde aber noch process yet . nicht bearbeitet . Randy try to reply in german but be useless - he have a very strong american accent and completely mispronounce the word . randy randy ( cont 'd ) quickly , please . schnell , bitte ! archive employee archive employee ( cont ’d ) we will let you know when wir werden sie permission be grant . benachrichtigen , sobald die freigabe erfolgt ist . and she walk off . randy I think that 's a no . maria that 's austrian bureaucracy for you . selectively efficient . and by the way , I think you say you have forget most of the german you grandmother teach you . randy thanks , Maria , that 's kind . 34 maria you have not forget most of it . you have forget all of it . and she 's walk towards the door , leave he reeling in she wake . int . office in ministry of culture . day . Randy and Maria be in the office of a junior official in the Ministry of Culture . the man be superficially cordial and smile a lot but there be a air of impatience to he , as if he have more press matter . junior official the restitution Committee have decide you case be worthy of a review Mrs. altmann . maria Young Mr. schoenberg and I have travel all this way so we would appreciate discuss my case with the Committee before they make any decision at all . junior official the Committee will not be interact with external party . maria we be a external party , be we ? randy the painting belong to Mrs. altmann 's family . junior official it be a internal matter . but you must trust that all due procedure will be follow . and he stand . junior official ( cont ’d ) and now if you do not mind , I have a reception to go to . do make sure you enjoy you stay in we beautiful city . it 's be a real pleasure to meet you . and they be ushere into the reception area and the door have close behind they . int . reception area , ministry of culture . day . stand in the reception area , Maria and Randy try to come to term with the manner in which they have just be treat . maria this man have the smile of a psychopath . 35 she joke but Randy notice she 's be affect by the meeting . randy how be you do ? maria I be wonder if I have the strength to deal with this people . and we have only be here a day . and she give he a vulnerable smile . ext . the belvedere . day . Randy , Maria and hubertus be walk towards the main entrance of the belvedere in the morning sunshine . randy it look like we be not go to get a copy of the will before we have to leave after all . maria the archive department be not exactly helpful . hubertus thankfully I have what be commonly know as a ' mole 's in the belvedere . someone who can speed thing up . hubertus hand Randy a piece of paper with a number on it . hubertus ( cont ’d ) on monday the museum be all lock up . but my friendly mole will be wait for you . I hope you be not allergic to a little dust . maria do not I tell you he be go to be useful , Randy ? hubertus be patient , Maria . he will soon come to see that some austrian be he friend , whatever they motive . randy keep work at it . and Randy 's little retort be enough for we to know that he doubt about hubertus be thawing . int . the belvedere . day . Maria , Randy and hubertus be walk through the belvedere gallery . suddenly , Maria stop in she track . she see a portrait she recognise . it be the klimt portrait of amalie Zackerkandl . 36 maria amalie Zuckerkandl . also paint by klimt . she be a friend of we family . she be murder by the Nazis . hubertus at belzec death camp , yes . Mrs. altmann , you aunt be around this corner . be you ready for the reunion ? they turn the corner and there she be : klimt 's portrait of Adele . the emotion be evident on Maria 's face and she can not help but whisper she aunt 's name to herself . maria aunt Adele . Randy too be bewitch by the painting , he stare up at it in awe and admiration . hubertus rightly or wrongly she have become embed in Austria 's identity . a national icon . Adele have become part of the country 's psyche . but as he talk Maria 's mind have travel to the distant past -- CUT to : int . the adele room , elizabethstrasse . night . 1924 . Young Maria look up at the klimt painting of she aunt which now hang on the wall . Adele approach she . adele adele ( cont 'd ) do you like it ? gefallt es dir ? child maria child maria ( cont ’d ) why be it all gold ? warum ist da soviel gold ? Adele sit on the sofa , indicate to Maria that she should come sit on she knee . she do so . together they look up at the painting . adele adele ( cont 'd ) ignore all the gold . that 's vergiss das ganze gold . das klimt . look at my face ist klimt . schau lieber statt instead . do it resemble I ? dessen lieber auf mein gesicht . ist es mir ahnlich ? child maria child maria ( cont ’d ) yes . but I do not think you ja . aber du schaust nicht look happy . gliicklich aus . Adele be take aback by she perception and honesty . adele I wonder what it will be like to be a woman when you be older . whether you will have to amuse yourself with triviality . she look at she niece and see adele or maybe time will change thing . int . the belvedere . day . 37 adele ( cont 'd ) ich frage mich , wie es sein wird , wenn du erwachsen bist , wenn du eine frau geworden bist . ob du dich wohl mit belanglosigkeiten zufrieden geben musst ? a reflection . adele ( cont 'd ) vielleicht andern sich ja die Zeiten . suddenly the voice of a tour-guide bring she back to the present . the tour-guide be a austrian woman and she follower be a pack of teenage tour guide Austria 's own woman in gold , paint by klimt . one of we most famous painting , a glorious example of Austria 's heritage . Maria can not control herself . snap . maria she be steal by thief ! suddenly , unexpectedly , school -child . . tour guide ( cont ’d ) osterreich goldene Adele , gemalt von klimt . eine unserer beriihmtesten gemalde , ein herausragende beispiel 6sterreichischen kulturerbe . she maria ( cont 'd ) sie wurde von dieben gestohlen ! the tour guide and the student look at she as if she be a mad woman and then move to another painting . some of the teenager giggle at she . Maria pull herself together . randy Maria ? with shaking hand she take out of she bag a small camera . maria Excuse the temper of a eccentric old woman . Mr. czernin , will you kindly take a photograph of I and Randy please ? hubertus with pleasure . Maria and Randy pose in front of the painting . hubertus be about to take the shot when they be approach by a gruff guard . 38 guard take photograph be forbidden ! and just as quickly , Maria have return to she usual self . calmly , almost flirtatiously , she turn to the guard . maria this woman be my aunt and this painting belong to my family . for once , please make a exception to you rule ... she lean forward and peer at he name - tag . maria ( cont 'd ) .... franz . thank - you . you be very kind and most understanding . the guard be dumb-struck , speechless . maria ( cont 'd ) come on Randy . relax and smile . and they pose for hubertus who 's enjoy what he 's just witness . as he take the photograph we see the two woman 's face in close proximity - aunt and niece , past and present -- ext . vienna . day . 1938 . 12th of March , 1938 : the anschluss . Nazi troops march down the street of Vienna - and the crowd be jubilant . people be throw flower . Maria and fritz have come to witness it all . they stand behind the crowd , try to blend in , but find it increasingly difficult . they then run off into a side street off the main thoroughfare and see stream of joyous young people run in the opposite direction to they , and towards the celebration . alarm by all they see , they run . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) quickly , let 's get home ! schnell , lass un heimgehen ! int . live room , elizabethstrasse . day . Maria , gustav and fritz be listen to the wireless , try to hear the latest news , therese be look out of the window . and all around they the suitcase which have already be pack . fritz fritz ( cont ’d ) it say they have close the sie sagen , dass die grenzen border . geschlossen sind . gustav gustav ( cont ’d ) my brother be right . we mein bruder hatte recht . wir should have leave already . hatten friiher fliehen sollen . therese come and see ! 39 therese ( cont 'd ) shaut she ! they all run over to where therese be by the window , and look out . there be a commotion on the street outside : a woman in a fur coat have be force to she knee by a group of people and make to scrub the pavement . the liquid she be use be obviously caustic - she seem to be in terrible pain when it come into contact with she skin . it be the same moment that Maria see in she nightmare on the plane on the way to Vienna . young maria it 's Mrs. klein . the wife of the doctor . therese what be they do ? what be they do to she ? gustav force she to wash the pavement with acid . therese why ? why be they do this thing ? gustav why do you think , therese ? young maria ( cont ’d ) das ist die frau klein . die frau vom doktor . therese ( cont 'd ) be machen sie da ? be haben sie mit ihr vor ? gustav ( cont ’d ) sie zwingen sie , de gehsteig mit saure zu reinigen . therese ( cont 'd ) warum ? warum ? warum machen sie das nur ? gustav ( cont ’d ) warum wohl , therese ? therese begin to cry . Maria put she arm around she , try to comfort she . gustav have move away from the window . he sit down on the sofa , almost as if he be in a daze . gustav what time be it ? fritz nearly five o'clock , sir . gustav it 's Saturday . fetch I my cello Maria . young maria what for father ? gustav ( cont ’d ) wie spat ist es ? fritz ( cont 'd ) fast flinf uhr. gustav ( cont ’d ) es ist samstag . hol ' mir mein cello , Maria . young maria ( cont ’d ) wofiir , vater ? gustav it 's Saturday and it 's nearly five o'clock . why should this Saturday be different from any other ? therese because it be . gustav I will not allow they ! no. I will not . we will continue . I will not allow they to touch we . young maria oh father . gustav the cello , Maria . 40 gustav ( cont ’d ) es ist samstag , und es ist fast fiinf uhr. warum sollte dieser samstag ander sein al die anderen ? therese ( cont 'd ) er ist halt ander . gustav ( cont ’d ) ich werde nicht klein beigeben ! nein . das werde ich nicht . wir werden weiter machen . ich werde nicht zulassen , dass sie un ein haar kriimman . young maria ( cont ’d ) oh vater . gustav ( cont ’d ) das cello , Maria . int . live room , elizabethstrasse . day . and now they be all sit around gustav who be play the cello . and therese continue to weep quietly . but there be a extraordinary dignity to the family in this moment . ext . a vienna STREET . day . outside the passport Office make shift table have be set up to deal with a barrage of people request passport . hundred of people shouting , push , and a general sense of panic . two official sit at the table and be be assaile from every direction . Maria and fritz be at the front and one of the official be look at they paper- work . Maria , in crisis , seem to be find a new strength . young maria my husband 's brother be in England and my uncle in Switzerland . we have place to stay in both country . there 's only four of we but we need to leave Austria as soon as possible ! official so do all the other Jews . what make you special ? young maria ( cont ’d ) Der bruder meine manne ist in England und mein onkel in der schweiz . wir haben in beiden landern die modglichkeit unter zu kommen . wir sind nur zu viert und wir miissen osterreich so schnell wie méglich verlassen ! official ( cont 'd ) das trifft auf alle juden zu . be unterscheidet sie von dem Rest ? 4l ext . vienna STREET . day . a young jewish boy be be force by a group of young Nazis to write juden on the wall of he father 's bakery . one of the young Nazis jeer at he . young nazi man young nazi man ( cont ’d ) you have it come to you , jetzt hast du dein fett weg , jewish scum ! judenbengel ! Maria and fritz walk past nervously , appal by what they see . people be rush to and for , Vienna be a city in turmoil . and then , as they run down the road they see another man painting juden on a wall . as they pass the corner they see a jewish family be turfed out of they house . Furniture be be take out and book and papers throw out out the window . Maria recoil in horror at what she see but she and fritz keep walk , try to remain unnotice . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) the hatred . my God , the dieser hass . mein gott , hatred . dieser hass . fritz fritz ( cont ’d ) do not look my love , do not schau nicht hin , meine liebe , look . schau nicht hin . int . bloch - bauer residence , stairwell . day . Maria and fritz ascend the stairwell to they apartment . int . entrance hallway , elizabethstrasse . day . they rush into the house . therese be wait in the hallway . therese therese ( cont ’d ) thank heaven . we be dem himmel sei dank . wir worried . haben un schon sorgen gemacht . int . the adele room , elizabethstrasse . night . Maria come in and find gustav under the portrait of Adele . something in he have die , he look a lot older than he do at she wedding a few day ago . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) why be you sit all alone warum sitzt du ganz allein here papa ? hier , papa ? 42 gustav gustav ( cont ’d ) you mother and I . we be deine mutter und ich . wir older . but you and fritz sind alter . aber du und must get away . for therese fritz , ihr miisst fliehen . and I , it 's different . fur therese und mich , ist es ander . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) we be not go anywhere ohne dich gehen wir without you papa. nirgendwohin , papa . gustav begin to weep and you know it 's the first time Maria have ever watch she father cry . he move he head away from she as if to hide he grief . int . the entrance hallway , elizabethstrasse . day . the next morning there be loud knock and bark voice at the door . Maria , fritz , gustav and therese congregate in the hallway - they be still in they dress gowns . therese therese ( cont ’d ) they be here ! sie sind da ! gustav gustav ( cont ’d ) of course they be . fritz , natiirlich sind sie da . fritz , open the door . 6 ffne die tiire . fritz fritz ( cont ’d ) yes sir . jawohl mein herr . he do so and stand on the threshold be the gestapo agent Felix landau in civilian clothes and he two lackey in uniform , heinrich and klaus . without wait to be ask landau step into the house with a air of ownership . he be obsequious and domineer at once . landau ferdinand bloch - bauer ? gustav gustav ( cont ’d ) my brother be in Switzerland mein bruder ist geschaftlich on business . in der schweiz . landau ( cont 'd ) landau ( cont ’d ) be that what it 's call ? ach , so nennt man das ? he start to move into the main live area as if the house be he own . landau move around the house , take it all in . landau ( cont 'd ) you brother be guilty of tax evasion amount to one million reichsmark , perpetrate by he sugar company . his asset have be freeze and until the full amount be pay the oberschiitze here will be stay with you - from now on you be all under house arrest . young maria my uncle be a honest man and a law -abide citizen . landau continue to move around attention to the art work . landau ( cont 'd ) you be a family who appreciate the power of art . he stop by a holbein painting . landau ( cont 'd ) holbein . impressive . 43 landau ( cont 'd ) ihr bruder hat sich mit seiner Zuckerfirma der steuerhinterziehung in hdéhe von einer million reichsmark schuldig gemacht . seine konten wurden gesperrt . bis der volle betrag bezahlt ist , wird der oberschiitze hier bei ihnen bleiben - sie stehen ab sofort unter hausarrest ! young maria ( cont ’d ) mein onkel ist ehrlich und gesetzestreu . the house pay particular landau ( cont ’d ) sie sind eine familie , welche die Kunst schatzt . landau ( cont ’d ) holbein . beeindruckend . int . dine room , elizabethstrasse . day . gustav stoically place two sliver candlestick onto the dining table . it join a collection of precious object which have be gather together and jewelry , porcelain and objet d 's wall , gustav 's cello . landau be spread out on the table - art . and lean against a stand over the loot and go through all of the object , call they out to heinrich who be make a list of they . the bloch - bauer all stand around the room helplessly . landau two gold earring embed with precious stone . a lady patek phillipe wrist - watch . and the next item he landau ( cont ’d ) Zwei gold - ohrringe mit gefassten edelsteinen . eine patek phillipe damen armbanduhr . ick up be Adele 's necklace , ferdinand 's wedding gift to Maria . landau a diamond and pearl necklace . landau ( cont ’d ) ein diamant - und perlenkette . Maria be devastate . she be about to protest but fritz put he arm on hers and stop she . landau walk up to gustav 's cello and pick it up , examine it closely . 44 landau landau ( cont ’d ) and a cello . stradivarius of und ein cello . stradivari course . nothing but the best . natiirlich . nur das beste . and gustav close he eye , distraught . therese can not bear it ; she step forward . therese therese ( cont ’d ) no , please ! it be he source nein , bitte ! es ist of joy . please ! seine lebensfreude . bitte ! but she word fall on deaf ear . ext . the belvedere gallery . day . 1998 on a beautiful morning , Randy and Maria make they way to the belvedere to meet hubertus 's mole and search the archive . randy I really think I could have do this on my own Maria . maria I be not go to miss the fun part . it 's like a James bond film and you be Sean connery . and as they approach the main entrance , they be meet by anna , a chic young woman who work behind the scene at the belvedere . anna hello , I be Anna . it 's a honour to meet you . int . the belvedere bunker - day . Anna guide Randy and Maria into the area behind the scene , pass through a security barrier with a special id . they pass many work of art which be in temporary storage . anna technically what we be do be not illegal , I can authorise it . but still you discretion will be appreciate , I like my job , I want to keep it . 45 randy discretion assure . maria we would never want to get a nice woman like you into trouble , would we Randy ? anna everything from the museum record prior to 1972 be hold in the same room . but I have to warn you - none of it have be computerise yet . she open a door which lead to a vast room of archive . int . belvedere archive room . day . stand in the doorway , Randy , Maria and Anna look at the room - hundred of cabinet which contain thousand of file . anna I think you be go to have a busy day . maria Roll up you sleeve , Randy . int . belvedere archive room . day . a montage of Randy and Maria over the whole day as they rummage through thousand of file and document . the clock on the wall indicate the pass hour . int . belvedere archive room . night . just before midnight Randy find the file he 's look for . randy Eureka . he open it - and see page and page of document from the 1930s and 40s . he throw it to Maria . she look down at it - in big bold letter on the front of the file it have a name : bloch-bauer . she look up at Randy , move and excited . maria this be it ! int . hubertus 's study . day . the next morning hubertus be hold photocopy of all the document . Maria and Randy be with he in he beautiful large study of he flat on the top floor of a Vienna palais - the house of a intellectual , culture man . hubertus congratulation . quite a treasure trove of information . 46 randy hubertus and I be up all night do some homework . maria I be happy to see you be get on so well . randy and now we can start put together a picture of all that happen . hubertus Maria , you be the live link to the past . maria hanging on with my finger - nail ! hubertus tell we what you know . maria my aunt Adele die in 1925 . int . adele 's bedroom , elizabethstrasse . night . 1925 Adele be dead , laid out in she bed with a weep ferdinand by she side . maria meningitis . she be only forty three year old . my uncle be devastate . he say that a large part of he die with she . int . hubertus 's study . day . randy be there ever talk of a will ? maria I remember my uncle mention that she have write one . randy she have . in 1923 , two year before she death . hubertus and now , thanks to you brilliant detective work .. hubertus pick out of the photocopy a copy of the will , show it to Maria : Adele 's signature stand out . maria her signature , mein gott . 47 hubertus I will translate as accurately as I can . this be the part which interest we . he start to translate a part of the will to they . hubertus ( cont ’d ) '' it kindly ask my husband to bequeath ... '' int . study , elizabethstrasse . night . 1923 in gustav 's study , with gustav stand by she side , Adele write she will . hubertus '' , .my portrait and the other klimt painting after he death to the belvedere Gallery in Vienna ... '' and we watch she signing it : Adele bloch - bauer . adele Adele bloch -bauer . int . hubertus 's study . day . maria so she do leave they to the gallery after all . dear I , we have come all this way for nothing . be this what 's know as a anti-climax Randy ? hubertus one step at a time . you be right Maria , she do in fact request for the painting to go to the belvedere but the request have a very specific condition attach to it . and he pick up the will again , read a phrase from it . hubertus ( cont ’d ) '' nach seinem tode '' . maria ' after he death . 's randy she specifically ask for the painting to be give to the belvedere after ferdinand 's death . hubertus let 's tell the story chronologically . Maria , do you have any idea of what happen to you family 's property after you get away ? 48 maria not at all . unlike lot 's wife , I never look back . hubertus but maybe now it 's time to know . Randy , why do not you tell we about the home - work you have be do . maria I do not care if it 's ten o'clock in the morning . pour I a stiff drink . int . live room , elizabethstrasse . day . 1939 the space be full of the cream of the Nazi hierarchy and various art curator - all of they walk around the house , admire the art , make note , cut deal . randy after you escape Austria Maria , you house become the scene of what can only be describe as one of the great viennese auction of the day . hubertus you family 's belonging end up in the hand of the most powerful criminal of the Nazi elite . int . hubertus 's study . day . this news be affect Maria , every new piece of information like a stab in the heart . maria all we personal thing ... randy handed over to whoever take a shine to they . and they have a word for it . hubertus aryanisation . ext . elizabethstrasse - day . two man in Nazi uniform be carry a painting out of the house and load it into the back of a small truck . the painting be not visible , cover in cloth . hubertus do you know for instance that one of you uncle 's favourite painting , a waldmuller portrait of Count esterhazy as a boy .. 49 int . the live room , elizabethstrasse . day . and Maria as a small child be go through she uncle 's stamp collection , with ferdinand by she side . they be sit on the sofa and on the wall above they hang the waldmuller . maria I remember it , it be in the live - room . one of he favourite painting .. int . berghof . day . and the painting be unveil in a room near a window through which we catch a glimpse of snow - cap mountain . hubertus .- end up decorate the wall of no less a place than the berghof , Hitler 's private residence in the bavarian alp . and we see the back of a man whom we suspect be Hitler admire the new acquisition . int . vienna state opera . night . a glitter audience populate by Nazis and they female companion fill the Opera House during a performance of a wagner opera . on stage , a tenor sing a aria . and in the audience , on one of the balcony , herman goering sit next to he young wife emmy who be wear Adele 's necklace and glow with the knowledge that all admire eye be on she . hubertus or that you aunt 's necklace , the same one she wear in the klimt portrait , come to adorn the neck of Emmy goer , herman goer 's young wife . int . hubertus 's study . day . Maria 's devastation grow as she hear of the fate of she family 's most treasure possession . she take a swig of the bourbon that hubertus have pour for she . maria I almost wish you have not tell I all this . hubertus none of the proceed of this sale of course trickle through to you family . maria not a shilling . 50 int . the adele room , elizabethstrasse . night . a man sit in the Adele room , look up at the portrait in admiration as he smoke a cigar : bruno grimshitz . hubertus the Nazis themselves be not that keen on the klimt - they be , after all , a little too degenerate for they taste . but the painting catch the eye of someone with a more prescient and refine appreciation of art : bruno grimshitz , the director of the belvedere Gallery . int . hubertus 's study . day . maria grimshitz . a appropriately name character . int . the adele room , elizabethstrasse . night . and now we watch the portrait of Adele be take off the wall in elizabethstrasse by two man in Nazi uniform with grimshitz supervise . hubertus the painting be take off the wall of you family home and carefully transport to what become they final rest place . int . the belvedere . day and we watch the portrait of Adele be hang carefully in the Gallery as grimshitz look on . randy grimshitz know a masterpiece when he see it . and then , out of nowhere , a constantly change parade of museum visitor through the post - war decade from 1946 to the present pass by the painting , many pause to admire it . hubertus of course , certain fact have to be alter . like you aunt 's name for instance . and she jewish provenance of course . for a short while after the war she become simply know as .. and a visitor lean in to observe the name of the painting write on a plaque : woman in gold . 51 int . hubertus 's study . day . randy woman in gold . maria even she identity be steal from she . hubertus it be not enough to rob you family and try to destroy it . you have to be eradicate from history . maria we be jewish , after all . randy so the painting reach the belvedere ... hubertus in 1941 . you uncle , if I be not mistaken Maria die .. maria at the end of the war , in forty - five . hubertus a whole four year later . randy so contrary to the request in Adele 's will they be there well before he death . maria he die in that hotel in Zurich alone , have lose everything . hubertus and if I be not mistaken , he write he own will before he die .. maria he do , yes . int . HOTEL bedroom , zurich . day . ferdinand write a will in he hotel bedroom and we see the two name of he niece as he pen they : luise , Maria . hubertus leave he entire fortune , or at least the shred that be leave of it , to you and you sister , he only live heir . 52 int . HOTEL bedroom , zurich . night . ferdinand sit on the edge of he bed , stare into the past , alone , approach the end of he life . hubertus it be one of the last thing he do before he die a few day later . int . hubertus 's study . day . hubertus after the war you sister appoint the lawyer Johann rinesch to see what he could do . a honest man I think , but slightly ineffectual . randy that 's a kind understatement . hubertus he start make inquiry about the will but do not get very far . randy eventually , the belvedere persuade he to sign the export permit as guarantee that you have never go after the klimt . hubertus and from that point on , either through oversight or intent , the manner in which the painting get to the belvedere in the first place be conceal . maria so for decade the truth be obscure . randy until now . maria but even if all this happen , the simple fact be that Adele 's will do ask for they to go there . so we have not really get a case . hubertus we have keep the best for last . Randy why do not you show Maria we trump card ? and Randy triumphantly bring out a official look document form the bloch - bauer file . maria what 's this ? 53 randy a declaration by you father that ferdinand pay for the painting . he be the rightful owner , not Adele . hubertus the painting be not hers to give away . and the magnitude of what they reveal suddenly dawns on she . maria the will be invalid . randy technically , it 's not even a will . it 's not legally bind . it 's a wish , that 's all . maria Adele 's wish . hubertus so now we need to get all this to Rudolf wran , the head of the restitution committee . Randy punch the air , start move around the room , he can not control he excitement . randy yes ! and then you aunt be come home with we , Maria ! hubertus Randy , wait , take a deep breath , sit down , listen . Randy do as he 's tell , he sit . hubertus ( cont ’d ) she be the mona Lisa of Austria Randy . randy I do not care if she 's botticelli 's fuck venus ! they have not get a leg to stand on . Maria and hubertus look at each other . maria that 's what happen when he get excited . he start expand he vocabulary . int . the restitution committee office . day . Randy and Maria be try to arrange a meeting with rudolf wran , the chairman of the restitution Committee but be not have much luck with he receptionist . 54 randy the thing be I have already leave he four message this morning . secretary Mr. wran be very busy you understand . maria we realise that but it 's essential that we speak to he . secretary why do not you leave he a message ? maria my dear girl , we be go around in circle . suddenly , at the far end of the room two man walk out of wran 's office and start to make they way to the main entrance of the building . Maria spot they . maria ( cont 'd ) be that he Randy ? Randy look and start to move towards he with speed , Maria in tow . the secretary shout after they . secretary I think it 's best if you leave a message . Randy and Maria catch up with wran who be now alone - the other man have leave the building . Randy be out of breath . randy Mr. wran ? Rudolf wran ? wran look apprehensive . randy ( cont 'd ) Randy schoenberg . and this be my client , Mrs. altmann . wran of course . I be so sorry I have not have a moment to reply to you call . Maria decide to play she flatter card . maria please do not apologise , important man like yourself must be very busy . randy there 's quite a bit of new information the restitution committee need to be aware of before it come to any sort of decision about the bloch - bauer case . 55 wran be there indeed ? Randy give wran the folder . randy it 's all in there . I have make some observation in the margin . wran you have be busy during you stay in Vienna I see . maria we do not come here to eat cake . wran Mr. schoenberg , I hear you be the composer 's grandson . do you know what a fan I be of he work ? randy glad to hear it . maria I can tell you have very refine taste , Mr. wran . wran the genius of the twelve tone compositional system should not be underestimate . randy I could not agree more . wran thank you for you effort . but we have all the information we need . he place the file back in Randy 's hand . wran ( cont 'd ) now if you will excuse I , there be work to be do . wran be off and Randy be leave hold the file . randy at least he 's a fan of my grandfather 's music . maria that fill I with confidence . ext . academy of fine art . day in the morning sunlight Randy and Maria approach the Academy . on a big sign outside it read : art restitution conference , 1998 . 56 randy so weird to think that Hitler once apply to be a art student here . maria I wish they have accept he . who care if he be not a Picasso ? it would have be a lot better if he have spend he life do tacky painting . int . academy of fine art , vienna . day . the main room be full of descendant of family who have they art loot by the Nazis and also by member of the government and media . the room be buzzing . before the speaker commence , all the invite guest be have coffee . Maria , Randy and hubertus be stand in the middle of the throng . Maria look resplendent in a pink suit . hubertus they be all here . the woman just come in the door .. we see elizabeth gehrer be welcome into the room . randy Elizabeth gehrer. Minister of Culture . and we see Rudolf wran greeting she with a embrace . hubertus with you new friend Rudolf wran of the restitution committee . maria we music lover . hubertus quite a turn-out . they be put on a very good show . int . academy of fine art . day everyone be seat and there 's a procession of speaker at the podium and we hear snippet of they speech . the first speaker be Elizabeth gehrer . the whole event be be film for tv . gehrer welcome to the restitution Conference . this be a first step in beginning to make reparation towards that whose art be unlawfully take away from they . 57 int . academy of fine art . day and now we watch a montage of elderly refugee and holocaust survivor give they testimony on the art that be steal from they family . firstly , a woman of Maria 's age , who speak in german : elderly refugee lady elderly refugee lady ( cont ’d ) the beautiful mountain die schéne berglandschaft landscape hang in the main hing im wohnzimmer unsere room of we house . it be the hause . es war das erste , be first thing you see when you man gesehen hat , wenn man das open the front door . haus betrat . int . academy of fine art . day we watch Maria 's reaction to this speech and how they resonate with she . and now , a elderly man with a strong german accent be speak from the podium . old man I will never forget the day that they storm into we house and take we painting off the wall . we sit there , not be able to say anything , to do anything . int . academy of fine art . day it 's Maria 's turn : she be on the podium and speak with quiet confidence - but it be not easy , she voice tremble slightly with emotion . maria when people see the portrait of my aunt , they see a masterpiece by one of Austria 's finest artist . when I see it , I see a woman who talk to I about philosophy while I brush she hair and who tell I off for bite my nail . there be a ripple of laughter from the audience at this very particular memory . maria ( cont 'd ) a woman who , have she not die young , would have have to escape Austria or die in a camp because she be jewish . you see , restitution be a interesting word . of course it mean compensation , but it mean something else as well . I look it up in the dictionary . there be some laughter from the audience as she put on she glass and read from a small piece of paper . 58 maria ( cont 'd ) ' restitution : the return of something to its original state . 's she put down the paper , look at she audience . maria ( cont 'd ) I know I can not be a little girl again but , like so many of my generation , who be force to flee from this city , I would like to return to my original state . I would like to be re-unite with my family . as she speak this word , quietly and with dignity , she can not help the emotion leak through . and we watch how she word affect Randy . ext . academy of fine art . dusk . the conference be over and people be leave through the main door into the cold Vienna evening . Randy and Maria be on the step of the building . as Maria be put on she coat , they be approach by bernard kohler , a high -ranking employee of the belvedere . he hand she he card ; she look at it . Randy be immediately suspicious . kohler Mrs. altmann . Bernard kohler , I work at the belvedere Gallery . maria how can I help you , Mr. kohler ? kohler if the decision of the committee be in you favour , take the three landscape . but we implore you , not the portrait . maria you have grow attach to they . kohler we can not imagine Austria without they . maria once the past have be put to right , I would be open to reach a arrangement with you . kohler I be delighted to hear it . after all , we be all victim of history , Mrs. altmann . Randy be incredulous at what he 's hearing . 59 randy Maria , can I speak to you for a minute ? maria now if you will excuse I , I have a feel that my lawyer be get a trifle nervous . kohler my phone number be on the card . please feel free to call I so we can resume the conversation . kohler smile , give a little bow , and walk away . Randy be fume . randy I think we should be careful what we say , Maria . maria what you mean be you think I should be careful what I say . randy just now , you call I you lawyer . people tend to take advice from they lawyer . maria when they ask for it . now , if you have finish lecture I , I think I be go to walk back to the hotel . and she walk off . Randy watch she go , shake he head , irritate . the tension of the visit be get to they both . hubertus approach he , hold he phone . he have just receive a text message . he show it to Randy . hubertus bad news : they have postpone the announcement of the verdict till Wednesday . randy perfect . two day after I be expect back at work . that 's just perfect . ( NB — randy'' line be copied here and below , so that the below scene can be add without creating extra page ) ext . academy of fine art . dusk annoy by she small altercation with Randy , Maria start to make she way down the step of the Academy . but halfway down the step , a elderly aristocratic austrian man , who be put he jacket on , talk to she , casually throw he word over he shoulder , not look at she in the eye . 60 elderly austrian man a powerful speech you give . but when will you let the past be the past ? you people never give up , do you ? not everything be about the holocaust . she reel at this sudden , unexpected burst of anti-semitism . for a second she look as if she might reply . but then she decide that this man do not merit a answer . she move on , down the step , and towards the road , she dignity intact . randy perfect . two day after I be expect back at work . that 's just perfect . ext . pharmacy , vienna STREET . night . Maria be walk through the back -street of the old town when she suddenly see a place she recognise - a old pharmacy that do not look as if it 's change in a hundred year . she stop , look through the window . she lift she hand and touch it , as if convincing herself that she 's not imagine it . and then , memory come flooding back -- int . live room elizabethstrasse . day . 1938 . fritz be on the telephone . Maria be stand by he side . he place down the receiver and turn to she . they speak in hurried whisper because they know that heinrich the guard , be in the next room . fritz my brother have book the last two ticket on a flight to cologne . we do not need passport . young maria and then what ? fritz ( cont 'd ) from cologne we make we way to the german - dutch border . there 's a contact - a farmer . he 's be pay to smuggle we across . young maria when be the flight to cologne ? fritz eight o'clock this evening . fritz ( cont 'd ) mein bruder hat die letzten zwei flugscheine nach kéln gebucht . wir brauchen keine passe . young maria ( cont ’d ) und be dann ? fritz ( cont 'd ) von kéln aus versuchen wir zur deutsch-hollandischen grenze zu kommen . dort gibt 's einen kontakt - einen bauern . er ist bezahlt , un hiniiber zu schmuggeln . young maria ( cont ’d ) und wann goot der flug nach k61n ? fritz ( cont 'd ) um acht heute abend . Maria come up closer , whisper . young maria I can not leave my parent . fritz it 's we last chance , Maria . 61 young maria ( cont ’d ) ich kann meine eltern nicht im stich lassen . fritz ( cont 'd ) es ist unsere letzte chance , Maria . and she know he 's right ; they have run out of option . fritz but someone have to collect the ticket for we and take we to the airport . young maria a friend of my father 's owe he a favour . fritz he will never let we out of he sight . young maria I have a idea . but first , I have to say goodbye to they . fritz ( cont 'd ) aber jemand muss die flugscheine fiir un abholen und un zum fughafen bringen . young maria ( cont ’d ) ein freund von meinem vater schuldet ihm einen gefallen . fritz ( cont 'd ) er wird un nie aus de augen lassen . young maria ( cont ’d ) ich habe eine idee . aber zuerst muss ich ihnen auf Wiedersehen sagen . int . gustav and therese 's bedroom . day . that afternoon , gustav be in bed , cough . he look very ill , as if he health be deteriorate rapidly . therese be sit by he , read . the door creak open and Maria stick she head in . young maria mother .. father . young maria ( cont ’d ) mutter ... vater . they look up at she and smile weakly . therese come here , my darling . come and sit with we for a while . therese the time have come , have not it ? and Maria have no answer . therese ( cont 'd ) komm she , meine schatz . komm und setz dich einen moment zu un . therese ( cont 'd ) es ist Zeit abschy zu nehmen , stimmt 's ? 62 int . the entrance hallway , elizabethstrasse . day . Maria be put on she coat and glove with determination ooze out of every pore - she be give the performance of she life . fritz stand by Maria 's side but let she do the talk . heinrich be look resistant . young maria you know as well as I do that they will not let my father into the hospital because he have commit the crime of be jewish . so the least you can do be let we go and get he some medication from the pharmacy . heinrich and why do both of you need to go ? young maria ( cont ’d ) sie wissengenau so gut wie ich , dass sie meinem vater nicht erlauben , in spital zu gehen , weil er das verbrechen begangen hat , Jude zu sein . wir kénnen nur zur apotheke gehen und ihm medikamente holen . heinrich ( cont ’d ) und warum miissen sie beide gehen ? and now Maria turn with real stridency to heinrich , she be become a force to be reckone with . young maria oh for God 's sake , if you be that worried we be go to run away why do not you come with we ? young maria ( cont ’d ) ach . um himmel willen , wenn sie so besorgt sind , dass wir weglaufen , warum kommen sie nicht mit ? heinrich resign grudgingly , pick up he coat . heinrich I take you there but we come straight back . young maria that 's a shame . I be hope we could all go to the cinema . heinrich ( cont ’d ) ich bringe sie hin , aber wir kommen sofort zurtick . young maria ( cont ’d ) schade . ich hatte gehofft wir gehen alle zusamman in kino . and she throw fritz a look : this be it . ext . pharmacy , vienna STREET . dusk . it be dusk as Maria , fritz and heinrich arrive at the pharmacy on a quiet side street . it be the same pharmacy that Maria come across as a older woman . as they approach , heinrich take out a pack of cigarettes . heinrich I be go to smoke a cigarette . do not be longer than a minute . heinrich ( cont 'd ) ich rauche eine Zigarette . sie haben eine Minute . 63 the relief be evident on Maria 's face . everything be go accord to plan . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) one minute , that 's all . eine Minute . das reicht . and Maria and fritz walk in . int . the pharmacy . dusk . through the window we can see heinrich smoking . Maria lead fritz up to the counter . they be both nervous and the pharmacist , a hawk - like man pick up on it . he give they a wary look . Maria clock the door that lead to the back of the pharmacy . pharmacist pharmacist ( cont ’d ) what can I do for you ? be darf es sein ? young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) my father have a very high mein vater hat sehr hohe fever and a cough . we need fieber und husten . wir something that will help brauchen etwa , das die lower he temperature . temperatur senkt . pharmacist pharmacist ( cont ’d ) wait here . warten sie hier . he make he way towards the medicine shelf which stand at the back of the area behind the counter . Maria take fritz by the hand and they go to the door that lead to the back of the shop . they open it and dart through it . int . corridor behind pharmacy . dusk . Maria and fritz rush down a small corridor at the rear of the pharmacy towards a door that lead to the back street . they try and open it but it be lock . they both start to panic as they look around for another way out . but there be not one . fritz notice a big bunch of key hang on the wall . he grab they and start try different key in the door , look for the right one . Maria keep look over she shoulder . int . the pharmacy . dusk . the pharmacist turn back towards the counter with the medication in hand . pharmacist pharmacist ( cont ’d ) this should do it . das sollte helfen . but he see they have go . he look around the shop , can not see they . then he notice heinrich , in he uniform , wait for they outside . he become suspicious . 64 and then he see the open door that lead to the corridor . he go through it , like a dog on the scent of something . int . the corridor behind pharmacy . dusk . the pharmacist walk into the corridor and see Maria and fritz try the different key in the door . pharmacist what be you do ? young maria I be feel faint . I need some air . please open the door . pharmacist this be a private area . if you want air , go out the way you come in . pharmacist ( cont ’d ) be machen sie da ? young maria ( cont ’d ) ich fiihle mich schwach . ich brauche etwa luft . bitte 6ffnen sie die tiir . pharmacist ( cont ’d ) die ist ein privater bereich . wenn sie luft brauchen , gehen sie dahin , will sie hergekommen sind . fritz be desperately try the key in the door . pharmacist put that key down ! you have no business be here ! pharmacist ( cont ’d ) legen sie diese schliissel hin ! sie haben hier nicht zu suchen ! Maria know she can not keep the act go . she try to appeal to he kindness . young maria please ! please let we out . we have do nothing wrong . please help we ! pharmacist the soldier smoking on the street be with you ? young maria no . please , quickly , open the door . pharmacist I see you arrive together . young maria please ! young maria ( cont ’d ) bitte ! bitte lassen sie un raus . wir haben nicht unrecht getan . bitte helfen sie un ! pharmacist ( cont ’d ) Der soldat , der auf der strabe raucht , gehért zu ihnen ? young maria ( cont ’d ) nein . bitte , 6ffnen sie die tir , schnell . pharmacist ( cont ’d ) ich habe sie zusamman ankommen sehen . young maria ( cont 'd ) bitte ! 65 and then , he figure it out . pharmacist pharmacist ( cont ’d ) of course , you be Jews . natiirlich , sie sind juden . and he run back into the shop and start shouting to heinrich on the street . pharmacist pharmacist ( cont ’d ) they be try to get away ! die versuchen abzuhauen ! ext . the pharmacy . dusk . heinrich hear the pharmacist call he . he throw he cigarette on the pavement and run into the pharmacy . int / ext . the corridor behind pharmacy . dusk . and just as heinrich come hurtle into the corridor from the pharmacy , fritz find the right key to the door , open it , take the key out again . he and Maria go darting out into a courtyard at the rear of the building . ext . pharmacy courtyard . dusk . fritz and Maria burst through the door just as heinrich reach it . they struggle as heinrich try to open the door and fritz to close it . then , when he manage to slam it shut , fritz quickly stick the key in the lock and lock it . we can hear heinrich pound on it . fritz and Maria leap up the step into the courtyard area where a woman be hang she laundry . for a second , she eye meet Maria 's ; she could go either way . but she decide to help they . she point to the exit . woman in courtyard woman in courtyard ( cont ’d ) that way ! hier lang ! Maria and fritz run out of the courtyard and into the street . int / ext . the corridor behind pharmacy . dusk . and in the corridor , heinrich be cursing and look for a way out . he see a fire hydrant , pick it up , smashes it against the door . the door panel break ; he stick he arm through they and unlock the door from the other side . he open the door and rush out in close pursuit , past the woman with she wash and into the street . 66 ext . vienna back street . dusk . Maria and fritz be run at break neck speed down the little back street . they reach a small juncture in the road and for a second , seem lose . Maria grab fritz by the arm . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) the town Hall be this way ! das rathaus ist hier entlang ! and they tear off again down one of the street . ext . vienna back street . dusk . Maria and fritz be run through a maze of Vienna 's back street . they suddenly find themselves at what look like a cul - de- sac and stop in they track . but then Maria notice some step at the end of the road . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) come ! there be step ! komm ! hier sind stufe ! they reach the step and start run down they but when they be half way down they spot heinrich at the bottom of the step look for they . he do not see they . quietly , they stop and turn around , start inching they way to the top again . but suddenly , two fur-clad , loud woman appear at the top of the stair , mid-conversation and laugh at something . the noise attract heinrich 's attention ; he look up and see fritz and Maria . they break into a run , push by the two woman as they tear past the top of the stair . one of the woman nearly fall over and just as she regains she balance heinrich shoot past she , knock she over . he chase after Maria and fritz . fritz slip on a step and heinrich grab hold of he coat . fritz struggle to get away , shout at Maria . fritz fritz ( cont ’d ) go! go! lauf ! lauf ! for a second she vacillate ; then run off . fritz be struggle to free himself from heinrich 's clutches . ext . bus depot . dusk . Maria be run down the paved back -street again but now the town Hall can be see ahead . as she enter the building complex , she run under the arch , and start weaving she way through the column and through the crowd of people on they evening walk . suddenly , she find herself in a gaggle of people who surround a Orthodox jewish man who be have he ringlet cut off . in horror , she look on , then look up again and see fritz stand in the crowd . he smile for a second - they have find each other again - but make a sign for she to be quiet . he draw she attention to a door behind they and start to move towards it . but then heinrich come run towards the crowd . fritz grab Maria by the hand and they push they way through the people and open the door , disappear into the depot . 67 but one of the woman in the crowd have spot they , see heinrich , get suspicious , and decide to betray they . she shout to heinrich . woman in queue woman in queue ( cont ’d ) here ! they have go in here ! Da ! Da sind sie hinein ! heinrich be still a couple of hundred foot away but he start run towards the woman , and the door . int . bus depot . dusk . Maria and fritz burst into the bus depot area and find themselves on a balcony above the place where the car be ark in amongst a couple of rest bus . Maria spot it immediately . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) it 's there ! Da ! Da ist der wagen ! and they tear down the stair towards it , know they escape be just second away . Three step at a time , they leap down the two flight of stair and throw themselves into the back of the wait car . the engine roar into action just as heinrich appear on the balcony above they . he pull out a gun , take aim and shoot at the car . the bullet hit the boot but the car escape through the depot door and into the night . heinrich bang he gun against the railing . heinrich heinrich ( cont ’d ) shit! scheifse ! ext . vienna aerodrome . dusk . the car arrive outside the small aerodrome . people everywhere with suitcase but also a large number of Nazi soldier . Maria and fritz jump out and through the front window they thank Mr feldmann , fritz 's brother 's friend . fritz shake he hand . young maria young maria ( cont ’d ) thank you so much . vielen dank . mr . feldmann mr. feldmann ( cont ’d ) I have do anything for you ich wiirde alle fiir deine family . good luck . familie tun . viel gliick . and he drive off . Maria and fritz turn around , take a moment to compose themselves , and enter the aerodrome . int . vienna aerodrome . dusk . fritz and Maria be at the check - in , try to look as casual as possible . a female employee of the airline be check they in when they be approach by a Nazi officer . nazi officer nazi officer ( cont 'd ) you ticket please . ihre flugscheine bitte . 68 Maria hand he they ticket which he scan . nazi officer travel to cologne ? fritz cologne , yes . nazi officer you have no luggage ? nazi officer ( cont 'd ) reisen sie nach k6ln ? fritz ( cont 'd ) nach kéln , ja . nazi officer ( cont 'd ) haben sie kein gepack ? fritz be about to talk but look as if he might lose it ; Maria step in with great confidence . young maria it 's all very unexpected . we be go for one night . my husband be understudy wotan at the cologne Opera as they baritone have fall ill . von karajan be conduct , we be very excited . young maria ( cont ’d ) es ist alle sehr unerwartet . wir bleiben nur fiir eine nacht . mein Mann springt fiir wotan a der oper in kéln ein . Der bariton ist krank . von karajan dirigiert , wir sind sehr gespannt . for a beat it look as if he will not buy it . but then it all sound so far- fetch that he do ; he hand back the papers . nazi officer good luck . young maria thank you . nazi officer ( cont ’d ) viel gliick . young maria ( cont ’d ) dankeschoén . and he move on . and then there be a announcement make for the departure of the cologne flight . and the passenger start to cross the tarmac in order to board the plane . ext . the aerodrome field . dusk . it 's get dark now and the passenger form a queue on the tarmac in preparation to board the plane . a stewardess stand at the bottom of the aircraft stair . suddenly , one of the pilot emerge from the plane and come down the step . he whisper something to the stewardess and she then turn to the passenger . stewardess lady and gentleman , bad news I be afraid . due to extreme weather condition stewardess ( cont ’d ) meine damen und herren , aufgrund der extremen wetterbedingungen wird sich we departure will be delay by half a hour . we apologise for the inconvenience . unsere abflug um eine halbe stunde verzdégern . wir entschuldigen un fiir die unannehmlichkeiten . 69 some of the passenger make noise of protestation and annoyance , but Maria and fritz just look at each other with anxiety . the . the aerodrome field . night . a few minute have pass and then the pilot give a sign to the stewardess from the top of the step . she turn to the passenger . stewardess stewardess ( cont ’d ) we be now ready to start wir beginnen jetzt mit dem board . please have you einsteigen . bitte halten sie ticket ready for inspection . ihre flugscheine zur kontrolle bereit . suddenly , a vehicle approach , and stop . a young nazi officer and a soldier jump out of it and run up to the queue . Maria and fritz throw each other a nervous look , whilst still try to act compose . the officer come to the side of the queue while the soldier bar the passenger from board . young nazi officer young nazi officer ( cont ’d ) there be passenger who will es gibt passagiere , die heute not be board this flight nicht mitfliegen werden . tonight . he look down at a piece of paper . young official young official ( cont 'd ) Mr. Stephen neumann and Mr. herr stephan neumann und herr Karl neumann please , make Karl neumann , melden sie sich yourselves know . bitte . nobody reply . then , slowly , two figure step forward : a well - dress older man , and he teenage son . young nazi officer young nazi officer ( cont ’d ) please follow we , both of bitte folgen sie un . you . and , defeat , the two man follow they , leave behind they Mrs. neumann and she young son , 9 , look bereft . the board now continue . as they climb the step to board the aircraft , fritz can hardly suppress he relief . but Maria be look at the man lead away , wonder what they fate will be . ext . the aerodrome strip . night . the small plane take off in the night for its flight from Vienna to cologne . int . the airplane . night . Maria look at fritz with relief in she eye . but as she look out of the window at the fade light of Vienna below it be replace with unfathomable sadness as she think of leave she mother and father . 70 int . HOTEL reception . day . 1998 . Randy be in the hotel reception area , lean over the reception counter and talk on the phone to Pam . Maria come out of the elevator and start walk towards he . randy ( on the phone ) I know , it 's just they drag they foot a lot so the whole thing take longer than I think it would . ext . the schoenbergs 's garden . day . Pam be on the wireless phone , dora be in a stroller . pam what do the office say ? do not they want you back ? int . HOTEL reception . day . Randy be still on the phone to Pam and Maria be tug on he sleeve in a excited state . maria come on , hurry up , they be announce the decision in a hour . randy ( on the phone ) they be okay with it , so you need not worry . how 's dora ? ext . the schoenbergs 's garden . day . Pam try to keep it light and playful but she 's feel lonely . pam ( on the phone ) dora 's miss she dad . dora 's decide she 's not a gustav klimt fan and that Vienna suck . she 's teethe and really look forward to just a tiny bit of normality in she life . that 's how dora be . how be you ? int . HOTEL reception . day . and Maria be tug on he sleeve again . maria we have not get all day , hurry up . he turn to she , snap a little . randy Maria , it 's Pam , it 's my wife . will you please give I a moment ? 71 she 's slightly take aback by he rather gruff tone . he return to the phone conversation . randy ( on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , honey , I need to run , I need to run . Love you . he replace the receiver , know that Pam be not happy . randy ( cont 'd ) okay . that go well . he 's feel the pressure and the tension be slowly rise . but Maria be still at he elbow , hand he a scarf . maria and put you scarf on . I do not want you to catch pneumonia . int . rudolf wran 's office . day . Rudolf wran , Elizabeth gehrer , gottfried toman and a young woman who take note throughout the meeting be in the room . Toman be bald , elegant , with a immaculate beard and sharp , intelligent eye . they be all on edge but cordial as they greet Maria and Randy . Randy have trouble hide he nerve . wran and this be Minister gehrer . maria how do you do ? gehrer Dr. Toman here be we principal attorney on this very complicated case . he have a wide and profound knowledge of both history and the law . randy that 's reassure . gehrer please , sit . they all take they seat and the tension be palpable . wran open up a folder . wran some case be more complicated than other . but after much deliberation , we regret to inform you , Mrs. altmann , that the committee have decide that the five klimt painting hang in the belvedere will remain there . randy please tell I this be a joke . maria they be not joke , Randy . 72 toman you aunt 's will should be obey . Randy pick up he brief -case , start to rummage through some file and papers he have in there . randy but that 's the point .. it 's not even a will . the painting be not hers to give away ... here , where be it .. a folder fall from he case , scatter a whole lot of papers on the floor . he kneel down and start to pick they up , talk as he do so . randy ( cont 'd ) we have proof that the painting be ferdinand 's property , not he wife 's , which make she will invalid . he look up and see they all stare down at he . Toman have pick up one piece of paper which he hand to he . toman I think this be the one you be look for . randy and that 's ignore the fact that there be a deliberate cover - up to conceal the manner in which the painting end up in the Gallery . maria I do not think they be interested in fact , Randy . Randy sit back in he chair , in shock . Toman take the opportunity to state he argument . toman you aunt 's request need to be respected , Mrs. altmann . randy it 's not a legally bind will ! Maria try a different tact . she speak quietly , with great emotion restrain by dignity . maria when my aunt write that word Austria be not the same country . it be not imprison and kill she friend , she people . gehrer we decision be non-negotiable . if you do not agree with it , you only option be to pursue the case in court . a pause . and then Maria stand up . 73 maria come on Randy , let 's go . she make she way to the door , turn around . look straight at Toman , speak with a quiet ferocity in she voice . maria ( cont 'd ) you speak of my aunt , Dr. Toman , as if you know she . you do not know she . and I can tell you now that what you have decide today would make she ashamed to call herself a austrian . and it should make you ashamed , as well . and she open the door and go . a on the face of the austrian we know that she word have touch a chord . ext . vienna STREET . day . later that afternoon , Maria and Randy be walk back to they hotel with hubertus , try to come up with another solution . hubertus it 's not America . in order to pursue the case in Austria the government demand a deposit against the cost of $ 1.8 million dollar . and that 's for starter . maria one point eight million ? hubertus base on a portion of the estimate value of the painting . randy on the one hand they be say ' take we to court 's , on another it 's financially impossible for we to do so . hubertus you hand be tie behind you back , correct . randy what about some sort of arbitration ? here , in Vienna . hubertus nobody here will decide to give you back the painting , Randy . it would be a waste of time and money . it 's a dead end and they all know it . maria hubertus , thank you so much for all you effort . ( more ) 74 maria ( cont 'd ) but no more day -dream . come Randy , we have some pack to do . int . maria' HOTEL room . night . Maria be at the window of she room , the tv on silent in the background . she be look out over the Vienna roof -top . her suit- case be open on the bed . suddenly , it look like she might break down - all the tension and frustration of the return to Vienna have take they toll . there 's a knock at the door . she pull herself together and open it ; it 's Randy . randy just check on you . maria come in . sit down . he do as he 's tell , sit on the edge of she bed as she continue pack . maria ( cont 'd ) I be exhaust . that 's what happen when you have to deal with a lot of grim shit . they laugh together . then she start to pack . maria ( cont 'd ) they will never admit what they do . because if they admit to one thing , then they have to admit to it all . randy admit to what ? maria they be never victim . most of they throw flower and open they arm to greet the Nazis . that 's the simple truth . suddenly , Randy spot Elizabeth gehrer on the CNN news . he grab the remote control and turn on the volume . gehrer it be with great pleasure that I announce that Adele will be remain in Austria . this be a victory for the belvedere Gallery and a victory for the austrian people . Randy pick up a pair of sock he find on the bed and throw they at the tv in rage . Maria pick up the remote and switch it off . 75 maria enough . tomorrow , we go home . and on the way to the airport , we pay we respects . that way , we will not have come here in vain . ext . the holocaust memorial , vienna . day . and in the soft morning light , Maria and Randy visit the Rachel whiteread holocaust memorial in judenplatz . Randy be run he finger across the engrave of the word treblinka . randy the place my great - grandparent be murder . maria I remember they well . they live in a house with a cherry blossom in the garden . she always give I sweet when I visit . and she have the most beautiful eye . randy like a owl . she be surprised that he remember how she describe they . maria you mother remind I of she . and once again he run he finger over the engrave word . randy and then they be take away in the middle of the night . both be clearly affect by this experience . maria come , we should be leave for the airport . randy I know , perfume and cognac . give I a minute , I just need to use the man 's room . and he head to a nearby cafe . int . cafe toilet . day . Randy be in the toilet and he find a empty cubicle . he walk in , close the door behind he . something have happen . everything have accumulate - the stress , the disappointment , the injustice . and the visit to the memorial have suddenly make the wound go deeper . he erupt , bang he fist against the cubicle wall . in this one moment , we begin to see how the event of he experience be change he profoundly as a human be . 76 ext . los angele . day . montage of Los Angeles - the sunshine , the freeway , the suburb , the water - sprinkler . ext . the schoenbergs 's garden . day . Maria , Randy , Pam , Barbara and a few friend have conven for a welcome - back barbecue . Randy stand in the middle of the group , with Pam at he side . randy grandfather Zeisl once say that the three thing he hate most in life be Hitler , he grandmother , and the Los Angeles sun . but right now I be go to have to disagree with he on the third one . right now , everything about Los Angeles be pretty wonderful . maria if my darling fritz be still alive today he would surely be sing a aria to welcome we back . any excuse be good enough ! barbara welcome back ! lady and gentleman , raise you glass to Randy and Maria ! laughter and applause . they all raise they glass and toast Randy and Maria . but in that moment , as if she can now read he , Maria know the jollity be a pretense . she go up to Randy , speak privately . maria we do we best . that 's what matter . we do everything we could . the past be the past and now we must let it go , my dear . but they both know it will not be easy . int . the schoenbergs 's bedroom . night . Pam wake up - Randy be not in bed beside she . int . the schoenbergs 's live room . night . Pam come into the live room , find he lie on the floor , with dora asleep on he chest . pam Randy ? 77 randy I go for the money . she look at he , not quite understanding . randy ( cont 'd ) that painting be worth over a hundred million dollar . and that 's why I go out there with she . I go for the money , Pam . pam it 's okay . it 's natural , do not beat yourself up about it . ( but now you be back and that 's all that matter . ) randy be it ? she do not quite understand what he mean . but she know he enough to know that she 's witness a shift in he . int . the schoenbergs 's live room . day . and we see Randy do a lot of research over the next year and a half into various legal matter - on the live room floor receive some papers come through on the fax machine and we see the head : art restitution : INTERNATIONAL claim . int . randy'' office , bergen brown sherman . night . and in he office too , poring over various file at night , with the light of L.A. twinkle in the background . int . the schoenbergs 's kitchen . night . and then back in the kitchen - and the clock say it 's 3 a.m . and he 's on the internet and he 's look under something title : foreign sovereign immunities act . but he 's get nowhere , he can not crack it , he 's get frustrated read the small print . ext . barne and noble bookstore . day . Randy walk towards the bookstore . ext . / int . barne and noble bookstore . day . Randy be in a barne and Noble bookstore in LA , look through book . he 's in the Art section and he suddenly see a book on klimt . pick it up , leaf through it . then he eye fall onto another book nearby : a glossy belvedere catalogue . he 's strike by a idea - get excited . he take the book up to the counter , give it to the cashier . 78 cashier that 's twenty nine dollar sir . ext . maria 's boutique . day . Randy run up to Maria 's shop hold the belvedere catalogue . he be out of breath . he can see Maria through the window , help a woman customer , but still rush in , wave the catalogue . int / ext . maria' boutique . day . as she put the customer 's sweater into a bag , Randy enter the shop and stand there , out of breath and hold the catalogue . Maria be still help she customer . maria there you go . I hope you husband like you in it as much as I do . as the woman customer walk by Randy on she way out , she can not help give he a funny look . he smile back at she . maria ( cont 'd ) thank you , Mrs. scheff . and she 's go . Randy be still breathless . maria ( cont 'd ) well , fancy see you after all this time . randy belvedere Gallery catalogue . on sale . in barne and Noble . on wilshire . maria hello to you too . now will you please explain to I what you be babbling on about ? randy Maria , you do not understand . you can sue they here ! in the U.S. maria oh , not all that again . anyway , I think you say we could not sue they over here . that foreign State immunity thing . randy I do . but I find a loophole . Three condition . maria which be ...? 79 randy when the property be take in violation of international law . maria which it be . randy thank you . when the property be own by a agency of a foreign state . maria you mean the belvedere Gallery ? randy thank you . when that agency be engage in a commercial activity in the USA . maria selling a book in barne and Noble ? randy tick , tick , tick . Three tick . if you meet all this criterion , you can sue . you meet they . so you can sue . maria only trouble be , I do not think I want to . he look at she , uncomprehend . maria ( cont 'd ) do not you remember what I say to you , Randy ? there come a time when you have to move on . but from he incredulous expression , it 's clear that that time have not yet come for Randy . int . bergen brown sherman office . day . sherman be stride through the office , late for a lunch appointment . Randy be stalking he excitedly . as he walk sherman scan a file that Randy have give he . sherman it 's a long shot . for starter there 's no precedent . randy there 's one case I find , it 's in there , jewish family from Argentina lose a hotel . sued the argentinian over here because they have advertise the hotel in the U.S . they get to the elevator . sherman get in , Randy do not . 80 sherman the answer be no . randy I have a feel about this sir . sherman since when have we be pay you to have feeling ? and the elevator door shut in Randy 's face . int . the schoenbergs 's kitchen . night . Randy and Pam be at the table , eat dinner . the atmosphere be heavy , Randy be not fully present . pam be you okay ? randy Fine , I be fine . pam coz it 's like you be never here anymore . ever since you go on that trip to Austria it feel as if a part of you never come back . he look at she . he know she 's right . but he do not have a answer . Pam get up and start clear the dish from the table . pam ( cont 'd ) and I be get so tired of it , Randy . he walk up to she , put he arm around she , try to kiss she . but she semi-playfully push he away and he know he 's testing she patience in a way he never have before . randy I be sorry . ext . L.A. STREET . dusk . and at dawn , with a newly discover grit , Randy be jogging . and even as he jog , the mental wheel be turn . but he 's make he mind up now . ( NB —- no amendment , change on 77 push scene onto a a page ) . int . sherman 's office . day . and a few hour later he 's with sherman again , stand in front of he desk . sherman it 's commonly know as a ultimatum , Randy . 81 Randy say nothing ; wait for sherman to elaborate . sherman ( cont 'd ) I humoure you . let he go to Europe , I think , let he flex he muscle . God know , I suppose there be a small part of I that hope you be onto something . randy I think I be , sir . sherman you be not , Randy . there be not a case . there 's no enforcement mechanism between the U.S. and Austria . unless you think the US marshal will show up in Vienna with a warrant . randy just one more go , sir . sherman no more go . I need you here now . no more extra-curricular stuff . no more klimt . and he go back to he work . Randy just stand there . but there 's a reckless look on he face . ext . federal build . day . Randy run into the Los Angeles Federal Building , fuelle by a urgent purpose . int . federal build . day . Randy walk up to a Court House employee who be sit behind the filing window . randy hi there . I have like to file a law suit against the austrian government . I have fill in the summon and here 's the complaint . court house employee that 'il cost you a hundred and sixty five dollar . he hand she the document and a cheque . court house employee ( cont ’d ) I wanna go to Austria one day with my daughter . she love kangaroos . 82 ext . maria 's front yard . day . Maria be kneel down in she garden , plant seed , when suddenly Randy appear in front of she , full of purpose and short of breath . randy Maria . can you come with I please ? I want you to witness something . int . the austrian consulate . day . and now they be in the reception of the consulate and Randy make a bee-line for the receptionist . Maria follow , and watch the whole scene with grow bewilderment . randy be consul brandstetter around ? consulate receptionist I be afraid not , sir . randy tell he Mrs. altmann and Randy schoenberg drop by . I think he may have hear of we . consulate receptionist okay . Maria try to pull he aside . maria what do we want with the austrian consul ? Randy turn back to the receptionist . randy please inform he we be just drop off a summon and complaint . we be take the austrian government to court . he take a envelope out of he jacket pocket , hand it to she . Maria be flabbergasted . randy ( cont 'd ) have a nice day . and he make he way to the exit , with Maria at he heel . ext . parking lot . day . on the open top floor of a car-park , with the L.A. skyline in the distance , Randy walk briskly with purpose towards the car . Maria be a few foot behind he . maria can you slow down a little and tell I what 's go on here ? 83 randy we be take they to Court , Maria . maria you can not do this Randy , just go ahead like a mad steam -roller . randy can not I ? maria stop walk so fast ! I can not keep up with you ! he stop at she admonishment and she catch up . randy I be sorry . maria I tell you I have no intention of suing they . I have have enough excitement . I have return to my quiet life and I have begin to find some peace again . randy say that again , with conviction . and she snap . maria oh do not be so stupid . and she pull herself together , take a second . maria ( cont 'd ) besides , you do not have the time to do this . you have a full time job , remember ? you have a family to support . and Randy 's expression say it all . Maria get it . he 's quit . ext . the schoenbergs 's garden . day . Randy approach Pam at the bottom of the garden , out of earshot of dora who be play with some toy in the distance . Randy drop he atom bomb . randy I quit . Pam be incredulous , in utter shock . it have not sink in . pam what do you mean , you quit ? randy my job . I quit my job . I quit , I quit , I quit . 84 Pam make a noise of desperation - a sound of utter despair and rage - and turn away , storm into the house . int . the schoenbergs 's kitchen . day . she burst into the kitchen and rocket through it , on she way to the bathroom , with Randy in close pursuit . randy I speak to my dad , he say he can lend we some cash to keep we go for six month . pam great , now we owe you parent money , too . Three hundred thousand dollar of debt be not enough ! int . the schoenbergs 's hallway . day . and Pam reach the bathroom door , turn on he . pam I be sick of it , Randy , I be sick of you gambling with we life ! and she slam the door in he face . Randy take a deep breath , lean against the door , attempt a confession , speak quietly , from the heart . randy I be sorry ..i.. I be so sorry . you be right - what you say the other night - a part of I never do come back . something happen out there , Pam . I do not know what it be but I can not let it go . I think it 's important . but I also know that I can not do it without you . not for a single day , not for a hour . there 's a beat , and the door open . she 's be cry but you can tell he word have already soften she . and then , she too drop a bomb . pam I be pregnant . I be go to tell you over dinner . it hit he like a train but he do he best to cover . randy wow . okay . wow . that 's - I mean , that 's ...okay . we will manage . you x11 see . we will manage . he step forward and put he arm around she . for a second she resist , then let he . and in that moment they be both aware that they life be enter unknown territory . 85 int . / ext . randy 's car . day . a early Californian morning , just after dawn , and Randy be drive Maria to the District Court . they be both smartly dress for a day in Court . Maria be hold a cup of coffee and a chocolate donut . randy they have hire Stan gould from heimann Rose , a_ hot-shot jewish law firm . maria Nice of they to give job to jewish boy . randy they be try to dismiss the case on procedural grounds . maria in the hope that I will die before we have a trial . but I will do they the favour of stay alive . randy stay alive would be a advantage . maria now , hurry up , because the chocolate on you donut be melting . int . courtroom , the district court . in the courtroom Randy and Maria be greet by stan gould and Toman . gould be a impressive look lawyer whose whole demeanour breathes with quiet , understate confidence . Randy have just finish he donut , there be a tiny smidgen of chocolate on he nose . randy Mr. gould . gould Mr. schoenberg , Mrs. altmann . randy Lovely of you to come all the way from Austria Dr. Toman . we be flatter . toman I have always want to visit disneyland . two bird with one stone as they say . maria I hope we make you visit worthwhile . 86 toman Mrs altmann , may I say you be look even young than you do in Vienna . maria thank you Dr. Toman . this morning I be feel as if I have another fifty year in front of I . Toman look confuse at the private joke between Maria and Randy . court official all rise . judge florence cooper enter . she be a impressive woman with great authority but not intimidating . Maria take a small handkerchief out of she hand - bag and dab the chocolate off Randy 's nose . int . courtroom , the district court . day . the court case . judge Cooper sit at the bench . Randy and Maria on one side , gould and Toman on the other . the session be in full swing . gould you honour , the foreign sovereign immunity Act be pass in 1976 , a good thirty eight year after the event in question . it seem to I obvious that the fsia ruling can not be apply retroactively and I be bewilder that Mrs. altmann 's counsel have not advise she of this fact . it would have save she a great deal of inconvenience and a equal amount of false hope . suddenly , Maria put she hand up and speak . maria it really be not much of a inconvenience . if I be not here , I would either be at my shop or at home watch ' day of we live 's . Randy be mortify at she interruption , the other can not quite believe it . judge Cooper step in . judge cooper I be glad to hear that , Mrs. altmann . but from now on , would you mind speak only when you be ask ? there be certain procedure which need to be adhere to in a court-room . and Maria smile apologetically . Randy be still reeling . 87 int . courtroom , the district court . day . and now Randy be give he response . randy you honour , mr.gould be right to point out that the fsia be enact in 1976 but he be mistaken in he theory that it can not be apply retroactively . he lift some document ; hand they to a court marshall . the Court Marshall hand they over to judge Cooper , who scan they . meanwhile , Randy pass copy of they to the opposition . randy ( cont 'd ) despite the fact that action accrueng before 1976 be rarer , they very much exist , this be just three example of they . judge cooper thank you , Mr. schoenberg , I be sure this will prove to be a riveting read . let 's adjourn for ten minute . and Randy smile at she sarcasm . int . courtroom , the district court . day gould again , still confident but a little less so . gould this be a domestic matter for Austria . anything else would be a violation of its national sovereignty . after all , there be a forum available for Mrs. altmann to pursue she case in Austria without resorting to the use of american court and american tax - payer 's money . int . courtroom , the district court . day Randy be become more confident as he go on . randy you honour , I applaud Mr. gould 's concern for the american tax - payer but take the defendant to court in Austria would require she to be a multi-milionairess . it be not a option . in a matter of fact you honour , we have exhaust all other option . if we have not we would not be stand before you today . 88 int . courtroom , the district court . day . and judge cooper give she verdict from the bench . judge cooper the plaintiff have adequately prove that the fsia can apply to pre 1976 event . also , due to prohibitive cost , this Court have decide that Austria provide a inadequate forum for resolution of plaintiff 's claim . gould you honour .. judge cooper defendant 's motion to dismiss be deny . court official all rise . people stand as judge Cooper exit . Randy whisper to Maria . randy first hurdle down . maria I have always think there should be more woman judge . int . courtroom , the district court . day . Randy approach Toman as he be about to leave the courtroom . randy Dr. Toman . toman congratulation Mr. schoenberg . a unexpected outcome which no doubt have delighted you . randy you be a busy man who can not be that keen on spend the good part of he life traipsing through the U.S. Court system . I would urge you to consider mediation . toman there will be no mediation Mr. schoenberg . you have be exceptionally lucky today , that be all . good -day to you . Maria , who 's be over - hearing the conversation , wave at Toman . maria enjoy disneyland ! 89 and Toman walk away . int . maria 's live room . day . Maria be have she hair do at home . EIGHT month have pass and she be look a little more frail . a hairdresser , a middle age woman , have just finish and be show she the back of she head with a portable mirror . maria appeal , appeal , appeal . the austrian keep appeal and they be deny every time . hairdresser they do not give up easily , that much you have in common . maria so now we be go all the way to the Supreme Court . which be why I need you to make I look like a million dollar . the phone ring and she lean over and answer it . maria ( on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? Randy , what 's happen to you ? I be get my hair do Washington style . ext . the schoenbergs 's garden . day . Randy be on the wireless phone in the garden when Pam approach he . she be very noticeably pregnant . randy ( on the phone ) okay , that 's fine , so I will see you at the airport . and he switch it off . she 's pick up that he 's troubled by something . pam what 's wrong ? randy I chicken out . I do not have the heart to tell she . pam tell she what ? randy we own government have file a brief in Austria 's favour . can you believe that ? pam why ? 90 randy the Iraq war . pam they need as many friend as they can get ? randy they do not want to start antagonise they ally . pam so now you be fight the Americans as well ... randy feel like I be fight the whole damn world . and Pam look at he . something in she can not help admire he . and that same thing start to change she . she do not want to be one of the people he 's fight anymore . pam my money 's on you . ext . burton way , L.A. day . in the afternoon sunshine , Maria cross the street on she way to the four season Hotel . int . four season HOTEL cafe . day . Maria be in the cafe of the four season be walk to a table by a waitress . at the table sit ronald lauder , a man who exude elegance and wealth . he stand . lauder Mrs. altmann , I be Ronald lauder . maria the son of estee . I have always love you mother 's cosmetics . her lip - stick be my favourite . int . four season HOTEL cafe . day . a few minute later . Maria and lauder be have tea , lauder talk with focuss intensity . lauder the art work steal by the Nazis be the last prisoner of World War two . and Adele be they queen . maria my aunt would be flatter . 91 lauder I be a young man when I first see the portrait and I instantly fall in love . maria she have that effect on people . lauder which be why I want she for the neve galerie in New York . I will put my offer in write but have no doubt , it will be substantial . maria we be jump the gun a little , Mr. lauder . lauder one need to do what one can to make a favourable outcome as likely as possible . which bring I to young Mr. schoenberg . he 's be a formidable ally . maria and continue to be one . lauder but he 's not cut out for the Supreme Court Mrs. altmann . a little like send a school - boy onto the front line . maria you think so ? lauder I be willing to pay for you to have the finest representation from this point on . the man I have in mind be to art restitution what Einstein be to relativity . he 's do he homework on you case and I be ready to parachute he in . can I ask he to call you ? maria you can ask he to take a hike . lauder be flummox . maria ( cont 'd ) I be stick with my school - boy , Mr. lauder . and that 's final . int . the schoenberg 's bedroom . night . Randy be lie in bed surround by page and page of work document , rehearse for he imminent appearance at the Supreme Court . he practice out loud . 92 randy you honour , this repeat attempt by the defence to have the case dismiss .. Pam appear at the door in she nightie . consider what she 's about to say , she attitude be quite relaxed . pam Randy . we need to drop dora off at you mother 's and get to the hospital . randy you think I should go deeper with the voice ? pam honey . my water break . he look at she , take on what she 's just say . in shock . he jump up . randy okay . stay calm , stay calm . but she be calm , he 's the one freaking out as he hurriedly dress . Pam calmly take a overnight bag out , place it on the bed , and start put clothes into it . pam Randy , I be fine . randy you be have a baby . pam I be aware of that . randy I ' 1l get the car . do you need to sit ? do you need a glass of water ? pam Randy , relax .. I have do this before , I ’1ll be okay . she take some of he tie out , throw they on the bed . pam ( cont 'd ) which tie be you go to wear to the Supreme Court ? randy be you sure that 's important right now ? she chuck he a slightly old - fashioned green one . pam wear the one you dad get you for good luck . with the blue shirt . 93 and then she sit on the bed , signal for he to do sit next to she . he do . pam ( cont 'd ) you need to take I to the hospital and then you need to go to Washington . you need to do it for all of we . randy be you sure that 's what you want ? pam listen to I . I get it wrong . whatever I say , I want you to know I be with you now . and if it do not work out , we will manage . either way , we will be okay . you be do the right thing , and I love you . she touch he face , smile warmly . and he know that she now understand something of why he have to take on the case . then , suddenly , movement . she flinch , look down . pam ( cont 'd ) he 's get twitchy . randy we need to go . I be not good at the whole midwife thing . ext . WASHINGTON . day . Washington in the winter sun : Capitol Hill , the White House , the Supreme Court . int . WASHINGTON HOTEL . day . Maria be sit on the edge of the bed coach Randy who stand before she . maria do it again without the arm . Randy start speak with he arm glue to he side . randy Mr Chief justice and may it please the Court .. maria now you look like a pillar . randy this be great for my confidence . maria move they but not like before . somewhere between a windmill and a pillar . 94 randy Maria , this really be not help . I need to go through the brief . maria alright , I 'il leave you alone now . she get up and make she way towards the door . then turn to he . maria ( cont 'd ) speak from the heart , Randy , and you will be fine . randy will I ? and he question hover in the air . suddenly , they be both aware that they might be well out of they depth . ext . the supreme court . day . in the morning sunshine , the Supreme Court stand proud . int . the supreme court . day . and in the Court , everybody be settling down for the session to begin . Randy on the one side with Maria , gould , Toman and franks ( represent the US government ) on the other . Maria lean over to Randy again , offer he a cough-sweet . maria have a cough drop . they be cherry flavoure . Randy take it but he be a nervous wreck as he shuffles through he document . Maria lean further in , put she hand on he arm . maria ( cont 'd ) you know , my dear , even if we go no further , we make it to the Supreme Court . who would have think it ? a little austrian girl like I ... int . ellis island detention ward . day . 1938 . on a hot July day , with a view of New York see through a window , a few poorly dress people mill around they bunk in a dormitory of a tenement for newly - arrive refugee . one man be tuning a accordion , some child be look at a comic book , a woman sit on the edge of she bed , stare ahead . in amongst they , lie on a bunk , be Maria and fritz . they sit on the bed with brochure promote California spread out before they . they be share a bottle of cheap wine , and try to stay cheerful in this new , unknown country . 95 young maria can you please show I the way to the wash - room , sir ? fritz now say it again , but with a american accent . if you say it like that , nobody will understand you . young maria you can talk ! you sound like a silly frankfurter ! fritz I be aman , not a sausage ! just then , as they giggle , the door open and a warden walk in , someone who work at the tenement . he be hold a telegram . warden Maria altmann ! which one of you be Maria altmann ? young maria I be ! Maria jump off the bed and run up to the man , who hand she the telegram , then walk out a it , read it . and we know that have suddenly shake she to the the bunk , almost fall on to put he hand on hers . fritz what be it ? young maria it 's from my sister . she 's wait for we in California . but she 's have news from Vienna . fritz you parent ? little gruffly . Maria open whatever it be she be read , very core . she walk back to it , as she leg buckle . fritz fritz ( cont 'd ) be ist los ? young maria ( cont ’d ) es ist von meiner schwester . sie wartet auf un in kalifornien . aber sie hat nachrichten aus wien . fritz ( cont 'd ) deine eltern ? she collapse into he arm , and weep . int . the supreme court . day . the session have begin . chief justice rehnquist speak - he be a intimidating , authoritative presence . 96 cj rehnquist we will hear argument next in 03 - 13 , the Republic of Austria v. Maria altmann . mr.gould . gould Mr Chief justice , and may it please the Court : I will keep my argument succinct sir : this be a domestic matter for Austria . it have no place in the american court . cj rehnquist Mr franks , represent the United States government , you open statement please . franks be talk now and he age and experience emanate from he every pore . franks Mr Chief justice , if this law be to be apply retroactively it could open claim bring against a number of foreign state which would further complicate we international relation . cj rehnquist give I a example . franks well there be currently case pend against country such as Japan and France with which .. cj rehnquist so what you be say be that Mrs. altmann should not try and reclaim she painting because it might affect we relation with Japan ? franks that could be a possible outcome you honour . cj rehnquist Mrs. altmann , it seem that if you case go forward world diplomacy will collapse and you will be solely responsible . subdued laughter from the audience . int . the supreme court . day . Randy stand for he big moment . he be very nervous , very stiff . 97 randy Mr. Chief justice and may it please the Court : we believe that apply the fsia be not impermissibly retroactive . Chief justice rehnquist start to ask he a question . Randy be like a bunny in the headlight of a car . cj rehnquist why be not it just as easy to say that it do operate retroactively because the question be when should it exercise jurisdiction for a particular purpose ? Randy be completely lose . randy I be sorry . I do not understand the question . the embarrassment be palpable . Maria look at the floor . Toman can not help but let out a little smirk . cj rehnquist I do not think I do , either . and the tension be burst . everyone laugh and Randy sigh with relief . cj rehnquist ( cont ’d ) do anyone ? and more laughter . int . the supreme court . day . we watch he grow in confidence and stature with every word . randy we be very sensitive to the government 's concern , Mr Chief justice , the can of worm argument . but each country be different and pose different condition . unlike say Cuba , in Austria 's case there 's a treaty so there 's no dispute as to what type of law could apply . we recommend open the can but extract we one little worm with a pair of tweezers . and then close it shut again . and laughter from the audience . randy ( cont 'd ) the defendant have continuously try to frustrate we attempt , raise every possible objection and threaten a armageddon in international relation . ( more ) randy ( cont 'd ) but let 's put thing into perspective here : this be a case about one woman want back what be rightfully hers . Mrs. altmann come to America as a young woman in search of peace . let 's give she justice too . Maria look up at Randy and she eye be beam with pride . int . a anteroom , the supreme court . day . in a room just outside the courtroom , Maria and Randy find themselves in the middle of a media scrum . a reporter place a mike under Maria . reporter Mrs. altmann be you surprised that the U.S. government support the austrian in try to get the case dismiss ? maria everybody want I to hurry up and die , why not the Americans as well ? the journalist laugh . Randy be stand at the side when he be approach by another court reporter . court reporter David Pike , Court reporter . you be impressive in there , no doubt . randy why , thank you . Randy schoenberg . he give he he card . court reporter take about three month for the verdict to come though . but there 's no way you be gonna win . randy okay . court reporter I have be do this job for thirty - four year and I be always right . it 's in they body language . randy well , thank you very much . that 's a cheerful way to end the day . court reporter no problem . and he amble off leave Randy dumb-struck to digest what he 's just hear . 99 int . the schoenberg's bedroom . day . Randy rush into the bedroom with a ridiculously large bouquet of flower . and then he see they : Pam , in bed , hold they new baby son . pam hey . say hi to you son . randy hi Nathan . and he be overwhelm . ext . the schoenbergs 's garden . day . superimpose caption : three month later . Maria , Pam and Randy be sit on the lawn - Pam be hold Nathan in she arm while dora run laugh around Maria . dora be look older than when we last see she , she 's a real toddler . maria she take after she father . can not sit still for a moment ! randy be you call I hyper-active ? maria like you have spider crawl in you underwear all the time . Randy keep look at he watch . pam sweetie , will you stop look at you watch every two minute ? maria you be make we all nervous . randy they say we should hear by noon . the phone ring . Randy run indoors to answer it . Maria and Pam look at each other and smile at the speed with which he 's run into the house . int . the schoenbergs 's kitchen . day . he answer the phone . through the window we can see Pam and Maria play with the kid , though obviously on tenterhook themselves . randy hello ? ext . the schoenbergs 's garden . day . 100 Randy come out , walk up to where Maria and Pam be sit . he look downcast , as if the news be bad . maria I tell you not to get excited but you do not listen to I . randy bad news I be afraid . you can not give up yet . the fight go on . maria what be you talk about ? randy the Supreme Court have rule in we favour . we can take the austrian to trial , Maria . Pam jump up and hug he . pam oh my God , Randy , you do it ! Maria too stand up , walk to he , take he face in she hand . maria from the first moment I see you , I know you be the right man for the job ! that 's why I ignore all the terrible bit . and she plant a big smacker on he cheek . Randy smile but be hold back a little bit ; almost as if he can not quite allow himself to feel the joy of the moment . ext . the schoenbergs 's driveway . day . and in the evening light , Randy and Pam be wave at Maria as she be drive away in a taxi . Randy be hold Nathan , Pam be hold dora . but Pam have pick something up in Randy 's behaviour . pam be you okay ? I think this be the outcome you want . randy just something I have be think over that kind of put a damper on the celebration . she look at he , not understanding . randy ( cont 'd ) sure , we can take they to court . but they 'il find other way to stretch it out . could take a few more year . she might not live to see the outcome . ( more ) 101 randy ( cont 'd ) and we can not afford it . four more month and the bailiff 's at the door . pam we have come so far , there 's no way we can stop now . I be frighten , but I be with you . and he kiss she - in acknowledgement of how far she 's travel . and then , in that moment , a idea come to he . randy there 's only one more thing we could try . and then , Pam too , well - verse in the case , get it . pam mediation . int . boardroom . day . in a slick board - room in Los Angeles , Randy and Maria sit on the one side of the table , Toman on the other . and between they sit Professor dieter binder , a elderly austrian historian who be the mediator . binder welcome . randy funny how thing turn out in the end . toman we really want to avoid go to trial here in America . maria you have do a effective job prove that Dr. Toman . toman so we be happy to consider other option . Austria be all ear . maria how very refresh . randy despite my protestation , my client be prepare to meet you half way . maria as a gesture of reconciliation I be willing to allow the painting to remain in the belvedere . all you have to do be admit that you take they illegally . 102 randy and then come to a agreement with we on the question of compensation . toman I be afraid we be not budging , and that be final . we will not be pay for something we believe be ours and we will fight you to the death before we concede on this . another impasse . binder step in . binder I be assume you all want this to be over so let 's study the other option we have . Randy talk but he be already nervous at how he next word will be take my Maria . randy Arbitration in Vienna . maria Randy ! randy we choose one of the arbitrator , you choose another . the third be neutral . Toman can hardly believe he ear and have trouble conceal he joy . toman now you be talk sense . this sound like a reasonable idea . but Maria be in shock . maria Randy , can I speak to you in private for a moment ? and from she tone , Randy know she 's have none of it . int . corridor outside the boardroom . day . Maria and Randy be stand outside the boardroom . through the glass wall we can see Toman and binder . Maria be fierce and adamant . Randy be prepare for this and be do he best to reassure she . maria have you lose you mind ? randy I want to see you get you painting back Maria . I would like you to get they before .. 103 maria before , I die be what you mean . randy well , frankly , yes . maria and you be crazy enough to think that some arbitration in Vienna will vote in we favour ? randy I honestly do not think we have a choice . maria but that mean we have to go back to Austria . Randy start to lose he patience with she . randy Maria . listen to I . I can not sit here argue with you , okay ? I be do what I think be best . you need to just be quiet for once , and trust I . maria no , Randy , I will not be quiet ! I be sorry . enough be enough . and she 's already open the door to the boardroom . int . boardroom . day . she stride up to where she handbag be , pick it up , turn to Toman and speak , dignify and strident in equal measure . maria congratulation , Dr. Toman . you tactic have succeed . I be not play this game anymore . Goodbye , gentleman . and she sweep out of the boardroom , leave binder speechless . Toman can not help but release a tiny look of satisfaction . int . corridor outside the boardroom . day . and she sweep by Randy , not stop for a second . ext . maria 's front yard . day . Randy drive up to Maria 's bungalow , pull over , get out , and run towards the front door . he be work up , fume . he ring the doorbell and a couple of second later , Maria open the door but do not let he in . 104 randy Nice one , Maria . thank you . maria I be not in the mood , I do not want to talk to you . randy the feel be mutual but we do not have the choice right now . she try to close the door , he put he foot in it and block it . int . maria 's hallway . day . exasperate , Maria open the door , walk into the hallway . Randy follow she into the house . she turn on he . and when she speak it be with a quiet steel in she voice . she 's make she mind up . maria it 's over , Randy ! we make a mistake . randy what 's over ? what be you say ? maria I be say that we have to accept defeat and return to what 's leave of we life . randy be you insane ? maria I be say that I be tired and that they can keep the painting . I be say Randy , that as of this moment , I no longer need you service . Randy can not believe what he 's hearing . and when he erupt Maria be not prepare for the full force of it . randy be you kid I ? I have give everything I have ! I be half a million dollar in debt and my wife and I be .. my child , everything I fuck care about in this world .... and you have the nerve .. everything I have do I have do to get that goddamn painting back for you ... I wish you have never ask I .. and you have the nerve to come to I and say that it 's all over ! and he stop and Maria be stand there , look at he , shake by he rage . and , soften , he speak quietly . 105 randy ( cont 'd ) we have come so far ... just hang in there . maria the austrian will never let go . and I will not be humiliate again . go back to Vienna if you have to . but this time I be not come back with you . you be on you own Randy . and the two of they stand silently opposite each other in the hallway of she small house , shake by they emotion . ext . vienna . night . montage of Vienna at night . ext . vienna STREET . night . Randy and hubertus be walk down a street in the old part of town . hubertus the man you choose for the arbitration panel be a safe bet .. but I be a little worried about the other two , I can not lie . the one choose by the austrian State be a strict traditionalist . I can not see he decide in you favour . and as for the third .. well , it 's a gamble . randy here 's hope . hubertus but I never think you have come back . and personally , I need to be honest - I do not think it 's the right decision . you be betting on Austria have change . and hubertus 's eye suggest that it might be a bet too far . they pass by a small concert hall . a poster catch Randy 's eye : there 's a Arnold schoenberg concert start in twenty minute . he look at hubertus and they smile at the coincidence . Randy check he watch and run to the box office , give he credit card to the female BOX office employee , who take it . randy two ticket , please . BOX office employee it start in two minute . and then she notice the name on the card . BOX office employee ( cont ’d ) you have the same name as the composer . 106 hubertus look at Randy and they smile to each other . hubertus what a coincidence . int . concert hall . night . Randy and hubertus sit in the darken concert hall . Randy listen proudly to he grandfather 's music , watch the orchestra play and the crowd appreciate it . and something be inspire in he . int . the arbitration room . day . the arbitration . a large room in a government building in Vienna . at a long table sit the three arbitrator . in the room there be also a sizeable audience which include hubertus , Elizabeth gehrer , wran and Toman . Randy stand near the panel . one of the arbitrator stand . arbitrator the austrian government have provide its case in write for we perusal . Mr. schoenberg , you too be offer the opportunity to do so but you have opt to present the introductory point of you argument orally as well , be that correct ? randy I have , yes . arbitrator the floor be yours . randy thank you sir . Randy stand in the centre of the room and it feel like the whole of Austria be he audience . he clear he throat , take a deep breath but look uncertain - almost as if he can not do it . he begin but he tone lack confidence , it waver . randy ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , I be happy to be stand before you today for two reason . firstly , like my opponent in this case I always believe that this be a domestic matter for Austria that need to be decide within she border . suddenly he 's interrupt : a door open at the back of the room . his eye be draw to it . it 's Maria . she 's come after all . she walk up to the front of the room and sit . Randy come to she , lean in , and they whisper to each other . randy ( cont 'd ) I be not expect to see you here . 107 maria the first time I come back for myself . this time I come back for you . now , stand up straight . he look at she , take strength from she word , straighten up , and resume he open speech - she have move and inspire he . he take a deep breath and he look two inch taller . and the speech be now drive by a new confidence . randy and the second reason I be happy to be in Vienna today be because my client Mrs. altmann and I be both austrian . some of the audience seem surprised but Maria know what he mean . randy ( cont 'd ) oh , do not get I wrong , we be very much Americans too . but we family and the root we share be situate in the culture of this very city . int . concert hall , vienna . night . and we see a flashback to the night before and Randy observe the audience as they listen to he grandfather 's music int . klimt 's studio . day . and now we see Adele be paint by klimt once more , as he put the final touch to the great painting . randy ( v.o. ) and somewhere , in the heart of this world , stand the woman whose portrait both side be fight for . Adele bloch - bauer . int . the arbitration room . day . Randy in full flow now , the confident , experience lawyer he have become . randy during my visit to this country I have discern that there be two austrias : the one that oppose restitution to the victim of nazism , and another that recognise the injustice commit against Austria 's jewish population and seek to rectify it . we watch Dr Toman , Elizabeth gehrer and Rudolf wran respond to what he be say and then we land on hubertus : the two austrias . 108 randy ( cont 'd ) as I hope I demonstrate in my write argument , the law favour restitution . and now , during this next few scene we watch a flash montage of the journey of the painting and the way it end up in the belvedere -- ext . vienna . day . the anchluss : the viennese crowd greet the Nazis in celebration , woman throw flower to welcome they . randy ( v.o. ) a string of event and misdeed point to the incontestible fact that the painting in question reach the belvedere Gallery and remain there for over half a century in a manner that be both dishonest and illegal . and that Adele 's will itself be not legally bind . int . live room elizabethstrasse . day . the auction at elizabethstrasse . ext . elizabethstrasse . day . the painting of Adele be load onto a truck . int . the belvedere . day . and the painting come to hang on the wall of the belvedere under grimshitz 's supervision . int . the arbitration room . day . and as Randy reach the conclusion he slow he tempo a little to make sure this last few word really land . randy in its own way lady and gentlemen this be a moment of history , a moment in which the past be ask something of the present . many year ago , ( in this very city , ) just beyond this wall , terrible thing happen . people dehumanise other people - they persecute they , send many to they death , and decimate whole family break they apart forever . and they steal from they - property , livelihood and the object that be most precious to they . ( more ) 109 randy ( cont 'd ) amongst that people be the bloch - bauer , the family of a very dear friend of mine . so now I be ask you - as austrian - as human being - to recognise that wrong . ( not just for Maria altmann but for Austria . ) I be ask you today to look at the past , as I have , and to restore what have be take away . and he eye meet Maria 's . and by articulate this last word , he understand that he too , in some profound way , have be restore . and it be clear that he word have resonate with he audience , especially on the face of Toman and wran . ext . the prater park . day . Maria , Randy and hubertus be walk in the shade of the ferris wheel . Randy be check he phone . randy they say they should announce the verdict by four . hubertus one thing be for sure . this country be about to decide what it really be . they approach a bench and sit down on it . hubertus ( cont ’d ) when I be a child , my father use to bring I here on Sunday . maria for waffle and ice-cream , eh ? hubertus and a ride on the ferris wheel . and he know that now be the moment to confide ; they friendship have earn it . hubertus ( cont ’d ) he be a impressive man , tall and domineer with he hair always comb back . handsome , I suppose . as a small boy I look up to he , worshipped he . maria you want to grow up to be like he . hubertus when I be fifteen I discover that he have be a Nazi , Maria . a passionate follower of the third Reich . his word be come out with great difficulty , almost as if he have not speak they before . 110 hubertus ( cont ’d ) all my life I have be try to make up for the sin of the father . every day , ask myself how he could be the person he be . and every day try to move away from he . he turn to look at Maria and Randy . hubertus ( cont ’d ) how 's that for a motive , Randy ? randy it 's pretty damn good . Randy smile guiltily at the memory of he initial scepticism of hubertus . Maria lean over and take hubertus 's hand . maria you be a fine man , hubertus . a good man . then Randy 's phone go : a text . he look at it . randy decision time . int . the arbitration room . day . the room be pack to the rafter . a tense atmosphere - the moment everyone have be wait for . Maria , Randy and hubertus be squeeze in and nearby be wran , Toman and gehrer . there be also a large media contingent . the main arbitrator stand and there be a hushed silence . arbitrator we , the arbitrator have now study both side of this complex case . try to keep a open mind as we examine the evidence we have reach we final verdict . he walk over to the other arbitrator . one of they hand he a envelope , which he slowly open . he put on he glass and read from it . arbitrator ( cont ’d ) we decision today be that the portrait of Adele bloch - bauer and the other klimt painting in question should be return to she niece , Maria altmann . a huge wave of emotion sweep across the room and on the face of all the audience we see a myriad of response . hubertus be profoundly move and bury he face in he hand , Randy squeeze Maria 's hand who seem overwhelm . cheer clash with sound of consternation . wran and gehrer make a quick exit . int . hall outside arbitration room . day . 111 in the excited crowd Randy , Maria and hubertus embrace and congratulate each other . hubertus for the first time in a long while I be proud to call myself a austrian . maria you should be . randy the press be wait outside Maria . they want a statement . how do I look ? maria sexy and victorious ! and how do I look ? randy sexy and victorious ! suddenly , out of nowhere Toman approach Maria . toman Mrs. altmann , may I have a word ? maria Dr. Toman . they go to one side . toman I be defeat . but I will ask you - beg you , entreat you - not to let this painting leave they motherland . let we come to a arrangement . I be sure we can make a generous offer . maria it make I sad too that they will not stay in Adele 's country . but Dr. Toman all along I have try to negotiate , to keep the dialogue open . and all along you have thwart I , close the door in my face . I be tired , Dr. Toman , and my aunt be now crossing the Atlantic to make she home in America , like I once do . Excuse I . and she make a move away from he , visibly emotional and start to walk down the hall , look for some privacy . hubertus notice ; point it out to Randy . hubertus I think we friend might be need a little attention . 112 Randy see Maria enter a room off the hall , and follow . but turn one last time to hubertus , casually throw he word over he shoulder as he move away . randy have I say that we could not have do it without you ? int . room off the arbitration hall . day . Maria have find and enter a empty room off the hall and close the door behind she . there be a window and she walk towards it . she suddenly look quite frail , take a few deep breath . she be overwhelm . and then , she remember the last time she see she parent . the goodbye -- int . gustav and threse 's bedroom . day . 1938 Maria move into the room and join gustav and therese by the bed . she kneel down , take they hand in hers and the three of they hold on to each other , know this may well be the last time they ever see each other . therese be cry . when gustav speak it be with some effort , he breathe be labour . young maria papa , mutti , I be leave now . gustav you be do the right thing . young maria but I do not want to . therese you have to live , Maria . you have to move forward into the future and this place have no future for you . young maria ( cont ’d ) papa , mutti , ich gehe jetzt . gustav ( cont ’d ) du tust das richtige . young maria ( cont ’d ) aber ich will nicht . therese ( cont 'd ) du musst leben , Maria . du musst in die Zukunft schauen und dieser ort hat fiir dich keine Zukunft mehr . gustav clutches she hand and look deep into she eye . and , when he next speak , he speak in English to she . his accent be strong but he speak it beautifully . gustav English will become you language and America will be you home . young maria yes , papa . gustav we speak English from now on . you listen to I now in the language of you future . 113 and he manage a little laugh . through tear , Maria laugh too . but then , still speak English , he tone change . gustav ( cont ’d ) when we family move to Vienna , Maria , they be not rich people . we work hard , we do everything we could to contribute , and to belong . we be proud of what we have do and we be proud of we child . nobody can take that away from we . and now , as you go , I ask you only one thing , mein liebling . young maria what be it papa ? gustav remember we . and father , mother and daughter fall into each other 's arm and embrace for the very last time . Maria stand and walk to the door . when she reach it , she turn back one last time and look at she mother and father . therese therese ( cont ’d ) take we with you , in you behalte un in deinem herzen , heart , and learn to be happy und lerne , wieder gliicklich again . zu werden . and Maria go . int . room off the arbitration room . day . Randy knock on the door and tentatively push it open . Maria be still stand by the window . randy Maria ? maria in a moment Randy . randy be you alright ? he approach she . Fighting a huge surge of emotion , she try to express herself . maria thank you my darling , thank you with all my heart for what you have do . but foolishly I think that it would make everything alright , make it better . he look inquiringly at she , try to understand . and she break . 114 maria ( cont 'd ) nothing can ever do that Randy . I leave they here , I leave they here , my love . and he open he arm to embrace she . she fall into they , and she weep . ext . elizabethstrasse . day . later , after all the madness , Randy and Maria walk in the late afternoon sun . randy so now .. maria I have be think of that smart Mr. lauder . I think I want aunt Adele to go and live in he little gallery . my only condition be that she will always be on public display , for everyone to marvel at . after all , I think she 's a little too big for my bungalow . randy you can move house , Maria , buy anything you want . maria I be quite happy where I be , thank you . and the money can go to relative and good cause . I think it 's what she would have want . randy what about you ? maria well , I do need a new dish - washer . she wink at he jokingly , but there be a sadness in she voice . suddenly , they be approach by a young austrian woman , susi . susi Mrs. altmann ? I just want to say how happy I be that you have get back the painting . I will miss see they in the belvedere , but it be the right thing . for you , and for Austria . maria thank you , my dear . the young woman smile and run off . Maria and Randy walk in silence for a couple of second . and then , quietly , Maria speak . 115 maria ( cont 'd ) you grandfather would be proud of you . without even know it , you have become a torchbearer . he look at she , not understanding . maria ( cont 'd ) the one who keep the memory alive , Randy . randy I do not do it on my own . and then , a few second later , Randy look up . they be outside the elizabethstrasse house . Maria be visibly move . and on the spur of the moment , she make a decision . maria give I a moment . she walk up to the entrance of the building and through the gate . int . elizabethstrasse , stairwell . day . Maria walk up the stair to she former home . she push it open . int . the entrance hallway . elizabethstrasse . day . Inside , the office of the Rail company look like any other office - a little bland . a young man who be a rail company employee walk up to she , smile . rail company employee rail company employee can I help you ? ( cont ’d ) kann ich ihnen helfen ? maria maria ( cont 'd ) I know this house . I want to ich kenne diese haus . ich look around . just a few wiirde mich gern ein wenig moment . umsehen . nur einen augenblick . a little baffle , he smile . rail company employee rail company employee of course . ( cont 'd ) natiirlich . and he go back to work . Maria edge she way forward into the house . and suddenly , it start to change . 116 int . elizabethstrasse . night . 2002 / 1930s through Maria 's eye , the house magically transform into what it use to be : a warm family home . Music fill the room , something rich , evocative and move . as she move around the house Maria be bedazzle by what she see . she wander from room to room and come across scene from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent austrian past : first , in the dining room , she see she mother therese arrange flower in a vase and be help by Maria and luise , as child . then she walk across the hallway , to the live room , where gustav be play the cello for he family : Maria and luise , now young woman , and therese . enrapture , they cluster around he , enjoy the music . and then she turn and in another part of the room , she see herself and fritz dance on they wedding night , twirling through the admire guest . she walk through the crowd to the Adele room and push open the door . she enter and be amaze at what she see . the room be buzzing with people - artist , writer , Vienna at its best . there be art on the wall , and book , and cluster of people in animated discussion . she make she way through the crowd towards the end of the room : Adele sit directly beneath the klimt portrait , surround by ferdinand and a group of friend as they argue passionately about politics , and art , and life . and next to she be the painter himself , gustav klimt . Maria approach they . ferdinand smile at she lovingly . and finally , Adele look up at she and reach out for she hand , and take it in hers . and when she speak , it be in german . adele adele ( cont 'd ) thank you . dankeschoén . maria maria ( cont 'd ) I do it for all of we . ich habe es fiir un alle getan . ext . elizabethstrasse . day . Randy be wait for Maria outside the house . he hear something , and turn . and there she be , stand on the threshold of the house . she walk towards he and when she reach he she look slightly different - in she eye , the knowledge that even though the past can never be put right , she have fulfil she purpose by restore justice . with that , come a relief . and she would not have be able to do it without he . job do . maria let 's go home , Randy . you family be wait . 117 int . belvedere gallery . day . we watch a montage of the painting 's long journey from Vienna to America : be take off the wall at the belvedere . superimpose caption : sixty EIGHT year after the klimt painting be looted by the nazis from her family , they be return to maria altmann . int . the belvedere lobby . day . and now the painting be be carry out by staff . ext . a vienna STREET . day . and as the truck traverse Vienna on its way to the airport , it drive by a large bill - board advertising a local magazine and the word ciao adele plaster across it . ext . new york bridge . day . and on another side of the Atlantic , another truck cross one of the bridge that lead from queen into Manhattan . int . christie auction house . day . and now , the painting be carry off this other truck outside the famous auction house . some of the staff have gather around . superimpose caption : four of the painting went to auction at christie in new york and fetched a total of $ 192 million dollar . int . neue gallerie . day . the portrait of Adele hang in the neue Gallery in New York and the queue snake out of the Gallery door and round the block . superimpose caption : the portrait of adele bloch - bauer be purchased by ronald lauder for $ 135 million , the highest price ever pay for a painting . it be now on permanent display at the neue gallerie in new york . ext . los angele park . day . Randy , Pam and they three child be walk in the park - one of they , joey , be a baby that Pam be hold . and Maria be there too . Pam be take a photograph of they all . superimpose caption : randy and pam have a third child , joey . with the money earned from maria 's case randy set up he own law firm in los angele which specialise in art restitution and pay for a new build for the los angele museum of the holocaust . 118 int . hubertus 's house . day . we see hubertus at he desk , surround by papers and work tirelessly for justice . he take he glass off , rub he eye , look tired by he endless work . superimpose caption : hubertus czernin died in JUNE 2006 of a rare illness . he be fifty year old . int . maria 's boutique . day Maria be in she shop , fold sweater . she be older , frailer , but there be a quiet contentment to the way she work . a woman who have fulfil she purpose in life . superimpose caption : in her will , maria altmann left her large fortune to her many relative and to various charities , including the los angele opera . int . maria' bedroom . night . and finally , we see Maria back at home , in she bed . she be about to go to sleep and as she lean over to switch off she bed - side lamp we see two thing on the table beside she bed : a photograph of she family take on she wedding day and the postcard of the portrait of she aunt Adele . superimpose caption : she died at her home in los angele in february 2011 . she lean over and switch off the light . the end . for you consideration best original screenplay alexi kaye Campbell y the weinstein company www.twcawards.com