wonder woman screenplay by allan heinberg Story by Zack Snyder &amp ; allan heinberg and Jason fuch base on character from DC Comics wonder woman create by William moulton marston final shoot script fade in : 1 ext . the earth ( from space ) 1 the earth as see from space , perfect and seemingly serene . diana ( v.o . ) I use to want to save the world ... the distant SOUND of tribal drum as we descend planet - ward . circle the globe , closer as the drum build . diana ( v.o . ) this beautiful place . louder drum soaring over ocean and continent . closer . diana ( v.o . ) but the closer you get , the more you see the great darkness simmer within . finally , we arrive in paris , FRANCE . 2 ext . louvre museum ( paris ) - early morning 2 the louvre museum -- with its 16th - century architecture and its i.m. pei glass - and -metal pyramid -- a place where the past and the future meet . diana prince ( 30 ) , antiquity expert , stride towards the Louvre , pass armed military at guard and alert . diana ( v.o . ) and mankind ? that 's another story altogether . a truck pull up , block we view . armed security officer exit , unload a crate from wayne enterprise address to diana prince : curator . 3 int . louvre museum - corridor - continuous action 3 diana walk down a hallway with assyrian bas-relief sculpture show the good , and the bad , of humanity throughout history . she take this in . diana ( v.o . ) what one do face with the truth , be more difficult than you think . 2 . 4 int . louvre museum - diana' office - minute later 4 the crate be deliver to diana -- a wall - mount collection of ancient weaponry and greek antiquities behind she . she eye the wayne enterprise logo warily . now alone at she desk , diana open the crate and look inside , stunne . reveal the original daguerreotype of diana from bvs -- she 's in she wonder woman armor , surround by a band of soldier -- she friend -- from long ago . diana ( v.o . ) I learn this the hard way . a long , long time ago . and now I will never be the same . she hold up the unsign note accompany the photo : " I find the original . maybe one day you will tell I you story . " she contemplate the face of she friend long dead . her eye focus in on a man we will soon know as steve trevor . she linger on he , and then drift to herself . surrounded by history , diana be overwhelm by the memory of how this photo -- and wonder woman -- come to be -- CUT to : 5 ext . army training ground ( themyscira ) - day 5 the past . flashes of amazon as they train for combat on various plateaus extend from the edge of the cliff of themyscira . the amazon train with weapon , clashing and testing one another to they limit . dozen of armore female warrior -- amazon -- engage in a dazzle array of training exercise . every amazon be a ageless beauty , between 30 and 50 . they spar with bo stave , knive , sword . practice archery , spear throwing , and lasso from horseback . it 's breathtaking -- -- and young diana ( 8 ) , princess of themyscira , watch it all from the edge of the field . her eye blaze with admiration . ( continued ) 3. 5 continued : 5 antiope , the demand general , oversee the amazon . she wear a distinctive helmet . at she side , the amazon philippus ( African , regal ) . diana fixate on one amazon in particular , fierce and powerful -- artemis . she send she opponent to the ground , then spin to face another ! antiope yes , the blow be strong , but eliana 's footwork betrayed she ! a battle be like a river - crossing , every step must find a safe spot -- diana rehearse artemis ' move , she young face set in a fierce scowl . she stab at imaginary enemy , then look up to find -- antiope staring at her from across the grounds . she 's catch ! but instead of hide -- she look back to antiope : I be ready to fight ! let I try ! antiope shake she head but smile -- diana smile back . mnemosyne ( o.s. ) diana ! diana freeze , then bolt , before mnemosyne ( diana 's long - suffer tutor ) can push through the crowd . mnemosyne diana , I see you ! 6 ext . public square ( themyscira ) - continuous action 6 diana dash through the crowded marketplace , hope to lose mnemosyne , but every amazon whose path she cross greet she with a smile or " good morning , princess ! " " hello , diana ! " we realize that diana be the only child in this world . diana race past a mural in the public square of queen hippolyta , diana 's mother , triumphantly lead the amazon . mnemosyne diana , come back ! a young amazon guard see diana come , hold out she hand , stop ! diana see up a narrow stairway , grin -- a escape ! she dart up it and back down another straight into a dead end . ( continued ) 4. 6 continued : 6 look for a way out , she see a long jump she just might make . there 's a big fall , but diana love a challenge ! she smile mischievously , run and leap -- -- but she 's not go to make it ! diana stretch out , she face fall as she realize she 's miss the jump , when -- a hand grab she wrist ! 7 ext . other bridge ( themyscira ) - continuous action 7 dangle , diana 's pull up to see : queen hippolyta , ethereally beautiful , hold diana easily by one arm as if diana weigh nothing . she sit horseback , the mount queen' guard behind she . diana twist uneasily , smile up at she mother . young diana ( 8 ) ( breathless ; innocently ) hello , mother . how be you today ? hippolyta ( sigh ) how many time , diana ? young diana ( 8 ) I have not actually count . quite a few ? hippolyta ( smile ; nod ) let 's get you back to school before another tutor quit . young diana ( 8 ) but , mother ... do not you think it 's time to start my training ? hippolyta train ? you be training . hippolyta soften , she love she daughter more than anything , and pull diana into a embrace . hippolyta you mind be you most powerful weapon . ( beat ) all battle begin here -- ( tap diana 's head ) -- before they end here -- ( continued ) 5 . 7 continued : 7 hippolyta motion to the world around they . diana frown . antiope ride to meet they , philippus at she side . antiope catch diana 's hopeful eye . young diana ( 8 ) antiope think I be ready . hippolyta ( eyeing antiope ) do she ? antiope approach , philippus respectfully keep a distance . antiope I could begin show she some thing . ( off hippolyta 's silence ) she should at least be able to defend herself . hippolyta from whom ? antiope in the event of a invasion . hippolyta be not that why I have a army at my command , General ? antiope I pray a day will never come where she have to fight , but you , the wisest of we all , know that one can not deny they inner nature . a scorpion must sting , a wolf must hunt -- hippolyta she 's a child . the only child on the island . please , let she be so . antiope but , sister -- young diana ( 8 ) but , mother -- ( continued ) 6 . 7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 hippolyta ( a final declaration ) there will be no training . hippolyta ride a crestfallen diana away . she look back at antiope , who nod at diana pointedly . 8 int . hippolyta's palace - diana' bedchamber - night 8 hippolyta attempt to tuck a wide - awake diana ( 8 ) into bed . young diana ( 8 ) what if I promise to be careful ? hippolyta it 's time to sleep . young diana ( 8 ) what if I do not use a sword ? hippolyta Fighting do not make you a hero . young diana ( 8 ) ( not listen ) just a shield then ! no sharp edge ! hippolyta diana ... you be the most precious thing in this world to I . so much so , I sculpt you from clay and begge Zeus to give you life . young diana ( 8 ) ( bored ) you have tell I that story . hippolyta step away and remove a golden - bound triptych . hippolyta then I will tell you a new one . one of we people , and my day of battle ... diana 's face light up , but hippolyta raise she voice to correct she mood . hippolyta so you will finally understand ... why war be nothing to hope for . ( continued ) 7. 8 continued : 8 hippolyta slowly unfold the large triptych , revealing a elaborate painting illustrate the history of the amazon . hippolyta Long ago , when time be new , and all of history be still a dream ... the god rule the Earth , Zeus king among they . push in as the painting seem to come alive , subtly animate . lightn and thunder herald the arrival of zeus atop Olympus , surround by the pantheon of god . hippolyta ( o.s. ) Zeus create being over which the god would rule -- being bear in he image -- fair and good , strong and passionate . Zeus call he creation ... man . ( beat ) and mankind be good . another flash of lightning reveal mankind . hippolyta ( o.s. ) but one grow envious of Zeus ' love for mankind -- and seek to corrupt he creation . the painting seem to come alive again -- are , feature hide in shadow beneath a fearsome , horned helmet . hippolyta ( o.s. ) this be are . the God of War . the sky split open and fire rain from the heaven . Men take up arm , fall in line around are and become he army . hippolyta ( o.s. ) are poison men' heart with jealousy and suspicion , vengeance and rage . he turn they against one another . the dying and the dead litter a raging battlefield . 8a int . hippolyta's palace - diana' bedchamber - night 8a back to Young diana ( 8 ) , she eye wide . hippolyta ( v.o . ) and war ravage the Earth . 8. 9 ext . palace ( themyscira ) - night 9 young diana ( 8 ) sneak out of the palace , past she guard . please with herself , she run off into the night ! 10 ext . secret training location 1 ( themyscira ) - night 10 antiope and Young diana ( 8 ) , now dress for training , raise they bo staff . antiope strike , gently at first , but not for long . diana work hard to defend herself . 11,12 omitted -- incorporated into scene 8 , 8a 11,12 13 ext . battlefield ( painting ) 13 aphrodite , goddess of Love , stand beside Zeus and the other god at the shore of a turbulent sea , wave she hand as the ocean churn . from out of the sea rise : hippolyta , antiope , and countless other figure -- warrior women . hippolyta ( v.o . ) so the god make we , the amazon , to influence men' heart with love and to restore peace to the world . stand behind Aphrodite on the shore , men watch the woman approach in awe , lowering they weapon . hippolyta ( v.o . ) for a brief time , there be peace , even a unity among the world , as the god and man fight side - by - side against a great evil . a ancient war be subtly depict , but not lingered on . if one look close you will see : three armie -- the god , amazon , and atlantean battle jacob . each army in possession of a lotus . are cleave Jacob , then he look to the lotus the human have discard . he reach for it -- antiope ( v.o. ) but it do not last . are ' army of men swing a barrage of weapon at hippolyta and the amazon , lead by the God of War himself . ( continued ) 9. 13 continued : 13 antiope ( v.o. ) are refuse to give up he hold on mankind . tighten he grip , he turn they against we . are and he army of men lead hippolyta and the other amazon out of a burning CITY in shackle and chain . antiope ( v.o. ) when Zeus lead the god to we defense , are kill they , one - by - one ... are grab Apollo from behind , slitting he throat -- elsewhere , he assassinate Aphrodite -- elsewhere , Hermes -- antiope ( v.o. ) .... until only Zeus himself remain . hippolyta break the chain between she bracelet ! antiope ( v.o. ) you mother , the amazon Queen , lead a revolt that freed we all from enslavement . hippolyta lead the amazon in battle against are , swinging she sword , a feral cheetah fight at she side -- 14 ext . wood ( themyscira ) - day 14 Young diana ( 8 ) mimic she mother in battle , thrust she wooden sword as she run . hippolyta ( v.o . ) while Zeus use the last of he power to stop are ... 15 ext . battlefield ( painting ) 15 are and Zeus clash in the eye of a STORM , each at the edge of death . Zeus throw he last thunderbolt , hit are . hippolyta ( v.o . ) ... strike he such a blow , the God of War be force to retreat . are stagger back , a large gash in he chest leak violent , blue power ! he 's swallow up by darkness . ( continued ) 10 . 15 continued : 15 hippolyta ( v.o . ) with Zeus ' die breath , he create this island to shield we from the outside world . somewhere are could not find we . 16 ext . secret training location 2 ( themyscira ) - day 16 antiope attack ! Young diana ( 8 ) try to keep up -- and to antiope 's surprise and satisfaction -- she do ! antiope ( v.o. ) but in the event he do , Zeus leave we a weapon , one powerful enough to kill a God ... to destroy are before he could destroy mankind ... and we ... with a endless war . 17 ext . scenic overlook ( themyscira ) - day 17 hippolyta and Young diana ( 8 ) look across they island home . hippolyta smile , end she story ... but diana look out across the ocean , wonder if are be still out there ... hippolyta we give thanks to the god for this paradise . young diana ( 8 ) and the godkiller ? hippolyta be not sure what diana be refer to ... hippolyta the godkiller ? young diana ( 8 ) yes . the weapon that can kill are if he ever find we . May I see it , mother ? hippolyta 's conflict by diana 's excitement . a beat . then she nod , diana elate . 11 . 18 ext . armory - day 18 hippolyta and Young diana ( 8 ) ride they horse to the armory , a heavily guard keep at the top of themyscira 's hillside . the queen' guard follow . diana 's eye drift up at a high tower with a single window . 19 int . armory - continuous action 19 Young diana ( 8 ) follow hippolyta down a torch - light tunnel and into the open-air center . one high window . hippolyta this be where we keep all the gift the god have give we . diana 's eye drift past a dazzle array of item , include a glow golden girdle , lasso , and at the center , a ornately - craft sword . diana gently touch the hilt of the sword , in awe . young diana ( 8 ) the godkiller ... it 's beautiful ... hippolyta watch she carefully . young diana ( 8 ) who would wield it ? hippolyta I pray there will never come a time when it be call to arm . but only the fiercest among we even could ... and that be not you , diana . she take diana 's hand away from the sword . hippolyta so you see , my daughter , you be safe . and it be nothing for you to concern yourself with . but diana be determine to prove she mother wrong -- 20 ext . secret training location 3 ( themyscira ) - day 20 sword clash ! Young diana ( now 12 ) continue to train with antiope -- more skilled , stronger -- but not yet the warrior she will one day be . as antiope push she -- antiope you be doubting yourself . ( continued ) 12 . 20 continued : 20 young diana ( 12 ) ( defiant ) no , I be not . antiope swing , the sword clash ! Young diana ( 12 ) lose she foot , fall to the ground -- antiope yes , you be . ( beat ) but you be stronger than you believe ... hippolyta ( o.s. ) diana ! hippolyta ride towards they , she guard follow . the Queen climb down , furious . she check she daughter for injury . young diana ( 12 ) mother ... I be fine ... I be just -- hippolyta train . ( to antiope ) it seem I be not the revere queen I should be . disobey , betrayed , by my own sister -- young diana ( 12 ) mother ! it be I . I ask she to -- hippolyta ( to she Guards ) take she to the palace . crestfallen , Young diana ( 12 ) be lead away by hippolyta 's guard . she lock eye with antiope as she leave . antiope you leave I no choice , hippolyta . you neglect you duty if she can not fight . hippolyta you speak of a time that may never come . he may never return ! he could have die of he wound . antiope raise she voice to meet hippolyta 's for the first time in three thousand year . ( continued ) 13 . 20 continued : ( 2 ) 20 antiope you think I do not wish that be true ?! ( beat ) you feel it in you bone , just as I do . are be still alive ... he be out there ... and it 's only a matter of time before he return . hippolyta the stronger diana get -- antiope nobody want this less than I . I love she as you do . ( beat ) but this be the only way to truly protect she . hippolyta 's pain eye look away , pause for a beat , and then return to meet antiope 's with a steely stare . hippolyta she be to never know the truth about what she be and how she come to be . ( beat ) you will train she harder than every amazon before she . antiope hippolyta -- hippolyta five time harder -- ten time harder . ( beat ) you will train she until she be unconquerable . a beat . then antiope nod . smash CUT to : 21 ext . training ground ( themyscira ) - day 21 a amazon roll across the ground with a bow and arrow , rise up and let a arrow fly ! it 's diana ! she 's now fully grow , strike and formidable , with a sly smile -- the arrow hit the target dead CENTER and she move on -- ( continued ) 14 . 21 continued : 21 antiope nod to diana to look across the audience of amazon and up to the hillside -- where hippolyta have arrive on horseback . diana grin , draw she sword . diana move through and over obstacle , where she face off against one of antiope' guard ( African ) , use she shield , bracelet and sword -- then artemis join . diana now take on two amazon -- and excited for the challenge . diana dispatch antiope 's guard . the amazon ' brawler -- artemis -- bare she tooth and attack with no mercy , strike diana hard ! artemis be fierce , revere by the other amazon . diana block the next blow , then send artemis crash to the muddy ground at the foot of the other amazon ! the amazon step back from artemis . humiliate , artemis scowl . diana , grin -- then antiope and diana go into battle ! Warrior in violent , graceful combat . antiope feel she hold back . antiope come on , diana . you be stronger than this . diana attack antiope with strength previously unseen ! the amazon watch with awe . even hippolyta . unrelent , diana strike hard , again and again , until she knock antiope 's sword out of she hand ! cocky , diana point the sword at antiope , who hold up she hand in surrender , proud . diana nod , lowering the sword -- she 's win . diana turn to she mother , look for she approval but -- -- wham ! out of nowhere , antiope send diana to the ground with a brutal blow ! not so fun anymore . diana take a breath , recover . hippolyta watch from the hill -- hippolyta ( under she breath ) get up , diana . diana glance at antiope -- it be a dirty move -- but antiope face off against diana ! ( continued ) 15 . 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 antiope never let you guard down ! you opponent will have no honor . they will strike at you from behind ! they will attack without provocation ! antiope knock diana 's sword aside ! antiope show I the amazon you be ! ( push diana ) or be I wrong to put such faith in you ? pushed to she limit , diana bring both arm up -- then slam she bracelet together ! boosh ! a field of ENERGY emanate from diana' core . we get the sense that this be just the beginning of she true power . still , it 's powerful enough to knock antiope off she foot . diana stumble back ... diana , amaze and elate , realize that something unbelievable have happen . a tiny golden spark in she eye quickly fade . diana 's ecstatic , scared and confuse . she look to she mother : do you see that ? but hippolyta be worried about the implication of diana 's power -- and diana mistake it for judgment . hippolyta what have you do ? diana look to antiope , blood stream from a cut to the head . diana rush to she side . diana I be sorry -- but antiope hold up she hand -- antiope stay back . diana look at the other amazon , who all stare back in silence , even artemis -- then back to she mother 's forlorn face , fill with fear . diana slowly take a step away , feel frighten , guilty , reject -- and diana run -- ( continued ) 16 . 21 continued : ( 3 ) 21 a cold wind blow across the hill . fear fall on hippolyta 's face , take in diana 's action . 22 ext . cliff ( themyscira ) - continuous action 22 diana race up a grassy embankment to a cliff overlook the ocean . she look down at she open palm , clenches they shut . what be that ? then -- a unfamiliar SOUND : a strange gnaw buzz . diana look upward , quickly spot -- a shape on the horizon , move closer . something she have never see before : a german warplane , a fokker , out of control , trail smoke . diana 's sharp gaze catch sight of someone in the cockpit , struggle to escape . the plane dive down , crash into the water ! without hesitation , diana dive off the cliff , hurtle hundred of foot through the air and into the sea . 23 ext . underwater ( aegean sea ) - moment later 23 the plane sink , its pilot already underwater . he struggle to break free from the cockpit , but he messenger bag be catch ! a loud creeeeaaak pierce the water . the pilot look up to see a deep fissure run along the tail . it break free and the engine and cockpit sink like stone . as he sink , he lose breath , the light fade . suddenly , out of nowhere , diana appear on the plane be tail , above the surface . the sun blaze , frame she , a epic vision -- like a angel . the pilot blink into the light one last time . the dark depth close in on he face as he eye fall shut . diana dive in and grab the Pilot . she brace she foot against the plane and rip he away , kick to the surface . 17 . 24 ext . surface ( aegean sea ) - continuous action 24 diana surface with the Pilot , swim effortlessly to shore , unaware that behind they a wwi german battle-cruiser and its three landing craft head towards the island . 25 ext . german battle -cruiser - deck - continuous action 25 a german commander stare into the thick fog with field glass . his lieutenant at he side , bewilder . german lieutenant where do this fog come from ? german commander find the plane . 26 ext . german lead landing craft 1 - continuous action 26 german soldier # 1 spot something , point -- german soldier # 1 ( to ship 's tillerman ) it 's there ! landing craft 1 steer through the fog toward the fokker 's tail section , still afloat . 27 ext . german landing craft 1 - continuous action 27 german soldier # 1 reach out over the side and he hand disappear in a blinding reflection , like fractal shard of light hit a mirror . he briefly see a flash of a beautiful island -- startle , he jolt back , the image vanish into fog . he lean back out and there it be again ! Beyond the protective ring of fog and reef -- a island ! and diana swim the Pilot toward the beach ! stun , he lean inboard , once again enshroud in a foggy , cold , gray day . german soldier # 1 ( stammer ) the pilot . he 's ... there ? the tillerman be skeptical but slowly turn the boat . 18 . 28 ext . beach ( themyscira ) - continuous action 28 diana drag the Pilot onto the beach , he bag around he shoulder . she gently lay he on the sand and get she first real look at the first man she' ever see . his mouth , lip , jaw , hair , stubble -- captivate . this be captain steve trevor ( 30 ) , rugge , handsome . a american fighter pilot undercover for the british . Steve wake , squinting in the sun , surprised to discover diana 's not a hallucination . he take in the strange surroundings , blow back by she breathtaking beauty . steve ( pilot ) wow . she back away as he sit up , surprised by the timber of he voice . diana study he eye . they be so blue . diana you be a ... man ? steve yes , I mean -- ( lowering he voice ) yeah . do I not look like a ... where be I ? diana you be on themyscira . steve thema -- say it again ? diana who be you ? they be cut off by the ear-splitt sound of scraping metal . diana and Steve turn to see the german battle-cruiser run aground on the protective reef around themyscira . steve I be one of the good guy , and that be the bad guy . the wounded battle - cruiser sink , but she three german landing craft steam towards the beach . steve y'know ... Germans . ( continued ) 19 . 28 continued : 28 diana Germans ? steve we gotta get out of here . hippolyta ( o.s. ) diana ! diana and Steve look up to the cliff to see -- battle-ready hippolyta on horseback , with the queen be guard , all with arrow point directly at Steve . hippolyta ( to Steve ; enraged ) step away from she ! now ! steve where be they gun ? another wave of guardswomen arrive behind hippolyta on horseback , aim arrow at the german ship . steve do they only have arrow ? we need gun . because the Germans have gun . lot and lot of -- a torrent of flaming arrow sail from the cliff top , over diana 's and Steve 's head , hit all three landing craft . the Germans FIRE back in retaliation ! steve get down ! Steve pull diana behind a rock formation , out of sight of the invade Germans now fan out across the beach . more amazon join the other on the cliff , lead by orana . orana shoot a grappling arrow into the rock wall of the opposite cliff . she swing down the attach line toward the beach , fire arrow after arrow at the Germans . on the beach : diana and Steve watch she , stunne . diana turn as a soldier lift he rifle and fire . she see the bullet leave the gun , head straight for she in slow motion -- Steve tackle diana , push she to the ground as the bullet just miss she . ( continued ) 20 . 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 diana 's heighten sense allow she to see the bullet sailing past -- she 's confuse by what she 's see -- until it hit orana ! diana be aghast as orana fall slack on the grapple line , she lifeless body swinging against the cliff wall . diana steve no ! keep you head down ! the Germans continue to FIRE at the amazon atop the cliff , several of whom plummet to they death on the beach below . orana 's slayer squint down he rifle 's eyesight -- whunk ! a arrow now sprout from the rifle barrel . a stampede of horsewomen ride through a massive stone archway onto the beach . the amazon cavalry , lead by antiope . antiope , menalippe and artemis at she side , block bullet with she shield and cut through Germans with she sword , trample they beneath she horse 's foot . Steve crawl out , see a soldier take cover behind a rock nearby . steve ( to diana ) stay here ! a glint of a knife in Steve 's hand as he leap on the soldier , drag he down -- then quickly reappearing , shoot a rifle . diana grab the sword and shield of a fall sister and join the battle . she 's quickly surround , but hold she own , fend off a swarm of Germans . antiope ( shouting to she troops ) omicron formation ! antiope 's team organize into a formation , work together but still overwhelm until -- hippolyta arrive on the beach , join the battle in spectacular fashion . she slashes through the Germans like no other amazon , prove why she be queen ! diana be in awe of she mother -- it 's the first time she 's witness she fight . ( continued ) 21 . 28 continued : ( 3 ) 28 antiope find relief as hippolyta join she side -- the two sister fight back - to-back , wiping out all but five german . antiope ( to menalippe ) shield ! Steve watch as menalippe take she shield with both hand , hold it parallel to the ground . antiope dismount , run at she , then jump onto the shield , spring high into the AIR ! one of the five remain Germans raise he rifle to fire at antiope , but Steve shoot he first , save antiope 's life , which be not lose on diana . at the height of she mid-air arc , antiope fire three arrow at once , eliminate all but one remain german who raise he gun at diana . steve diana ! Steve aim at the soldier as he fire , but antiope step in front of she niece . taking the bullet , she fall to the ground . Steve fire and the german fall , too . diana antiope ! the noise , the battle , everything fall away as diana race to antiope 's side . diana no ! please no ! diana race to antiope , die , struggle to speak -- antiope diana . the time have come ... you ... you must ... diana antiope what !? antiope !! ( barely audible ) the godkiller , diana , go -- diana ( uncomprehend ) go where ? antiope ! no ! hippolyta rush to diana , fall to she knee in front of antiope 's lifeless body . ( continued ) 22 . 28 continued : ( 4 ) 28 hippolyta sister ! antiope still . diana 's devastate , she first experience of death . philippus look on , sadden . hippolyta grab she sword and turn to Steve . hippolyta you ! diana rush between they . diana mother , no ! he fight at my side against the invader . menalippe typical . the man fight against he own people . steve they be not my people . menalippe then why do you wear they color ? artemis tell we ! Steve look down at he german uniform . steve I -- I be not at liberty to say . menalippe what be you name ? steve I can not tell you that , either . venelia we should kill he right now and be do with it . philippus talk , calm despite she friend 's death . philippus he die now and we know nothing about why they come here and who they be . ( continued ) 23 . 28 continued : ( 5 ) 28 steve lady , I be sorry . I can only tell you one thing about I : I will never talk . 29 int . palace - throne room - later 29 Steve 's overcome by a unseen force . he struggle . steve my name 's Captain Steve trevor . Pilot ... american Expeditionary force . serial number 8121941 . that 's all I be at liberty to s-- reveal : Steve , bleed from injury sustained in battle , bound by a glowing golden lasso control by menalippe . diana and hippolyta , battle weary , watch he . with they the queen' guard , what 's leave of antiope' guard and senator acantha ( 5as ) . Steve strain to keep he mouth shut . he can not . steve second ... to british Intelligence . ( be : lasso ) what the hell be this thing , anyway ? diana the lasso of hestia compel you to reveal the truth . menalippe it be pointless -- and painful -- to resist . hippolyta what be you mission ? steve whoever you be , you be in enough danger as it be . you should not -- hippolyta what be you mission ? ( continued ) 24 . 29 continued : 29 steve ( exhales ; cave ) I be a spy . CUT to : 30 flashback - ext . military installation ( ottoman empire ) - 30 day Steve , in he german pilot' uniform , stand on a airstrip next to several other pilot and plane . steve ( v.o. ) british Intelligence get word that the leader of the german Army , General ludendorff , be visit a secret military installation in the ottoman Empire . steve's Pov following general ludendorff as he and he troops enter a large , nondescript warehouse . steve ( v.o. ) I pose as one of they pilot , then fly in with they . 31 int . military installation - factory / laboratory - day 31 Steve follow the other into the warehouse . steve ( v.o. ) accord to we intel , the Germans have no troops leave , no money , no munition of any kind ... Steve discover this be a immense munition factory manned by elderly man , woman , and child , all of whom appear to be slave labor for the Germans in the mass production of bomb . steve ( v.o. ) ... but we intel be wrong . the Germans have the Turks make bomb for they . and not just bomb ... ludendorff approach a scientist , wear head - to- toe protective gear . removing mask and goggle , we meet the stunningly beautiful dr . maru , 40s . she finish write a chemical formula in a notebook . she turn , greet ludendorff with respect and confidence . ( continued ) 25 . 31 continued : 31 steve ( v.o. ) New weapon . invent by ludendorff 's chief psychopath . Dr. isabel maru . Steve can not help but stare admiringly ... until maru turn she head , revealing metal plate on she face , hide damage incur by she own experiment . steve ( v.o. ) boy in the trenches call she ` Dr. poison . ' maru lead ludendorff to she lab , to a fully - enclose test chamber with a viewing window . in the chamber , Steve see a gruesome site : a prisoner , he terrify face cover by a gas mask , he wrist and ankle stretch out and restrain by chain . another chain lead from the top of the prisoner 's gas mask . out of earshot , Steve watch as maru show ludendorff the formulas in she notebook , explain they . maru close the notebook and set it down , then release glowing gas into the chamber . panicked , the prisoner 's terrify eye widen , muffled scream cry out behind he gas mask . enrapture , maru put a hand against the window , she anxious eye follow the smoke fill the chamber : it have to work this time . ludendorff watch , wait . Steve look on in horror as the prisoner 's gas mask begin to show slight sign of disintegration : thin crack in the glass , wear on the strap , corrosion on the metal -- maru be not even aware she 's grin , but then -- the prisoner realize the gas mask be resisting the gas , protect he . he calm . maru 's face fall . her eye dart to ludendorff who show obvious sign of disappointment . Steve watch as a frustrated Dr. maru pull a lever -- and the chain connect to the prisoner 's gas mask tear the mask off , expose he to what 's leave of the gas ! the panicked prisoner scream in pain as he breathes in , die horribly ! Steve can barely watch , he glance away -- and he eye lock on maru 's notebook . ( continued ) 26 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 steve ( v.o. ) from what I see ... if Dr. maru be able to complete she work , million would die . the war would never end . ( beat ) I have to do something ... Steve make a decision , know it could cost he he life -- he grab the notebook . steve dammit . maru turn to see she notebook go ! she look around just in time to see Steve leave . they lock eye briefly as he exit -- 32 ext . military installation - airstrip - continuous action 32 a alarm blare as Steve -- pursue by a dozen german soldier -- run to a fokker , prop already rotate . 33 ext . sky above the military installation - continuous 33 action Steve 's plane take off , but he do not fly away . instead , he double back toward the warehouse , where ludendorff and maru escape in a military vehicle . 34 int . steve's fokker - continuous action 34 Steve use the fokker 's 12 - barrel rotary cannon to FIRE on ludendorff 's vehicle -- but it get away . Steve train the gun on the evacuate military installation 's glass roof , whose worker have just evacuate . he strafe it , take out all of the glass pane before drop hand - bomb into the complex . the factory explode in a fire ball as he fly off into the sky ! end flashback . 35 int . palace - throne room - day 35 Steve try to resist the lasso again , but can not -- ( continued ) 27 . 35 continued : 35 steve I be on my way back to London when the Germans shot I down ... Steve 's eye firmly on he bag at hippolyta 's foot . diana remove Dr. maru 's notebook . steve but if I can get that note to british Intelligence in time , it might make a difference ... ( emotional ) ... stop million more from die ... stop the war ... diana War ? what war ? steve ... the War to end all Wars . four year , twenty - seven nation , twenty - five million dead -- soldier ... and civilian ... Steve swallow hard , force by the lasso to reveal all . not just the fact , but also he feeling about they . steve ( with difficulty ) ... innocent people . woman and child . slaughter . they home -- village -- loot , burn . weapon deadlier , more horrifying than you can imagine . like nothing I have ever see ... it 's like ... ( absolute truth to he ) ... like the world be go to end . Steve 's head hang low , diana look at he with sympathy and sadness . hippolyta ( stoney - face ) take he to the infirmary . diana tense , clearly shake by this . 36 ext . palace - courtyard - night 36 diana follow hippolyta and the cortege into the courtyard , try to lend voice to they debate . ( continued ) 28 . 36 continued : 36 phillipus should we let he go ? hippolyta and risk he bring more man to we shore . phillipus ... diana ( quiet ) mother -- ? phillipus we can not hold he forever , my Queen . diana Excuse I , mother . but after everything the man say ... this must be are . they all stop and face diana . senator acantha what be you talk about , child ? diana forgive I , Senator acantha , but ... the man call it a war without end . million of people already dead . like nothing he 's ever see . only are could do such a thing . we can not simply let he go . ( then ) we must go with he . hippolyta we be not deploy we army and leave themyscira defenseless to go and fight they war ! diana it be not they war . ( repeat the history lesson ) Zeus create man to be just and wise , strong and passionate . hippolyta that be a story , diana . there be much you do not know . mankind be easily corruptible . ( continued ) 29 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 diana but are be behind that corruption . it be are who have this Germans fight . and stop the God of War be we foreordinance -- hippolyta we must care to we wounded , honor we fall ! diana themyscira have see death for the first time , mother . are must not be allow to threaten we again . we know only too well what happen if he find we -- and he will . never again shall we be enslave . and now mankind must be freed . as amazon this be we duty ! hippolyta you be not a amazon like the rest of we , diana . that strike diana in the heart . hippolyta stop herself from revealing more , cover -- hippolyta you do not know war like we do . diana ( accusatory ) you may be afraid to face are , mother , but I be not . hippolyta ( angry ; for she own good ) afraid ? you know nothing of fear , child . nothing of war . nothing of pain . nothing of sacrifice . so you will do nothing . ( beat ) you Queen forbid it . diana leave , brim with anger -- hippolyta with conflict . 37 int . infirmary - epione's room - night 37 epione , a skilled healer , stitches up a wound on diana 's arm . diana do not flinch . ( continued ) 30 . 37 continued : 37 epione be it true you save he life ? diana who tell you that ? epione he do . ( beat ) what will the Queen do with he ? will she kill he ? off diana , wonder herself . 38 int . infirmary - steve's room - later 38 diana enter to find Steve step out of a tub -- he back to she -- naked . she study he body as he towel himself dry . Steve 's shoulder have be bandaged , but he body be cover with cut , bruise , scar from other battle . diana touch she own wound , sympathetic . Steve finally turn , startle to see she there . steve do not hear you come in . / do not hear you knock . diana stare at he . puzzle . Steve be not enjoy the look on she face . diana would you say you be a typical example of you sex ? Steve raise a eyebrow , slightly offended , but he do not cover himself . steve I like to think of myself as ... above average . diana what be that ? Steve be relieved to see she mean he pocket watch on top of he clothes . steve it 's a watch . diana a watch . ( continued ) 31 . 38 continued : 38 steve my father give it to I . be through hell and back with he , and now I , and it 's still tick . diana ( listen to it tick ) why ? steve because it tell time . ( off she look ) so , I know when to wake up , work , eat , sleep . diana ( that 's ridiculous ) you let this little thing tell you what to do ? Steve take the watch from she , cover up . steve do you mind if I ask you a couple hundred question ? diana shrug . steve what be this place ? diana themyscira . steve I catch that before . I mean what be this place ? how come I have never hear of it ? who the hell be you people ? how do you know English ? diana we speak hundred of language . we be the bridge to a great understanding between all man . steve funny , because I understand even less now than before you walk in . the way Steve watch she make diana self - conscious . ( continued ) 32 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 steve hey , I do not get to say it earlier ... but thanks for drag I out of the water . diana thank you for what you do on the beach . steve so ... be you here to let I go ? diana I be sorry ... it 's not up to I . I try . I even ask they to send I with you -- Steve 's eye brighten . diana backpedal in embarrassment . diana -- or anyone . a amazon . the amazon . steve the amazon ? diana it be we sacred duty to defend the world ... and I wish to go . but my mother will not allow it . which , from she tone , clearly disappoint diana . Steve 's surprised to find himself disappointed , too , though he better sense tell he not to be . steve can not say I blame she . ( off diana 's surprise ) the way this war be go , I would not let anyone I care about near it . diana then why do you want to go back ? Steve start dress . steve I do not think want be the word , but ... I have gotta try . ( wistful ; remember he father ) my father use to say . ( more ) ( continued ) 33. 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 steve ( cont 'd ) ` you see something wrong in the world , you can either do nothing , or you can do something . and you already try nothing . ' move , diana take that in . determination on she face . 39 ext . armory ( themyscira ) - night 39 on this still , moonlit night , the armory stand monolithic amongst the other building of themyscira . diana survey from a oppose hillside . the building 's face a impenetrable mountainside , accessible by only one main entrance , completely block by several guard who stand watch -- and even if she could take they all on , diana do not want to hurt they . study the building further , she focus on the single window in the high tower . diana 's face darken with fix focus . she look down at she foot , back at the space -- calculate it all . she turn to the hillside behind she , spot a distant branch twist from a tree . it look relatively equidistant to the armory . she take a step towards it , then another -- and another -- and diana leap into the air , lock on the branch -- but she land far before reach it ! as diana jog to a stop , she frown fade : I know that I can do this . diana set off in a dead sprint towards the cliffside -- she leap over the abyss below . her face calm as she soar through the night -- the build barrel toward her , she eye widen . think fast she grasp a spur and -- she slam into the side , hold on . she revel in the moment briefly and then sober : now what ? the window be at least 30 foot above she -- below , the abyss . the wind moan . diana 's grip tightens on the spur . suddenly , the spur crack ! diana fall -- she scramble against the wall , she hand grasp at the stone face . shard flying around she , she realize she 's strong enough to make she own handhold -- slam ! ( continued ) 34 . 39 continued : 39 her hand catch and she yank to a stop ! shock , she hang there for a second , then grin fiercely . she begin to climb she way straight up the stone wall , she finger slamm into the tower , make she own ladder out of solid stone . 40 ext . armory - rooftop - continuous action 40 diana flip herself up onto a tiny ledge outside of the window . she move in -- 41 int . armory - continuous action 41 in the moonlit darkness of the desert armory , diana move towards the godkiller sword . she take it from its scabbard , awed by its weight , its sheer power in she hand . she hold it tight . it feel right . as she leave , she pass a suit of ancient armor and snatch its shield . then the lasso of hestia disappear from its hook . diana , now half - dress in greek armor , admire a glow golden belt -like girdle , then look ahead to something that really catch she eye . blurry in we f.g. , the silhouette of a woman 's form glow gold , red , and blue from its display . diana 's eye widen with delight . 42 int . infirmary - steve's room - minute later 42 diana enter , waking Steve -- steve Nice outfit . diana ( without irony ) thank you . now I will show you the way off the island . and you will take I to are . steve ( as she 's a bit nut ) deal . Steve grab he watch and bag . 35 . 43 ext . harbor ( themyscira ) - dock - continuous action 43 diana and Steve on horseback emerge from the forest at the edge of a harbor . diana and Steve turn to the front of a not-very - modern -look ( by 1918 standard ) amazon sailing vessel . steve ( skeptical ) I be leave in that ? diana we be . steve we be leave in that ? diana do you not know how to sail ? steve ( a touch of bravado ) of course , I know how to sail . why would not I be able to sail ? ( beat ) just have not since I be a kid -- she nod , motion to the boat with encouragement . diana then there 's nothing to be afraid of . Steve hesitates . diana what ? Steve nod at the valley behind they , where hippolyta and the queen' guard thunder in on they horse . hippolyta raise she hand , order she guard to halt . she approach diana alone . diana take a breath , reluctantly meeting she mother 's eye , dread this . diana ( defiant ; strong ) I can not stand by while innocent life be lose . if no one else will defend the world from are , I must . I have to go -- ( continued ) 36 . 43 continued : 43 hippolyta I know . diana find not fury on she mother 's face , but sadness . hippolyta or at least I know that I cannot stop you . there be so much ... so much you do not understand . diana I understand enough . that I be willing to fight for that who can not fight for themselves . like you once do ... hippolyta you know that if you choose to leave we , you may never return . once you leave this island , its location will fade from you memory ... hippolyta relent , nodd . she climb down from she horse , take something from the saddle . she present diana with antiope' headband . hippolyta this belong to the great warrior in we history -- make sure you be worthy of it . diana I will . she hand it to she daughter . hippolyta be careful in the world of man , diana , they do not deserve you . hippolyta try to memorize she daughter 's face , believe it 's the last time she will ever see it . hippolyta you have be my great love . today you be my great sorrow . diana walk away from she mother , and the only home she 's ever know , towards Steve and the ship . the weight of this good - bye do not go unnotice by Steve . 37 . 44 ext . themysciran sailing vessel ( aegean sea ) - night 44 diana look back towards the island , she whole world until now . 45 ext . shoreline ( themyscira ) - night 45 menalippe approach , join hippolyta 's side . menalippe should you have tell she ? hippolyta the more she know , the faster he will find she . 46 ext . themysciran sailing vessel ( aegean sea ) - night 46 a breeze move through diana 's hair as she take a breath , watch the island drift away , and in a sudden flicker of fog -- it be go . bittersweet . she eye Steve at the tiller . he look at he watch , still tick , then pocket it . diana how long until we reach the war ? steve the war ? well , which part ? the Eastern Front in France be 400 mile long -- from the alp to the Atlantic . then there 's the dolomite in Italy , Turks in Arabia -- there use to be a Russian Front but they quit last year so they could kill the tzar and have a revolution . diana where the fight be the most intense then . if you take I there , I be sure I will find who I be look for . steve who 's that ? diana are . steve are ? as in the God of War ? ( continued ) 38 . 46 continued : 46 diana the God of War be we responsibility . only a amazon can defeat he . with this . diana point the sword at Steve , he hold he hand up . diana and once I do , the war will end . Steve gently push the sword away from he . he would normally refute this outright , but after all he 's see today , he 's turn upside down -- steve look , princess , I like you spirit , and maybe you know something I do not , but this war be so sprawling , there 's nothing the two of we can do about it . but we can try to get to the man who can . diana you be look at the person who can . and after I find and destroy are , the german army will be freed from he influence -- and they will be good man again . steve ( as she 's nut ) I be start to understand why you mother do not want you to leave . ( beat ) how much do you really know about the rest of the world ? diana the world of man ? I know all there be to know about they -- from the great book . Steve can not tell whether she 's joke or not . steve the great book . that book explain why there be no man on that island ? or kid ? diana I be raise on the island . ( continued ) 39 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 steve just you ? ( off she nod ) shelter upbringing . diana my mother sculpt I from clay . I be bring to life by Zeus . steve oh. well , that 's not how baby be make where I come from . diana turn to Steve , move closer . the tension between they palpable . diana get close -- diana you refer to reproductive biology . steve I refer to more than that . diana ah . the pleasure of the flesh . Steve get closer . steve ( pleasantly surprised ) you know about that ? diana of course . I have read all twelve volume of clio 's treatises on bodily pleasure . steve all twelve , huh ? ( off she nod ) you bring any of they with you ? Steve move closer to diana . she grin -- diana you would not enjoy they . they come to the conclusion that man be essential for procreation , but when it come to pleasure ... unnecessary . Steve give diana a look that seem to suggest he would challenge that . diana take that look in for a split second , then turn away , self - conscious . Steve do the same . and they sail on ... 40 . 47 ext . hangar ( belgium ) - dr . marus laboratory - day 47 general ludendorff march toward a hangar that 's become Dr. maru 's new factory . he 's follow by a captain and he guard . ludendorff do not look happy , despite the hustle and bustle of worker . ludendorff how long until we be operational ? captain two day , sir . ludendorff you have until tonight , Captain . captain Sir , the man have have no food . no sleep . ludendorff do you think I have have food or rest , Captain ? do you hear I make excuse ? you man be weak . complacent . you have spoiled they . you have let they forget that a attack can come at any time -- from any quarter -- so let 's you and I remind they , shall we ? ludendorff shoot the Captain , make a example of he . his body thud to the ground . 48 int . hangar - dr . marus laboratory - continuous action 48 ludendorff walk into maru 's new lab in mid-construction . barrel of chemicals and equipment line the hangar . 48a int . hangar - dr . marus lab - day 48a maru furiously work , look at the chemical , she formulas , write in a new notebook -- she 's at a crossroad . she stop , stick -- when ludendorff approach . ludendorff Doctor . be you make progress ? maru not enough ... it be over , General . Germany be give up . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 . 48a continued : 48a maru ( cont 'd ) von hindenburg have recommend the kaiser sign the armistice . we have run out of time . ludendorff once the kaiser see you newest weapon , he will never sign the armistice . maru but without my book ... ludendorff turn to maru , gaze at she . ludendorff we will get you book . but I believe in you , not it . I know that you can and you will succeed . ( beat ) it be what you be put on this Earth to do . the way he say it , as if he be God himself . maru ludendorff something do come to I ( alt ) last night . for you ... it have be a long journey . I need ... Doctor maru pull out a metal case , produce a glass capsule full of blue gas . maru a different type of gas . ( beat ) to restore you strength . General ludendorff take the capsule , examine it . maru and make you into the god you be . he break the capsule under he nose , inhale -- he vein glow as he breathes in . he stand taller , be - energize , confident , he hand hold a gun -- and crush it . a strange wind blows across maru ... she turn , as if she can hear a voice . then she grin . maru General ... I have it . and if it be what I think ... it 's go to be ... terrible . ( continued ) 42 . 48a continued : ( 2 ) 48a ludendorff and we war will swallow this world ... forever . pre - lap -- the horn and bell of a steamship . 49 ext . themysciran sailing vessel ( ocean ) - morning 49 diana wake to find a enormous steam ship , its horn blaring , towing they boat into the harbor . she blink , never have see anything like it . steve ( o.s. ) good morning . ( beat ) we get lucky , catch a ride . make good time . over Steve 's shoulder , diana get she first eye-popping view of industrialized london ( circa 1918 ) . steve welcome to jolly ol ' London . diana , awestruck , take in the city 's skyline . diana it 's hideous . steve eh . it 's not for everyone . 50 ext . picadilly circus ( london ) - day 50 diana , eye -wide , take in the cobblestone street . over -dress people , a horse - drawn carriage , newsttand shout out headline of war and vote for women . this be all first for diana , and she seem fascinate by they -- to she this be the world of good man . she look through various store window with wonder . she move past a bakery , breathe in the wonderful smell . a horseless carriage honk , diana watch it drive by , move out of its way -- but with a smile . steve ( o.s. ) diana ! Steve be work to keep up with diana . she see something she can barely fathom -- a man and woman hold hand , very much in love . it 's captivate . ( continued ) 43. 50 continued : 50 diana why be they hold hand ? steve well , because they be ... together . diana take Steve 's hand . he let it go . steve no , we be not together ... I mean , like that . look , we need to go this way . diana because this be the way to the war ? steve ( point the opposite way ) technically , that 's the way to war . diana then where be we go ? steve ( pat he bag ) I have to get this notebook to my superior . diana I let you go , you take I to are . we make a deal , Steve trevor . a deal be a promise . a promise be unbreakable . steve ( almost find that endear ) oh , boy . okay ... ( stick with she ) dammit . ( beat ) come with I to deliver this , then we will talk about get you a train ticket . someone glare at Steve 's clothes -- the remain of a german pilot . steve I need to change . ( to diana ) and you ... ( continued ) 44 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 people stare at diana , she cloak open , revealing she armor . she smile and nod , " hello ! , " they back away . Steve try to keep she cloak close -- he can not help but take a second glance at she leg . diana what be you do ? steve ( sneak a third glance ) we need to get you some clothes . diana why ? steve because you be not wear any . diana , confuse , look down at she armor , then look around at the mostly overdress woman on the street . diana what do this woman wear into battle ? steve ( how to say it ? ) well , woman do not exactly -- diana 's eye snap to a young mother hold a baby . diana a baby . the mother look at diana quite oddly . Steve take diana gently by the arm , nod to the mother , and keep move . steve and that one be not make out of clay . they move on , both unaware that they be be follow by a man in a suit . voice ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) it 's true ! you be alive ! 51 ext . selfridge &amp ; CO . - day 51 etta candy , Steve 's loyal , cheeky , secretary spy Steve and diana walk towards she . ( continued ) 45 . 51 continued : 51 etta well , thank God for that ! I think you be dead this time , I really do , then I get you call -- ( to diana ) he be go for week ! not a word . very unlike he . etta extend a hand to diana . diana just look at it . etta hello . I be etta candy . Captain trevor 's secretary . diana what be a secretary ? etta well , it mean I do everything . I go wherever he go . do whatever he tell I to do . diana ( glaring at Steve ) where I be from , that 's call slavery . etta ( to Steve ; be : diana ) ooh , I like this one . ( to diana ) it do rather feel like that sometimes . but the pay 's good and he 's almost never here . eye diana 's clothing . etta we have get we work cut out for we . we follow diana in -- 52 int . selfridge &amp ; CO . - continuous action 52 diana examine a corset tight on a mannequin , etta and Steve with she . diana be this what pass for armor in you country ? ( continued ) 46 . 52 continued : 52 etta of a sort . it 's fashion . keeps we tummy in . diana why must you keep they in ? etta only a woman with no tummy would ask that question . etta hold up a outfit for diana . etta Conservative , but not entirely ... un - fun . diana look at Steve as if to say , " do I have to ? " steve at least try it on . diana , sigh , then start to take off she cloak . etta 's eye go wide . she rush to stop diana from remove it . etta oh , my ! be not you terribly cold out here where everyone can see ... everything ? let 's get you into a nice , warm , private dress room , shall we ? etta lead diana off , look to Steve as if to say , " where do you find this woman ? " 53 int . selfridge &amp ; CO . - woman be wear - moment later 53 diana , in outfit # 1 -- frilly and silly -- stand in front of the mirror , miserable . it 's ridiculous . diana pull the dress up , wonder aloud -- diana how can a woman possibly fight in this ? etta we fight with we principle . it 's how we get the vote . she wink at diana , who relate to principle fight . ( continued ) 47 . 53 continued : 53 etta not that I be oppose to engage in a bit of fisticuff when the situation call for it , mind you ! 53a int . selfridge &amp ; CO . - woman be wear - moment later 53a diana in outfit # 2 -- a tight skirt and top . etta admire it . etta there we be . very nice . diana try to kick , impossible in this dress . it rip . she shake she head at etta . this dress will not do . 54 int . selfridge &amp ; CO . - woman be wear - moment later 54 diana , in outfit # 3 -- almost exactly what etta wear - yank at its high collar impatiently . diana so itchy . and it 's choke I . etta ( exasperate ) I can not say that I blame it . 55 int . selfridge &amp ; CO . - moment later 55 Steve walk up to etta . he 's now dress in he suit . steve where be she ? etta try on outfit number two hundred and twenty - six . diana emerge from the dress room in fashionable woman' dress that , on any other woman , would be unremarkable . on diana , it 's spectacular . diana why be everyone stare ? be it because I can barely breathe in this ? diana shift uncomfortably , self - conscious , and dislike the restriction . Steve , catch himself stare , snap out of it . ( continued ) 48 . 55 continued : 55 steve ( to etta ) etta , the whole point be to make she less conspicuous . Steve look around the store , grab a pair of glass . he gently put the glass on diana 's face . look satisfied . etta really , Steve ? all it take be a pair of specs , and suddenly she 's not the most beautiful woman you have ever see ? diana look into the mirror , take a deep breath and settles into the dress . she smile as she fix she glass . 56 ext . selfridge &amp ; co./ oxford ST . - continuous action 56 diana , hair up , in she glass and new outfit push through the door as diana prince . the man in the suit from earlier , hold it open for she . diana thank you . etta follow diana and Steve out with the shopping bag . diana tuck the lasso into the inside of she coat -- etta right then , I will take the rest of this . good luck , I will take this back to the office and meet you both later . etta go for diana 's sword , but diana yank it back . etta it really do not go with the outfit . steve it will be safe . you can trust she . ( beat ) I do not think we be go to run into are at the meeting . diana reluctantly let etta take the sword along with the shopping bag , presumably carry she armor . ( continued ) 49 . 56 continued : 56 diana ( earnest ) please . protect it with you life . etta ( raise a eyebrow ) ... who would not ? 57 ext . STREET ( london ) - continuous action 57 diana and Steve walk down the street , the suite man from earlier follow they . he 's suddenly distract by the reappearance of the suited man from earlier , who confer with a second suite man ( sm # 2 ) . steve come on . diana what be it ? steve hopefully nothing . Steve lead diana down a less - populate street . diana see sm # 1 and sm # 2 tracking they on opposite side of the street . Steve , distract , bump right into suite man # 3 and look down to find a gun aim at he gut . suite man # 3 Captain trevor , I believe you have something that be the property of General ludendorff . 58 ext . alleyway ( london ) - continuous action 58 sm # 3 back Steve and diana into a alleyway where two more man wait . now all five of the suite men gather , three of they have they gun out on diana and Steve . steve quite a reception . suite man # 3 give we Dr. maru 's notebook . Steve step in front of diana , search he jacket -- ( continued ) 50 . 58 continued : 58 steve where do I put that thing ? at which point -- Steve kick the gun out of sm # 3's hand , hitting he into the two other holding gun . Steve hold he arm up , " protect " diana -- steve ( to diana ) stay behind I ! sm # 2 fire ! Steve push diana out of the bullet 's path , but diana reach out -- the bullet bounce off her bracelet ! everyone freeze with astonishment as diana realize she bracelet may be more than just symbolic . steve or not . sm # 2 and sm # 3 FIRE ! diana raise both bracelet , deflect they bullet . her technique be clumsy at first as she get use to the torque , impact and SOUND . Steve take out sm # 1 while diana grab sm # 3 as he last shot fire -- and lay he out with a blow . diana deflect the last of sm # 2 's bullet as he gun run empty . everyone be amaze , especially Steve -- steve how would you do that ? she smile as if to say , you be not see nothing yet -- the remain three suite men rush Steve and diana . diana slam she fist into sm # 2 while Steve take on sm # 4. diana grab the daze sm # 2 -- swing he around , crash he into sm # 5 hard -- and they be both down . a spilt second later , Steve finish take out sm # 4 . the suite man run off , leave only sm # 1 behind . sm # 1 stir . diana and Steve turn to see he make a run for it -- etta ( o.s. ) I think you look suspicious . sm # 1 be stop in he track by etta , wield the godkiller , shopping bag at she foot . ( continued ) 51 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 etta where do you think you be go ? sm # 1 run in the other direction , but diana retrieve the lasso from inside she coat and use it to pull he off he foot , onto he back . as the lasso glow , diana kneel at he side , compassionately place she hand on he chest . in she mind , he action be not he fault . diana I be sorry . you be clearly under he control . let I help you get free . tell I where he be ... where will I find are ? but the suite man pop a cyanide pill between he tooth before she can get a answer . diana he 's dead . diana look at Steve and etta , horrify . 59 int . war office bldg . - assembly hall - day 59 diana follow Steve into a assembly hall , where a unruly group of man , military leader and member of parliament , shout down sir patrick morgan ( 40s ) , kindly face , a cane at he side . diana gaze across the hall like a tourist . steve stay here . diana nod -- a beat -- then she proceed to follow Steve down the aisle , run she hand across the row of chair , nodd and smile to the dumbfounded man stare at she . sir patrick gentlemen ! Germany be a proud nation who will never surrender . the only way to end this war and restore world peace be to negotiate a armistice . the assembly roar objection at Sir Patrick as Steve find colonel phillip darnell ( 40s ) in the crowd . ( continued ) 52 . 59 continued : 59 steve ( to darnell ; urgent whisper ) Colonel ! six colonel , who be not darnell , turn they head . steve ( to the colonel ) sorry . ( another urgent whisper ) Phillip ! phil ! darnell turn , amaze to see Steve there -- alive ! Steve nod toward the door , then realize the room have go silent . every eye in the hall be fix on diana , the only woman in a room that do not allow woman . diana , oblivious , look up at Sir Patrick . sir patrick ( distract by diana ) we only aim at this moment -- must be to achieve peace at any cost . the crowd grumble again , about a woman 's presence there as much as Sir Patrick 's rhetoric . Steve take diana 's arm and lead she out of the auditorium , darnell follow . sir patrick gentlemen , I beg you , please , if you will just hear I out -- diana why will they not let he speak ? he 's talk peace . steve that 's why they will not let he speak . diana but if they want to stop the war , be not that foolish ? ( beat ) be they fool ? steve ( shake he head " no " ) most of `em . 53. 60 int . war office bldg . - lobby - continuous action 60 a agitate and embarrassed Colonel darnell make he way to Steve and diana , glance at other watch he . Colonel darnell make he way to Steve and diana . colonel darnell trevor ?! what the hell be you think bring a woman into the council chamber ? diana look at Steve , indignant . he hold he hand up , calming diana -- steve ( to darnell ) I be sorry , sir , but the intel I have bring back be very time sensitive . we be attack by man look for it on the way here . one of maru 's notebook . steve we need to get it to cryptography . and I need a immediate audience with the Generals -- colonel darnell you do not just rush in here , like this , and demand a audience with the cabinet . cryptography take time and -- sir patrick ( o.s. ) Captain trevor ! Sir Patrick emerge from the auditorium , make he way over to the threesome . sir patrick I would hear you be lose on one of you mission , yet here you be . and you have bring a friend . Sir Patrick smile sweetly at diana , she smile back , notice he cane . colonel darnell we deep apology for the interruption , sir -- sir patrick nonsense . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 . 60 continued : 60 sir patrick ( cont 'd ) thanks to this young woman , the room be finally quiet enough for I to get a few word in . ( a humble bow ) Sir Patrick Morgan , at you service . diana bow she head in return . diana diana , princess of -- steve ( over ) Prince , diana Prince . we ... she and I ... we work together . she help I get this notebook here . from maru 's lab -- Steve present the notebook . Sir Patrick take it , understanding the implication immediately . sir patrick ` Dr. poison ' herself ? my God ... ( to darnell ) I suggest we assemble the war cabinet so they can tell we more . darnell hesitates , then nod . Steve and diana grateful for the assist -- 60a int . hangar - dr . marus laboratory - day 60 a tight on : a gas canister . maru turn a valve on it , adjust the pressure . she screw the canister onto the side of a small glass chamber contain a gas mask . she lock the canister in place , then release the gas into the chamber . ludendorff and maru watch as the new gas hiss in , creep towards the gas mask , envelop it . the mask begin to disintegrate -- thin crack in the glass , wear on the strap , corrosion on the metal . it 's just as it be before . maru , fill with anticipation , wonder : will it work this time ? it do . the gas continue , eat away at the mask -- the glass crack apart , the strap sever , the metal break . a sign of the pain and horror it will soon inflict . it be maru 's great achievement -- then even the glass chamber itself start to shudder -- and crack ! ( continued ) 55 . 60a continued : 60 a maru grin , wait until the last possible second before unleash a single spark into the chamber , cause the highly flammable gas to combust in a burst of flame ! elate , maru look to ludendorff . he nod with approval . ludendorff congratulation , Doctor . off the steaming , rotting gas mask ... 61 int . war office - war room - later 61 Steve , darnell , Sir Patrick , general douglas haig , and the british war cabinet crowd in a room , wall full of map and photo of ludendorff and dr . maru ( before she metal implant ) and the notebook . a terrain map in the center . diana stand near the door watch , listening . she walk to the wall of photograph . colonel darnell cryptographer have no luck . it seem like a mixture of two language . diana hone in on the photo of ludendorff , even examine the pin hold they to the board , then look at the note . diana ottoman and sumerian . everyone turn to look at she . diana ( sincere ) surely someone else in this room know that . general haig ( incorrectly offended ) who be this woman ? darnell glare at Steve . he would like to know that , too . steve she 's my ... secretary . have learn what a secretary be , diana do not like be call one . ( continued ) 56 . 61 continued : 61 general haig ( skeptical ) and she speak ottoman and sumerian ? steve she 's a very good secretary . general haig see she out . colonel darnell ( reluctant , but practical ) if this woman can read it , sir ... we should hear what she have to say . General haig take a beat , then nod . diana ( nod at darnell ) thank you . ( beat ) it 's a formula ... for a new kind of mustard ... haig scoff : mustard ? diana mustard gas . hydrogen - base , instead of sulfur . they react gravely to this ... darnell Gas mask would be useless against hydrogen . diana the book say they plan to release this gas at ... the front ... ( unsure what it mean ) Front of what ? steve ( alarmed ; to Generals ) General , you have to find out where they be make this gas . burn it to the ground . destroy it . ( continued ) 57 . 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 colonel darnell ludendorff be last see in Belgium -- general haig ( dismissive ) we can not be see send troops into german -occupy Belgium when we be negotiate they surrender . steve Sir , I see this gas with my own eye . all the man on the front line could die on both side unless you -- general haig that 's what soldier do , Captain . diana 's shocked by the callousness . Sir Patrick look at she apologetically . general haig what ? would you have we abandon the front altogether ? steve pull the troops out . send I in . with some strategic support , I could take ludendorff and he operation out myself . general haig be you insane , trevor ? I can not introduce rogue element this late into the game . steve but , General -- before Steve can argue further , Sir Patrick speak up -- sir patrick now more than ever , the armistice be of paramount importance , we must get it negotiate and sign . that be the surest way of stop the war . general haig you will do nothing , Captain trevor . that 's a order . diana expect Steve to defy the General like she defy she mother , but -- ( continued ) 58 . 61 continued : ( 3 ) 61 steve yes , sir . I understand , sir . diana blink , confuse , astonished , disappointed . diana I do not . steve ( warning ) diana . I know it 's confusing -- diana it 's not confusing . it 's unthinkable . general haig I be sorry , who do you say this woman be ? steve she 's with I . with we . diana ( appal ) I be not with you . you would knowingly sacrifice all that life ? do they mean less than yours ? where I come from Generals do not hide in they office like coward . they fight alongside they soldier . they die with they on the battlefield . steve diana . enough . ( to haig ) my apology , sir . diana gape at he , sicken , betrayed . diana you should be ashamed ! ( to the room ) all of you . diana storm out . Steve and Sir Patrick exchange a look -- 62 int . war office - lobby - day 62 diana leave the War Office in a rage . Steve follow . steve diana , wait ! ( continued ) 59 . 62 continued : 62 she wheel on he , furious and confuse . diana that 's you leader ? how could he say that ? believe that ? ( point at Steve ) and you ! be you duty to simply give they a book ? you do not stand you ground ! you do not fight ! steve because there be no chance of change he mind ! listen to I -- diana this be are and he be not go to allow a negotiation or a surrender . the million of people you talk about ? they will die . my people ? they be next ! steve diana if you just listen to I -- how can you call yourselves good man ? steve ( shouting ) we're go anyway ! diana what ? you mean you be lie ? steve diana , I be a spy . that 's what we do . now be you come or not ? diana how do I know you be not lie to I right now ? Steve grab hold of diana 's lasso , wrap it around he wrist and look right into she eye . steve ( speak the truth ) I be take you to the front . ( then ) and we be probably go to die . Steve 's surprised that last part come out . diana 's skeptical . diana you have no faith in yourself . ( continued ) 60 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 steve ( keep speak the truth ) this be a terrible idea ... ( let go of the lasso ; frustrated ) come on . if we be go to get to the front on we own ... we be gonna need reinforcement . 63 ext . pub ( london ) - night 63 Steve and diana move towards a shady pub . diana squint , do not like the look of this place . 64 int . british pub - night 64 diana follow Steve into the seedy , dimly - light pub . she get a look at its rough `n tumble clientele and frown . diana this be the reinforcement ? be this even good man ? steve relatively good . diana relative to what ? Steve and diana move behind a group of officer , out slumming . one of they , sameer ( 30 ) dash , exotic , have be hold court . sameer ... in Africa , gentleman , we have no such luxury ... the officer laugh , agree , as Steve and diana approach . sameer but the luxury we have now . it 's like we can not stop make money . my uncle , the Prince , and I would keep it all , but we want to extend the opportunity to a few good soldier -- steve which Prince be that ? ( grab sameer ) I need to talk to you , Prince madras angora cashmere ... ( continued ) 61 . 64 continued : 64 sameer turn and glare . sameer smile to the man around he -- forgive my rude friend -- and excuse himself . sameer ( to Steve ) you bugger . I be grease that peacock all night ... ( see diana ) my goodness gracious , that 's a work of art . steve sameer . this be diana . diana study the man with suspicion . and rightly so . he , meanwhile , be infatuated with she , all charm and smile . sameer diana , call I ` sammy . ' please . diana sammy . please . yelling o.s. , two men be have a argument that threaten to boil over . they tune it out as : steve sameer 's a top undercover man . can talk the skin off a cat in as many language as you . diana speak Spanish . diana [ he do not look that impressive to I ? ] sameer [ you do to I . you eye , as soft as you smile ...] then in chinese . diana [ and you eye look like they want something . ] sameer [ I know chinese , too , tricky girl . ] then in ancient Greek . ( continued ) 62 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 diana [ but can you recite socrate in ancient Greek ? ] sammy blink . he have no idea what she 's say . diana 's unimpress . steve where 's Charlie ? sameer point at two men fighting : a huge bruiser beat the hell out of a smaller , young man . diana look at the bruiser and nod approvingly . diana at least this Charlie be good with he fist . steve that 's not Charlie . the bruiser land a blow that knock the smaller guy off he foot . Steve wince , nodd at the smaller guy . steve that 's Charlie . the two grunt at one another in Scottish slang , but the bruiser see Charlie 's get friend -- and quickly leave . the surprisingly cheerful charlie ( 30 ) get to he foot . 65 int . british pub - moment later 65 diana , Steve , and sameer sit with bruise Charlie , Scottish and deeply drunk . a whiskey glass in each fist . steve all right , Charlie ? charlie Steven . May God put a flower on you head . Charlie downs the whiskey in a fluid sip . go . diana what be you fight about ? charlie I mistake he drink for mine . diana look at Steve , clearly concerned by he choice of reinforcement . ( continued ) 63. 65 continued : 65 diana this man be no fighter . steve Charlie here 's a expert marksman . ( off she look ) he shoot people . sameer from very far away . Charlie grab a drink from a patron who be not look . charlie ( cheer ) they never know what hit `em . there 's a darkness behind Charlie 's polite smile . diana how do you know who you kill if you can not see they face ? charlie I do not . better that way . diana my aunt warn I about man like you . charlie ai not the first time I hear that , lassie . diana you fight without honor . deep down , Charlie already know that . charlie do not get pay for honor . sameer what 's the job , trevor ? steve two day top . we need supplies and passage to Belgium -- charlie what 's the go rate ? sameer better be good pay . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 sameer ( cont 'd ) ( to diana ; in french ) [ and perhaps a picture of you lovely face . something to keep I alive . ] diana hide she disdain as best she can . diana [ you will not need a picture . I be come with you . ] sammy 's smile fade . sameer what be this ? steve we be drop she off at the front . sameer drop she off ? charlie ( to diana ) no offense , cherie , but I do not wanna get kill help a girl out of a ditch , ya know what I mean ? the bruiser that Charlie be fight return , this time with several rough - looking friend ! bruiser you get you friend . ( lift up a gun ) this be mine . Charlie 's knock to the ground ! he do not see diana move fearlessly , grab the bruiser -- as if he weigh nothing -- and toss he across the room ! the bruiser smashes into the wall , crumpling to the floor . his friend make a quick exit . sameer be smitten , help Charlie up . sameer I be both frighten and arouse . charlie ( to sameer ; unimpress ) when be not you ? ( continued ) 65 . 65 continued : ( 3 ) 65 etta ( o.s. ) there they be . etta arrive , flustered , a force smile on she face . etta hello , all ! sorry , I be late . I get waylaid by -- diana Sir Patrick ! etta that 's what I be go to mention . Steve , sameer , and Charlie stand out of respect . Steve glare at etta . she shrug apologetically , raise a hand : just listen , you will see . sir patrick sit , gentleman . please , sit . Sir Patrick pull up a chair . sir patrick I assume you be here plan something that 's either go to get you court - martial or kill . steve I assume you be here to stop we . sir patrick no . not that I like any of this . ( beat ) as one of you american author , Thomas paine , so eloquently put it , `I prefer peace . but if trouble must come let it come in my time , so that my child can live in peace . ' diana nod , like the sentiment . sir patrick now nothing can jeopardize the armistice talk , but ... I also believe in insurance . I be here to help you . unofficially , of course . what 's you plan ? ( continued ) 66 . 65 continued : ( 4 ) 65 steve if there be another weapon facility , find it and destroy it . along with ludendorff and maru . a dark understanding pass between they . Sir Patrick nod . sir patrick etta will run the mission out of my office , to allay suspicion . etta ( nearly wetting she pants ) run the mission , sir ? he slide a envelope to Steve . sir patrick ( be : Charlie and sameer ) it 's enough for a few day . steve thank you , sir . diana turn to Steve . diana the gas , ludendorff , maru ... you realize they be all symptom . are be the disease . and once I find he , none of this will matter . Steve look at she , no time to argue . steve I will take you to the front , but I can not make any promise about find `your friend ' any more than I can Santa Claus . diana you will not need to . I will know he when I see he . 66 int . paddington station - morning 66 diana take herself into the throng , observing all the different kind of people hustling and bustling in the station . ( continued ) 67 . 66 continued : 66 the atmosphere be weirdly jubilant and gung ho . two sikh ride through the station on bicycle , a willful little girl run away from she mother , nurse and women factory worker board the train , solemnly and purposefully . diana take in a array of human emotion . mother crying , father proud , son committed and brave , go off to war . girlfriend be sweep passionately into boyfriend arm . dog be scoop up and hugge goodbye . diana 's eye well as Steve check he watch . steve train leave in a few minute . but diana be engross with the joy around she . Steve look around at what she 's see , then back at she a beat longer than he would expect . diana watch a man and he daughter walk away from a ice cream vendor , eat a ice cream cone . Steve spot she eyeing the girl eat , curious . steve hungry ? diana nod , smile . Steve busy two ice cream cone . hand she one . she examine it , delighted . diana it 's cold . steve it 's ice cream . diana taste it -- she eye go wide , the best thing she 's ever taste in she life . diana it 's wonderful . ( to the ice cream vendor ) you should be very proud . Steve pull she away , sheepishly smile and nodd at the confuse vendor . steve forget the country or the territory or the Generals . ( look around ) this be what we be really fight for . ( continued ) 68 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 then diana see something odd as they board the train : a punch &amp ; judy puppet show , one puppet hit the other -- people laughing at the violence -- and to she , that 's very strange . almost ominous . 67 ext . dover dock - hour later 67 the train roll into the station at the dover dock . 68 ext . dover dock - hour later 68 the train sit at the top of dover dock . its steam engulf hundred of allied soldier disembark , among they , diana , Steve , sameer , and Charlie . the new recruit be jubilant , sing " it 's a Long Way to tipperary " as they walk toward the wait steamship . Steve check he watch again -- steve we have get to get a move on . Chief will not wait . diana Chief ? steve smuggler . very reputable . diana look at the ragtag team Steve 's assemble , shake she head . diana a liar , a murderer , and now a smuggler ? steve careful , I might get offended . diana I be not refer to you . steve I go undercover and pretend to be something else , I shot people on you beach , and I smuggle a notebook . liar , murderer , smuggler . ( beat ) you still come ? diana 's confusion only grow as Steve lead a reluctant diana and the group away from the soldier , down a different path . ( continued ) 69 . 68 continued : 68 nurse in the same uniform as the clean and pristine one who board the train be now soile , stress , wretch as they transfer the wounded young soldier from a hospital ship to a train back to London . Steve purposely block her view of the wounded man and woman . diana push he aside , take in the horror and despair until she can look no longer . she grab Steve 's arm , firm . Steve look at she , still think she 's a bit crazy -- but right now , she 's absolutely right . he do not know how to stop it , but he nod at she just the same . the team move towards a passenger boat . 69 ext . shoreline ( belgium ) - day 69 diana look around warily as she walk off the boat . she follow the team across the dock where worker load and unload horse , some of the animal wear gas mask . diana register the bizarre sight . diana the gas will kill everyone ... everything . Steve nod . diana what kind of weapon kill innocent ? steve in this war ? every kind . 70 ext . campfire - dusk 70 the sky grow dark as the sun set , diana and the team walk up to a campfire . the chief ( o.s. ) you be late . the chief ( 30 ) , a bright - eye Native - american , step to the fire , drop more wood into it . he smile . steve Chief ! he embrace Steve , then nod and smile to sammy and Charlie . ( continued ) 70 . 70 continued : 70 sameer it 's good to see you . charlie aye . the Chief look at diana and , for the first time in the world of man , a man look she square in the eye . the chief who be this ? Chief extend a hand to shake . diana grab he wrist in a manner not unlike the amazon . Chief respond , grab hers back , seemingly familiar with the gesture . both diana and Steve be surprised . Chief speak he native tongue -- the chief niitangio , napi . and diana understand . diana I be diana . Chief do not let go , still look intensely in diana 's eye . she grip tighter . surprise , he step back with one foot . to stay on balance , she do so with the opposite . suddenly , Chief and diana be arm wrestle , each try to throw the other off balance . then Chief laugh , let go , concede lest he find himself flat on he face . the chief where do you find she ? steve she find I . diana I pluck he from the sea -- steve ( wave diana to stop ) it 's a long story . diana look at a pile of package behind Chief , along with some gun -- steve british tea for the Germans . german beer for the british . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 steve ( cont 'd ) Edgar Rice burrough novel for both side . charlie and gun . Charlie grab a rifle , look through the scope and give it a kiss -- like a father reunite with he long - lose child . the other help themselves to gun . Steve , sameer , and Charlie take bottle of Beer they pay the Chief for . the chief ( whisper to diana ) it 's not even very good beer . Charlie 's the only one that do not seem to mind . Steve look at a map . steve ludendorff be last see at the front -- ( point on the map ) -- near the somme . Front 's about three mile away . Chief will get we there . the chief then it 's another day to safely cross it . steve as soon as we have daylight , we move . I will take first watch . charlie no need . I will take it . I never sleep on the job ! 71 ext . campfire - night 71 Charlie fast asleep -- along with Steve and sameer , around the fire . Chief be heating can of food . diana turn to rumbling in the distance . diana strange thunder . the chief german seventy - seven . ( off she confusion ) gun . Big one . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . 71 continued : 71 the chief ( cont 'd ) ( point out ) that 's the front out there . the evening hate . Chief hand she a can of bean . she try it , frown . not all the food here be good . Chief count he money . diana eye he warily -- diana so ... who do you fight for in this war ? Chief stuff the money in he pocket . the chief I do not fight . diana you be here for profit then ? the chief nowhere better to be . diana nowhere better to be than a war you do not take a side in ? the chief I have nowhere else and no side leave . the last war take everything from my people . we have nothing leave . at least here , I be free . diana who take that from you people ? Chief cock he head to the side . how could she not know ? the chief ( motion to Steve ; almost casually ) his people . before diana can ask more about that , Charlie suddenly start to murmur , suffer through some kind of terrible nightmare . diana watch until -- Charlie cry out , waking himself and Steve and sameer . diana reach out to Charlie , compassionately -- ( continued ) 73. 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 diana you be safe . ( try to help ) what do you see ? gruff , Charlie pull away from diana -- charlie I be fine , `right ? ( mumble ) bloody broad . Charlie get up and grab another Beer . Chief look at diana . the chief he see ghost . Steve take a blanket -- steve you be go to get cold . here . diana no , I be -- she 's not cold , but Steve place the blanket on she shoulder anyway . the gesture be not lose on diana . she nod , appreciative . 72 int . german operation bunker - night 72 sentries patrol a fortify bunker deep in enemy territory . ludendorff enter to find the german war council , chief among they commander von hindenburg . von hindenburg you be absent at the council meeting , General . ludendorff ( frustrated ) you have begin negotiate the term of the armistice . von hindenburg on the kaiser 's behalf . ludendorff ( accusatory ) but on you insistence . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . 72 continued : 72 ludendorff ( cont 'd ) ( to the council ) we can easily win this war still ... ( beat ) if only you have faith in I . the way ludendorff say it , he almost expect everyone to simply agree with he , but von hindenburg get to he foot , angry -- von hindenburg we do not . there be shortage of food , medicine , ammunition . every hour we delay cost thousand of german life . ludendorff one attack and the war be ours . as we speak , my chemist and she team be -- von hindenburg we stand against you and you witch , ludendorff ! enough ! ( calming ) twenty - four hour from now this war will end . it be over . ludendorff look around , nod . ludendorff for all of you . ludendorff turn and exit -- 73 ext . german operation bunker - continuous action 73 ludendorff nod to Dr. maru who throw a canister of gas in . maru watch curiously as ludendorff then toss a gas mask in . von hindenberg and the man look at the mask . ludendorff close the door as the canister erupt . a commotion within the room break out as the gas spread . unable to escape , the man desperately fight over the gas mask . maru the mask will not help . ludendorff yes , but they do not know that . ( continued ) 75 . 73 continued : 73 ludendorff crack open a capsule of gas , inhale it . again , it 's a painful process -- again ludendorff 's vein bulge and pulsate . with heighten strength , ludendorff press against the door -- the scream of the die man in the bunker seep out . it 's music to maru . she can hear a hissing as the gas scar the door inside . ludendorff pull maru away -- ludendorff it 's time to stage we demonstration for the kaiser . 74 omitted 74 74a ext . dirt road ( wood ) - day 74a diana , charlie , sammy , and the chief follow steve down a muddy road in the wood , the sound of bomb in the b.g. diana take in the bleakness of the world . a cluster of villager run past . fleeing from something . a baby cry in its mother 's arm . diana stare -- hear scream ahead . in a ditch on the side of the road , two horse pull a cart of munition ( that have tip ) be stick in the mud . a soldier whip the horse , try to get they out . diana that animal . why be they hurt they ? charlie because they need to move . like we . diana but I can help they ! charlie there 's no time ! c'mon , woman . Steve and the team jog down the road , diana reluctantly follow . a wailing man be hear ahead . on the road . diana look ahead to where a wounded soldier cry out in pain , surround by other soldier try to administer help ( as best they can ) . ( continued ) 76 . 74a continued : 74a wounded soldier oh , god. God , help I ! please . he continue to cry out . diana horrify . diana that man ... he 's injure . sameer there be nothing we can do about it , diana . we must keep move . as they move forward , diana look ahead see beyond the wood -- no man' land ... pre - lap : the sound of rain and thunder , which boom , then fade into the sound of gunfire and explosion . 75 ext . rain - soaked countryside ( belgium ) - day 75 Chief lead the team through the muddy belgian countryside on they hand and knee , bullet fly overhead . they stop at a dugout entryway to -- 76 ext . allied trench ( belgium ) - continuous action 76 -- the allied trench at the belgian front . the team move into the muddy trench , occupy by tommies -- british soldier . diana and the other get to they foot , bullet and shell whistling and exploding overhead . diana where be we ? steve you want I to take you to the war . this be it . the front line . diana but where be are ' man -- the Germans ? Charlie motion past the shelling and fly bullet . charlie couple hundred yard that way . in a trench like this one . ( continued ) 77 . 76 continued : 76 diana 's dismay grow . she look at the face of the frighten , wear -down soldier as they move through a seemingly endless , narrow passage carve deep into the earth , wall on either side by sandbags and dirt , which be quickly pool into mud at they foot . sentry Chief ! ( shouting down the line ) oi ! Chief 's back ! trench officer ( o.s. ) Chief ! / welcome back !/ Nick of time ! the Chief toss out pack of cigarettes , match , and other goods to grateful soldier . diana watch the money exchange hand , then she hear the sound of anguish tear : a young mother , marie ( 25 ) , hold she daughter , nina ( 6 ) , sobbing to the Chief . diana listen , though Steve can not understand : marie [ the Germans take everything -- home , food ... the one who could not escape ... they take as slave . ] diana [ where do this happen ? ] Marie point : beyond the trench . diana ( to Steve ) we need to help this people . Steve look across no man 's land , shake he head . steve we need to stay on mission . the chief ( nod to Steve ) and there 's no safe crossing for at least a day ahead . Charlie take a swig from he well - wear flask . charlie then what be we waitin ' for ? ( continued ) 78 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 diana but this people be die , they have nothing to eat . and in the village ... enslave , she say . woman . Children . steve there 's nothing we can do about that . diana how can you say that ? what be the matter with you ? steve this be no man 's land , diana . it mean no man can cross it . this be the worst point on the entire front . this battalion have be here for nearly a year and they have barely gain a inch because on the other side be Germany 's deadly soldier . point machine gun at every square inch of this place . this be not something you can cross . it 's not possible . diana so we do nothing ? steve we be do something . we can not save every person in this war . besides , it 's not what we come here to do . she step away from the group , turn away from they . Steve think she 's upset . but when diana turn back to Steve , he see she face of determination , wear -- antiope' tiara -- and for the first time -- we really see wonder woman ! diana no , but it 's what I be go to do . diana move past the team , step over the top of the trench -- steve diana , no !!! 79 . 77 ext . western front ( belgium ) - continuous action 77 -- onto the battlefield . diana stand in she wonder woman armor with the godkiller sword in she hand , the shield on she back , and the lasso shining at she side . she survey the battlefield . it 's quiet . empty . she take a step forward ... in the german trench a soldier take AIM at diana -- and fire ! on the battlefield the bullet move towards diana . with she heighten perception , she watch it in slow motion , swatting it aside with she bracelet . she block another -- in the allied trench everyone watch diana with awe . even Charlie have to admit -- charlie how the hell would she do that ? on the battlefield diana continue walk across the battlefield , step - by - step , block bullet . her pace begin to quicken -- and then she start to run . in the allied trench Steve 's heart pound as he watch diana . he motion to the team . he can not believe he 's about to do this , but -- steve she 's draw they fire ! let 's go ! Steve and he team climb over the trench , leave the hesitant british soldier behind ! ( continued ) 80 . 77 continued : 77 through a german scope diana race toward they , knock bullet aside ! in the german trench german soldier react , unsure of who or even what diana be . one of the soldier motion to other -- they lift a mortar , bring it forward as the other continue to FIRE . soldier after soldier join in . on the battlefield diana run , more bullet ricochete off she bracelet . in the german trench they FIRE a mortar into the air ! on the battlefield diana use she shield to bat aside the mortar shell -- they explode around she ! with she shield , diana block the increase barrage of bullet come at she ! one of two machine gun nest fire at diana -- in the allied trench inspire , the british soldier surge over the trench with a cheer ! on the battlefield the second machine gun nest fire at diana -- she do she best to repel the machine gun fire , but together the two be slowing her down , take a toll . diana fall to one knee , then turn , grateful to see behind she -- Steve , the team -- and the ally soldier ! Steve raise he rifle and take out some of the shooter , give diana some relief . Charlie lay down cover fire as the Chief toss sameer a grenade . ( continued ) 81 . 77 continued : ( 2 ) 77 sameer lob it at the nest on diana' right . the explosion knock the machine gun off its base . the second nest continue to fire on diana ! diana leap up into the air , jump down into the second nest ! she land inside behind the soldier , spin around -- slamm into they . she raise she shield and smashes it onto the machine gun , break it apart ! Steve , the team , and the ally pour into the german trench , battle the soldier within ! diana look at the village of veld ahead of they . grit she tooth . diana we be not finish yet . while the ally clear the trench , diana take off through the rain and the mud toward the village ! the team head after she ! 78 ext . veld - second later 78 diana and the team reach the village , take cover as they be fire upon . diana look to Steve -- diana stay here . I will go ahead . before anyone can argue , she race towards the gunfire . diana , sword at she side , shield on she back -- run , avoid gunfire and grenade ! Steve lead the team , cover for they as they follow diana . Steve fire -- steve go ! diana jump onto the wall of a building , spring off it , smashing through a window of another building -- the source of more gunfire ! int . build ( veld ) - continuous action diana land in the middle of a group of armed german soldier . she go into action , kick a table -- smash it into two soldier ! ( continued ) 82. 78 continued : 78 she deflect bullet with she bracelet , turn to the other soldier -- send they fly with she fist , she shield . she hit a soldier , he fly through a window -- ext . town square ( veld ) - continuous action -- the soldier fall onto the street -- where we find Steve , sameer , Charlie , and the Chief follow diana 's trail . they watch as another soldier be throw out of a window , then they round a corner -- and find themselves pin down by gunfire . the Chief hand Steve a grenade -- he toss it , blow up the nearby shooter . as they continue to fight they way into veld -- int . build ( veld ) - continuous action diana continue to fight she way through the building , break through a door -- take on more german soldier inside ! diana rush one , collide into he -- use he as a shield as she crash out of a large glass window -- ext . town square ( veld ) - continuous action -- diana land on a nearby rooftop . Steve watch she run across it as he and the team head deeper into veld , all in the same direction . suddenly , Steve and the boy be pin down from gunfire by a tank . Charlie motion to a walkway between two building in front of the tank . the Chief throw a grenade -- Charlie shoot it , cause it to explode ! the walkway fall , block the tank . Steve and the team make it to the center of the village to find a tank surround by dozen of soldier . sammy throw more grenade , but it 's not enough . the tank have they pin down -- until -- diana rush the tank , barreling into its side like a bull -- the tank be throw end - over - end across the town square ! the soldier react in shock . ( continued ) 83. 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 Steve and the team use the opportunity to push forward . as the team flank up against a building , they see local locked inside , cry out for help from behind chained door . in the town square : diana block bullet with she bracelet , soldier surround and fire on she from all side . Steve throw two conventional grenade -- blow german soldier by diana sky high . diana turn to see Steve join she . as more soldier pour in , one start climb the ladder up the bell tower . back to the villager trap in the building -- the team break open the door , let they out . another angle diana toss the german soldier around like rag doll . a german have Steve in he sight until -- diana race in , break the german 's gun and send he to the ground . she take out several soldier around Steve . diana continue to block bullet while Steve fire -- they work side - by-side , until -- bang ! the german in the bell tower start fire down at they . the team scatter , try to help the villager . Steve motion up -- steve Bell tower . diana see the sniper at the top of the bell tower . Steve motion to Charlie -- steve Charlie ! Charlie pull out he rifle , aim up -- peer through the site . but he 's shaking . sweat . sameer watch as Charlie fire ! ( continued ) 84 . 78 continued : ( 3 ) 78 the bullet ricochet off the bell and give away they position . the sniper turn against Charlie , Chief , and sameer . the three flank against the wall , sameer look at Charlie , who be devastate . sameer you do not miss . charlie ( stammer ; lie ) bloody scope ... lens be crack . but the lens look fine . Steve try to take a shot at the bell tower , but he can not do so without expose himself to the shooter . diana be there a way inside ?! Steve look at diana , a idea form . steve there be if you jump ! diana it 's too high . he tap she shield . diana look at he , remember antiope 's jump . Steve hold the shield parallel to the ground . diana run toward Steve , jump up onto the shield -- and she launch herself high into the air ! the sniper look through he scope -- he Pov diana leaping up at he , gritting she tooth , angry -- back to scene diana smashes into the sniper -- break apart part of the tower -- send he fly to the neighbor rooftop below ! up on the tower : diana stand , strong and powerful -- the definition of heroic . then -- ( continued ) 85 . 78 continued : ( 4 ) 78 cheer ! the townspeople gather , emerge from hide , celebrate this heroic victory ! diana look down at they -- Steve among the villager , in absolute awe of diana . 79 ext . town square ( veld ) - dawn 79 a photographer take a daguerrotype of diana , Steve , Charlie , sameer , and the Chief stand in the village . flash . the photograph see we team imbue a sense of pride and accomplishment . Steve 's face be turn towards diana 's , with a look of something more than admiration . moment later , diana walk with sameer . they look back at Charlie , head hang low , shake . Charlie fumble with he flask , drop it . diana for all he talk of murdering people from afar , you shooter can not shoot . sameer not everyone get to be who they want to be all the time . I , I want to be a actor , not a soldier . but I be the wrong color . diana consider this , then she turn , see the Chief with a small group of belgian from the trench , include Marie and she family . all of they rag , sleep - deprive , and starve , but hopeful . the Chief dispense bread and cheese . diana notice that no money change hand . Steve walk to she . diana ( to Steve ) he do not charge they ? sameer money be not the only profit . ( beat ) everyone 's fight they own battle , diana . just as you be fight yours . diana study Chief with new eye , touch by the man' generosity . her previous opinion of this man continue to come into question . ( continued ) 86 . 79 continued : 79 a cheer go up from the liberated townspeople who be busy themselves in preparation for a party to celebrate they heroes . 80 int . inn ( veld ) - front desk - day 80 diana come in to find Steve behind the front desk of the inn , on the telephone . steve ( into telephone ) veld . tiny village . it 's probably not even on the -- intercut with : 81 int . war office - sir patrick outer office - day 81 etta be on the other end of the call . etta found it . Steve see diana stand on the stair . he pick up a extension and offer it . diana listen in ( it 's she first time use a phone ) : steve have you find ludendorff 's operation ? etta not yet , but we have locate he . and lucky you , he 's only a few mile away -- at german High Command . at first think , Steve think : that do not sound lucky . steve german High Command ? sir patrick enter the room , overhear ... etta Intel report ludendorff be host a gala -- a last hurrah before the Germans sign the armistice . the kaiser himself will be there . as will Dr. maru . ( continued ) 87 . 81 continued : 81 steve actually , that gala 's perfect cover -- sir patrick ( not like the sound of that ) Captain trevor , you be under no circumstance to attend that gala tomorrow night . we can not risk jeopardize the armistice . diana ( to Steve ) you should not be worried about upsetting the peace accord . are would never let that happen ... Steve motion she to please stop talk about " are . " then diana , a terrible realization . steve what be it ? diana of course ... it make complete sense . are develop a weapon , the worst ever devise . steve are ? you mean ludendorff . she turn and look at trevor . diana no . I mean are . ludendorff be are . Steve 's not sure what to believe at this point . sir patrick Steve ? steve Sir , this be we chance to find the gas and learn how ludendorff plan on deliver it . maybe we only chance . we last chance -- sir patrick I forbid it . do you hear I ? Steve ? a beat of silence as Steve make a decision ... ( continued ) 88. 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 steve I be sorry , sir , you be break up . sir patrick Steve ? be you there -- ? but Steve have click off . 82 ext . pub - courtyard ( veld ) - night 82 the table be crowded with villager and all the food the Germans leave behind . beer flow . tea light twinkle . a female pianist play , sing as couple dance . the atmosphere be warm and jovial . diana and Steve stand at the edge of the crowd , unable to put the urgency of they mission aside and join in . sameer approach they with two tankard of ale . Steve wave they off . steve drink later , sameer . I need you to rustle up I a german uniform . sameer put the ale in front of Steve and diana despite he protest . sameer already do . now you two need to relax . there 's nothing we can do until tomorrow . you say it yourself , Steve . sameer stroll off . Steve drink . diana do , too , surprised by the flavor . diana it 's bitter . steve ( agree ) it 's a acquire taste . diana smile and nod , the world of man be a acquire taste . steve it have hint of different flavor , if you look for they . Steve and diana drink in unison . she nod , seem to like it better . ( continued ) 89 . 82 continued : 82 a young girl hand diana a flower . she 's move . so 's Steve . steve you do this . diana we do . steve you have dance on ` paradise ' Island ? diana dance on themyscira be more -- steve interpretive ? diana precisely . ( then ) perhaps you would better show I . diana put the flower behind she ear then move out on to the dance floor . steve Excuse I ? diana if I be go to a gala , I will need to know how to -- steve you be not go to the gala . diana of course , I be . why would not I ? steve because you do not know how to dance , for one thing . diana ( be : the other dancer ) I would argue that they do not know how to dance . Steve finally smile and move out onto the floor to join she . he take she leave hand and move he arm around she waist . it 's the first time they have touch . which they be both keenly aware of . ( continued ) 90 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 diana you be awfully close . they face be very near to one another 's , neither make a move to pull away . steve that 's kinda the point . diana ah. I see . diana move a bit closer to Steve , smile . the music change as a new pianist begin a beautiful melody , break into song with a incredible tenor voice . diana and Steve look towards the piano and see that it be charlie who be playing and singing . diana can not help but be surprised once again by this man . sameer and the Chief join the people crowd around Charlie , smile , laugh , grateful . as the emotional song continue , they sway for a beat , hold each other and then a single snowflake fall . diana look up as more and more white ice fall from the sky , sprinkle she hair . she hold out a palm , catch a flake and sniff it . steve it 's a snowfall . diana it 's magical . Steve take it in , see beauty where she do . steve you be right . diana rest she head on Steve 's shoulder . Steve can not remember loving anything as much as this feel . diana be this what people do when there be no war to fight ? steve this and other thing . diana what thing ? ( continued ) 91 . 82 continued : ( 3 ) 82 steve I do not know . they ... make breakfast . diana what else ? steve read the newspaper . go to work -- ( carefully ) they ... get marry . maybe have baby , grow old together . diana what be it like ? steve no idea . but something in he eye tell diana he would like to find out . diana think she might , too . Steve pull she in closer . she look deep in he eye . diana maybe ... once I defeat are and war end forever ... there will be time to learn about ... all kind of thing . the way diana say it -- that look in she eye -- for the very first time in the film Steve find himself believe she story -- desperately want to believe it . steve ( wistful ) God , I hope you be right . 83 int . inn ( veld ) - bedroom - night 83 Steve lay diana gently down on the bed , brush she hair from she neck and kissing it . diana 's eye be wide and shocked by the electricity of that lip on her skin . she look up at he , run she hand through he hair and pull he to she , mouth - to - mouth , the most perfect , passionate first kiss ever . ... Steve 's ticking watch on the nearby nightstand . 84 ext . town square ( veld ) - dawn 84 the morning sun look brighter to diana than normal . she smile , turn to see the team , Steve dress in a german uniform . they be round up with horse . ( continued ) 92 . 84 continued : 84 sameer the villager give they to we . the chief a gracious gift . sameer they call we heroes . diana you be . everyone look at diana . the way she say it , sameer and Chief believe it -- and it feel good . sameer smile at Charlie -- who force a smile back , struggle to agree . steve ( to team ) guy , I be fully aware that I say this job be two day -- the chief you would get lose without we . sameer yeah , we know diana 's capable of look after herself , but I be worried you would not make it . steve there 's no more money , boy . sameer pet he horse with a smile . sameer we have be pay enough . the Chief nod , but diana spot Charlie 's hesitation . diana if you be come , Charlie , perhaps you will sing more for we . ( then ; the truth ) I enjoy it very much . Charlie brighten at a rare compliment from diana . sameer ah ! do not encourage he ! despite sameer 's protest , Charlie start to sing loudly -- but joyfully -- as the team move on . off diana , move by the continue goodness she 's discover within this unlikely man . ( continued ) 93. 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 charlie ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) she 's a real life amazon ? 85 ext . forest ( belgium ) - day 85 diana lead the man on horseback . they trail behind . diana turn , smile , unaware Steve 's just tell they all about she . charlie ( to the boy ) that 's the craziest story I ever hear ! sameer wait . there 's a whole island of woman like she ? and not a single man among they ? ( beat ) how do we get there ? steve you be not they type . charlie you be all go daft . steve it 's true ... every word . sameer and she think ludendorff be are ? the God of War ? charlie and only by kill he will the war end ? sameer you see what she do out there . the way she charge that machine gun nest . the way she take out that tower . maybe it 's true ! Chief nod in agreement . charlie ( to Steve ) you do not really believe all this rubbish , do ye ? Steve wish he do , but deep down he do not ... 94 . 86 ext . forest / chteau ( belgium ) - day 86 through the tree , still on horseback , diana and the team see the well-guarded fortress that be german High Command . Steve use field glass to survey the scene . chauffeur limousine go through a heavily - guard checkpoint at the gate , behind it , a long line of car deliver well - dress guest to the entrance of the chteau , a single sentry station there . steve how the hell be we gonna get in ? the chief the way in be through the gate . charlie ( sarcastic ) thank you , Chief , for that ancient tribal wisdom , that 's very helpful . the Chief get off he horse , hand the rein to sameer , then wander off into the forest . Charlie look through he scope : several guard at the gate , but only one at the door . charlie if you could get through the gate I only see one guard at the door to distract . steve it will not look at all suspicious when I come saunter out of the wood on foot -- diana I could get in . steve you be not go in . it 's too -- diana dangerous ? steve I know how to do stealth -- be do it my whole life . I will follow they to wherever they be work on the gas or better yet find out where it be . ( more ) ( continued ) 95 . 86 continued : 86 steve ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) plus , we can not make a scene . diana I can be stealthy . steve diana , what you be wear do not exactly qualify as `undercover . ' sameer ( attempt humor ) I do not know , I would say she be pretty under cover . only Charlie laugh . steve ( to diana ) there 's no way to get you in . let I scout it and report back . worse case , we follow ludendorff when he leave and you can use that magic lasso of yours to get he to tell we where it be . diana but as long as he 's still alive -- steve you can not go into german High Command and kill anyone ! you have to trust I , diana . suddenly , a gleam , roll -royce limousine pull into the forest , the Chief in the driver 's seat . steve ( to the Chief ) where do that come from ? the chief field over there be full of they . sameer can I drive it ? lemme drive it . I will be you chauffeur ! Steve look at diana . steve ( pointedly ) diana . please , stay put . ( continued ) 96 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 Steve climb into the back seat and sameer drive the limo off . charlie we should scout the area . in case we need to beat a hasty retreat . what do you think , diana ? but when they look for she , diana be not there . charlie uh-oh . 87 ext . chteau - german high command - moment later 87 a car roll past the checkpoint gate , another stop . guard take a invitation from the driver , then wave the car on . in the next car sameer , wear a tea towel as a turban on he head , watch the exchange , alarmed . sameer ( talk through he tooth to Steve ) Steve ... Steve in the back , deck out in he german uniform . sameer ... they have invitation . sameer have no choice but to pull up to the guard . one of they hold out he hand , wait for a invitation -- but sameer take the surprised guard 's hand with both of he ! sameer dhanyavaad , sahib . the Colonel and I wish many blessing and all manner of other thing to fall upon you head -- think fast , Steve belligerently yell at sameer , startling the guard . steve and you head 's empty ! he want my invitation , you idiot ! ( continued ) 97 . 87 continued : 87 sammy grovel to the guard , kissing he hand . the guard try to pull it away ! sameer I must apologize a thousand thousand time , my master , for my most horrid , wretch , and unworthy soul have lose the Colonel 's invitation ! Steve check he watch . steve sameer we drive hour through this I be a snail ! no , a bug ! mud and filth ! you be a no , the dung of a bug -- disgrace ! the bewilder and uncomfortable guard shoo they on . as they drive , sameer grin , glance back at Steve . sameer blessing be upon we . Steve 's smile fade when he see soldier set up a viewing platform with rows of seat . Steve do not know why . at the front of the chteau sameer open the limo door for Steve . steve keep the car run , sahib . and no joy riding . sameer smirk , bow . Steve head to the chteau , watch he bow and bless to Germans . Steve shake he head as he enter ... 88 ext . chteau - german high command - continuous action 88 diana , she cloak conceal she armor , watch from the shadow as Steve disappear inside . frustrate , she search the exterior of the chteau for another way in , but she 's distract by the insistent honking of a car horn behind she . diana turn to find a stun , exquisitely dress woman , fausta grable ( 30 ) in a extraordinary gown , lean over she driver and honk the car 's horn in a futile attempt to get the traffic move again . ( continued ) 98 . 88 continued : 88 fausta I be not spend the entire evening out here , you idiot . move you car ! I say , move ! infuriate , she march up the long driveway toward the door . diana step out of the shadow and into fausta 's path . fausta ( snort at diana 's outfit ) what be you suppose to be ?! ha ! out of my way . but when diana do not get out of she way -- and instead sidle up to fausta to see if they be the same height ... fausta what be you do ? ( then ; call out ) Guards -- ?! which be when diana deliver a quick , judo - like chop to fausta 's neck -- where it meet she lovely shoulder -- cause fausta to collapse and lose consciousness . off diana , catch fausta as she fall ... for the first time in she life , diana enjoy she own roguishness . like one of the boy . diana ( realize ) that be ... fun . 89 int . chteau - foyer - continuous action 89 Steve walk up the stair , spot the kaiser at the head of the receiving line atop they . ludendorff be next to he , talk intensely to Dr. maru . as much as they try not to , people can not help but stare at maru . maru they be start to ask where von hindenburg and the other be . ludendorff soon it will not matter . maru but , General -- ( continued ) 99 . 89 continued : 89 ludendorff we continue as plan . now go . I have people to tend to beyond you . maru be take aback by he firmness . feel eye stare at she . she 's use to rejection , but not from he . she nod and break off , move into the grand ballroom . a orchestra play , couple waltz , chandelier blaze . the room be full of officer , they wive and prominent civilian in formal wear . maru move to a fireplace , stare at the fire . steve ( to maru ) Excuse I . maru turn to face Steve , hold two glass of champagne -- he offer she one . maru I do not drink . ( faintly recognize he ) have we meet ? steve no , but I have be watch you . follow you career , I mean . you be Dr. isabel maru . the most talented chemist in the german Army . I be a fan . Steve keep one eye on ludendorff . maru notice . he cover -- steve I hope I be not crossing a line . I hear you and General ludendorff be very close . maru we work well together , yes . steve ( flirt ) I be sure he provide a great deal of support for you and you work , but have someone like I behind you -- I could provide a lot more . she 's not fall for the man , but there 's something about he ... a faint recognition -- ( continued ) 100 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 maru and who be you ? steve a man who would show you the appreciation a genius like yourself deserve . maru stare into the fire , captivate . steve I love fire , do not you ? it 's like a live act of entropy . the ultimate weapon of destruction , remind we that , in the end , everything return to the ash it once come from . there 's something reassure about it . ( stare into maru 's eye ) I see all of that in you eye . maru can not help but stare back deeply into Steve 's eye , surprised to find she heart racing . for a brief moment , she 's unsure of what she 's feel . steve perhaps you could show I what you be work on . I hear it 's extraordinary . Steve 's about to get the answer he need when -- diana , in fausta 's gown , make her entrance , at the top of the stair -- she uniform underneath , the godkiller peek out from the back of she dress , the hilt look like a piece of jewelry . head turn at the stun amazon . Steve 's completely tear , do he stay and get he answer from maru -- or stop diana from get to ludendorff ? maru make the decision for he -- maru I appreciate you interest in my work , but I be loyal to General ludendorff . besides , I see now you attention be elsewhere . diana and ludendorff's eye meet . it be a intense moment . she examine he , try to confirm with she own eye that he be are . Steve desperately want to get to diana , the tension thick : what be she go to do ? ( continued ) 101 . 89 continued : ( 3 ) 89 see the most beautiful woman in the room , ludendorff can not help but give diana a courtly bow , kiss she hand . ludendorff enjoy the party ? diana ( eye narrow ) I confess , I be not sure what we be celebrate . ludendorff a german victory , of course . he offer she hand to dance . she take it , size he up . diana Victory ? when I hear peace be so close ? ludendorff ` peace be only a armistice in a endless war . ' diana understand , tense . diana thucydide . ludendorff ( happily surprised ) you know you ancient Greeks . they understand that war be a god . one that require human sacrifice . her heart pound . ludendorff and in exchange , war give man purpose . a chance to rise above he petty , mortal little life and be better than he be . on diana there 's no question now : this be are . diana only one of the many god believe in that ... and he be wrong . she desperately want to reach for she sword , but he 's still hold she . ( continued ) 102 . 89 continued : ( 4 ) 89 ludendorff you know nothing about the god -- soldier # 1 ( o.s. ) General ? ludendorff look over at a soldier . he check he watch , relax he hold on she . ludendorff my apology . you will excuse I . ( beat ) enjoy the firework . just as he turn he back on diana , she reach for she sword . she 's about to draw it when -- Steve get between they , face she ! he pull diana away from ludendorff , take she hand -- dance with she as cover . diana what be you do ? the dance be anything but what it be in last time . steve you agree to wait . diana you agree to do thing all the time then do not do they . let I go -- steve you can not kill ludendorff inside german High Command . the armistice will not be sign . diana it will not matter -- steve what if you be wrong , diana ? what if there be no are ? diana ( realize ) you do not believe I . steve I can not let you do this . diana what I do be not up to you . ( continued ) 103 . 89 continued : ( 5 ) 89 reminding Steve of she strength , diana use only she finger to push Steve away -- as if he be nothing -- and he almost lose he foot . diana look for ludendorff -- he 's leave ! she run out . Steve follow . 90 ext . chteau - moment later 90 diana exit , look around , spot ludendorff , maru , and the soldier enter one of the chteau 's tower house , which be quickly secure behind he . steve diana ! diana start run towards it when -- the sound of a missile launching from the guardhouse . then another . and another . steve the gas . they eye follow the path of the missile -- she understand , horrify , see the target be -- diana the village . diana run off towards the village while the audience at the chteau behind she burst into applause and cheer . 90a ext . forest - continuous action 90 a sameer have regroupe with Chief and Charlie . Chief and sameer look up at smoking trail in the sky , leave by the missile , while Charlie peer through he scope at the chteau . sameer they be cheer . suddenly , they spot diana racing through the forest on she horse . sameer diana ! Steve ride up to the team , out of breath . the chief what do they fire ? ( continued ) 104 . 90a continued : 90 a steve it be ludendorff . charlie ( through scope ) I see he . steve wherever he go you follow he . Steve chase after diana ! sameer ( call after to Steve ) how will you find we ?! the chief I know how . 91 ext . outskirt of veld - minute later 91 Racing through the wood in the distance , diana now in she armor on horseback -- she tear off dress discard , float behind she . she arrive at the outskirt of the village , which be now entirely engulf in a thick , colored cloud of gas . she dismount , envelop by the gas . she can not see anything in front of she , but know immediately that all the villager have perish . she have trouble breathe , she eye red and stinging . blister on she skin . diana no . oh , no , no , no . tear fill she eye . steve ( o.s. ) diana . diana walk out to see -- Steve arrive , dismount . diana point at Steve , she blister healing before he eye . diana they be dead . they be all dead . ( a horrific betrayal ) you did this ! steve diana , I be sorry -- ( continued ) 105 . 91 continued : 91 diana you stop I from kill are when I have the chance . you murderer ! you kill this people ! steve ( reach out for she ) no , I -- diana stay away from I ! Steve freeze in he track . diana everything you have say to I be a lie . ( fury grow ) but I see the truth now . it be not just the Germans that are have corrupt . it 's you , too . it 's all of you . Steve be rattle -- diana ( determine ; dark ) I will find are and I will kill he . Steve see a trail of smoke in the sky in the distance . steve it 's a signal from the Chief . they follow ludendorff -- diana ride off in a fury . steve diana ?! Steve start to get he horse , then see a abandon motorcycle on the road into town and change he mind . 92 ext . security post ( belgium ) - moment later 92 along the road , diana come upon a german security post : three german sentries but she refuse to stop . she knock the Germans aside like bowl pin . 106 . 93 ext . forest ( belgium ) - continuous action 93 Steve avoid the security post , tear through the wood . 94 ext . countryside ( belgium ) - moment later 94 the last wash of sunlight fade as night take over . diana ride on horseback through the countryside at amazing speed -- drive , possess by rage . she head towards Charlie , sameer , and the Chief -- who be all at a FIRE Chief have set , use to create the smoke signal . he point to the top of a hill . she rush past they and up the hill ! cresting the hill , we see a airfield -- she head down towards it . Steve be not far behind she , racing past the team ! 95 ext . outside the airfield ( belgium ) - continuous action 95 as diana storm towards the airfield , she eye land on the control tower , where she see -- ludendorff on the balcony , look out over the airfield , a hive of activity . she charge the tower , flipping off she horse and over a barbed wire fence -- she take out more Germans -- slashes through a second barbed wire fence -- fight to the tower and -- diana lassos a soldier on the balcony , yanking he down then leaping up to the tower herself ! 96,97 omitted 96,97 98 int . control tower - continuous action 98 ludendorff turn as diana arrive , wield the godkiller . he smirk , scoffing -- ludendorff Nice to see you again . this be a surprise . he aim he gun at she -- ( continued ) 107 . 98 continued : 98 ludendorff but I have thing to do . -- ludendorff fire at diana ! she block the bullet with she bracelet , ricochete it back at ludendorff 's gun ! it explode in he hand ! he cry out in pain , shocked ! diana lower she smoking bracelet , look he in the eye -- assume he know who she be now after that display of power . diana you know why I be here . I be diana of themyscira , daughter of hippolyta . ludendorff turn away from diana , crack open a blue capsule . he inhale -- it 's painful but powerful , vein bulg . 99 omitted 99 100 ext . control tower - walkway - continuous action 100 diana see ludendorff 's vein bulg , almost supernatural -- she eye widen with confirmation . diana move quickly , thrust the godkiller at he . he dodge it . she strike he in the face with she fist . they trade blow . he grab a bayonetted rifle mount on the wall . ludendorff use the rifle as a gun , a spear , and a sword . he hit diana again and again -- but diana strike back with such force that he fly backwards through the window and onto the narrow walkway outside . ludendorff struggle to he foot -- 101 ext . control tower - continuous action 101 diana charge again . ludendorff manage to escape be gore by climbing up to the tower roof . ludendorff stand , hold he bayonet , as diana leap up on the roof to join he -- and the battle rage on , sword against bayonet , both so close to plummete to the ground with every volley . but then ludendorff land a blow that send diana and he bayonet slide over the roof 's edge . she manage to grip the ledge but lose the godkiller . ( continued ) 108 . 101 continued : 101 pull herself back up with incredible effort she see that ludendorff have the godkiller . ludendorff as magnificent a creature as you be , you be no match for I . with vein pulsating blue , ludendorff swing the sword down to deliver the killing blow -- but diana block it with she bracelet ! diana we will see about that . ludendorff strike again and again until diana grab the blade with she bare hand . it cut deep , draw blood , she cry out in pain . summon impossible strength , she grip the blade and shove it back with such force that ludendorff loosen he grip . for the first time we see that he be afraid . diana stand over ludendorff , raise the godkiller . diana I , daughter of hippolyta , come here to complete the mission of the amazon by take you life , and ridding mankind and my people of you -- forever ! diana plunge the godkiller into ludendorff's body . his body crumble to the ground , the blue in he vein fade away like a light go out ! are be dead ! she breathes heavy , take in the victory , reveling in it . her mission accomplish . her mother would be proud . antiope . all of the amazon . the battlefield be quiet . a storm begin to simmer in the sky . then she hear a german commander scream at he troops . her brow knit with confusion . diana look out over the airfield -- she face fall . hundred of " hellmen " soldier wear strange customize gas mask emanate from Dr. maru 's lab , work with hundred of gas bomb . ( continued ) 109 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 to diana 's horror , nothing have change . are may be dead but -- war carry on . steve ( o.s. ) diana ! Steve be on the balcony below . steve diana ? relieved she 's okay , Steve see ludendorff 's body on the edge . diana turn to he , lose ... diana I kill he . I kill are but nothing stop . you kill the God of War , you stop the war . Steve register she confusion , but follow she gaze to the grow threat below . no time to explain -- steve right ... then we have get to do something about it . she leap down to Steve , eye wide with shock . diana no ! Steve . all of this should have stop . the fight . it should have stop . so why be they do this ?! Steve see the crisis on she face , force himself to slow down and tune into it -- sad know the reality diana 's about to face . his heart break for she . steve diana , I be sorry ... I know you think -- I hope it , too -- but I know -- diana you know what ?! steve that it might not be that simple . diana but are be dead . they do not have to do this anymore . so why would they ?! ( continued ) 110 . 101 continued : ( 3 ) 101 Steve finally say what he have not have the heart to say all along . steve because maybe people be not ... just good , diana . are or no are . maybe it 's ... just they . she look out at they . the truth slowly sink in as she try to understand - diana no ... it can not be ... everything I see ? they be kill each other . killing people they can not even see ... killing child . like it be nothing ... it have to be he !! it can not be they ! steve diana , sometimes people be complicated -- diana 's disbelief begin to turn to anger . diana my mother be right . she say ` the world of man do not deserve you . ' ( beat ) that 's why she leave . they do not deserve we help . Steve know they be out of time . steve it 's not about whether they deserve it or not . it 's about what you believe . you think I do not get it ? all I have see out there ? I wish I could tell you that there be one `bad guy ' to blame . maybe we be all to blame . but that do not mean we should not try to do better . ( beat ) and if you believe this war should stop , diana , if you want to stop it , then help I stop it . now . diana still be not there . steve if we do not , they be go to kill thousand more . ( more ) ( continued ) 111 . 101 continued : ( 4 ) 101 steve ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) do not give up on they . do not give up on I . diana do not respond . she be not there yet . steve please . we gotta go ... ( beat ) I have to . it kill Steve to release she hand , but he have no choice . he have to . he do and can only look back , hope she will follow . diana 's leave alone , everything she ever believe in destroy . she watch as Steve run off -- 102 ext . airfield - control tower - continuous action 102 Steve join the team as they arrive and regroup -- sameer ( to Steve ) where 's diana ? steve we be on we own . despite they hesitation and confusion about that , the team follow Steve towards the hangar -- 103 ext . control tower - continuous action 103 diana take in a breath , smell the chemicals in the air , hear the sound across the airfield -- she have become hyper aware of the harshness of the world around she . diana turn , see a figure through the window look at ludendorff 's plan . for a brief moment , she think it 's Steve . diana Steve ? the figure pause , then look over at diana . diana wonder : who be it ? ( continued ) 112 . 103 continued : 103 diana who 's there ? ( beat ) what be you do ? the figure finally speak -- voice ( o.s. ) I have be wait for you to see the truth . she look closer , a shiver up she spine -- confusion overwhelm diana as she see it 's -- diana Sir Patrick ? Sir Patrick be there , like a dream -- or a nightmare -- calmly gaze over at diana through the glass . sir patrick you be right , diana . they do not deserve we help . ( beat ) they only deserve destruction . diana freeze . diana you be he . you . sir patrick I be . but I be not what you think I be . you blame I , but the truth be ... ( motion to the airfield ) ... all of this -- I do none of it . alarm , diana reach for she sword -- but she hand grasp at nothing -- she quickly realize it 's still in ludendorff ! diana leap out of frame to retrieve it ! 104 ext . airfield - hangar - continuous action 104 Steve and the team regroup , take cover behind a hangar , Charlie scan the area with he scope . charlie I can not see where they be take the gas . ( continued ) 113. 104 continued : 104 they duck behind crate as gas-mask soldier march by . sammy point out over the airfield at -- -- the enormous , modern prototype bomber on the runway , be load up with bomb . the worker hurry as the storm continue to build around they . sameer wherever diana be , I think we be gonna need she . Steve watch as a soldier motion to the crew to pick up the pace . Steve and the team see soldier load bomb in the back of the plane . Steve motion to the team and they head around the back of the hangar . 105 int . / ext . airfield - continuous action 105 diana leap down from above , the godkiller back in she hand -- she circle the tower like a tiger , look through the glass -- but Sir Patrick remain very calm . sir patrick / are I be not you enemy , diana . I be the only one who truly know you . and who truly know they as you now do . they have always be , and always will be weak , cruel , selfish , and capable of the great horror ... as he speak , diana hold the sword with two hand , try to regain she confidence but struggle . stepping in the doorway , he vanish . she look around . find he 's suddenly outside . diana ( to herself ) I be diana of themyscira , daughter of hippolyta ... and I be here to complete she mission -- diana cock back she sword for battle when Sir Patrick disappear again -- reappearing behind she . she spin and plunge the godkiller into he -- Sir Patrick simply hold up he hand and the sword disintegrate into a cloud of dust , right down to the hilt ! diana can not believe it -- ( continued ) 114 . 105 continued : 105 diana the godkiller ... sir patrick / are the godkiller ? oh , child . that be not the godkiller . ( truly feel she shock ) you be . only a god can kill another god . diana I -- sir patrick / are Zeus leave the daughter he have with the Queen of the amazon as a weapon to use against I . diana 's mind reeling -- diana you lie ! diana throw she lasso around Sir Patrick , who do not try and avoid it . on contact with Sir Patrick , the lasso glow brighter than previously see -- diana I compel you to tell I the truth ! Sir Patrick calmly look into she eye , the lasso 's golden ENERGY course between they . are I be . 107 omitted 107 107a ext . airfield - hangar - continuous action 107a Steve and the team put on gas mask and jacket pull from a handful of unconscious soldier they leave behind as they creep around the hangar to the plane . Steve and the team blend in with the crew work on the plane . 115 . 107aa ext . airfield - continuous action 107aa sameer board the plane while Steve move to the front wheel , try to get a better look at the plane 's position . the Chief spot soldier examine a map just inside the hangar . as they walk away , the Chief sneak in -- 107e int . control tower - continuous action 107e the lasso be still tight around Sir Patrick , crackle . diana hold it , still unsure what to think -- sir patrick / are I be not the God of War , diana . I be the god of truth ... all I ever want be to show my father how evil he creation be . but he refuse . as Sir Patrick run he finger along the lasso , a surge of energy run from he hand and down towards diana -- into she , cause she to see flash of the past . each be like a pulse that fade and return we to the scene at hand . 107ea flashbacks - ext . no man' land - day 107ea we push through the bleakness of the world . sir patrick / are ( v.o . ) mankind steal the world from we . they ruin it , day - by-day . 107eb ext . mount OLYMPUS - night 107eb are fall to the Earth ... his armor fall off ... sir patrick / are ( v.o . ) and I , the only one wise enough to see it , be leave too weak to destroy they myself ... 107ec ext ./ int . tbd - night 107ec somewhere dark , are shiver , powerless ... the remnant of he armor cracking and breaking apart around he . ( continued ) 116 . 107ec continued : 107ec sir patrick / are ( v.o . ) all this year , I have struggle . whisper into they ear ... 107e int . hangar - dr . marus lab - day 107e maru at she workbench . the spectral form of sir patrick whisper silently to she , unseen by anyone . a strange wind pass as he do . her eye light up . she start mixing chemical frantically . sir patrick ( v.o. ) idea . inspiration . for weapon . formulas . but I do not make they use they ... they start this war on they own . end flashbacks . 107ef int . control tower - night 107ef the flashbacks fade and we return to diana 's stunne face . sir patrick / are ( enjoy the revelation ) all I do be orchestrate a armistice I know they will break , in the hope they will destroy themselves . but it 's never be enough ... ( beat ) when you first arrive I be go to end you , diana . then I feel something I have not for thousand of year . stronger . Sir Patrick clenches he fist . his neck pulse . sir patrick / are it be you power . heal I more than you could ever hurt I . diana 's eye narrow , try to understand . Sir Patrick 's hand begin to flicker with FIRE -- sir patrick / are and I know that if only you could see what the other god could not ... ( continued ) 117 . 107ef continued : 107ef Sir Patrick run he finger along the lasso , energy arcing down the lasso and into diana ! as it hit she -- 107eg vision - ext . no man' land - day 107eg -- they be transport to the barren , war- tear no man' land sir patrick / are ( v.o . ) all the suffer . all the pain and destruction they create . you would join I . diana look around she . sir patrick / are ( v.o. ) sir patrick / are ( v.o . ) with out power combine , ( alt ) we could finally end this . with we power combine , we could finally end they . the barren no man 's land transform into a lush , " Garden of eden " -- like themyscira itself ! sir patrick / are we could return the world to the paradise it be before they . ( beat ) and there would be absolute peace , diana . forever . close on diana take it in . Sir Patrick smile , pleased . but diana resist . diana ( struggle ) no ... no , I would never be a part of that . and like that -- 107eh int . control tower - night ( reality ) 107eh the vision around diana vanish , they be " back " in the control tower . 118. 107d ext . airfield - hangar - continuous action 107d Steve try to pry open a panel on the plane , look for a way to sabotage it somehow -- when a german soldier approach Steve , suspicious . the german be about to yell when -- thump ! Charlie lower the butt of he rifle onto the german . Steve nod in appreciation then -- notice a chill as the wind start to rise . Steve look over , he face grow tense -- dr . maru approach the plane for inspection with more soldier . they retreat to the shadow ! 107b int . bomber prototype - continuous action 107b sameer move past rows of bomb already load . he spot something -- a timer wire to the bomb ! 107c int . airfield - hangar - continuous action 107c the Chief examine the map , horror cover he face when he see the plane 's target : london . int . control tower - continuous action Sir Patrick look angere -- he almost have she . his eye narrow . sir patrick / are oh , diana ... my dear sister ... I do not want to fight you -- ( beat ) -- but if I must ... he quickly grab the lasso -- and a violent eruption of ENERGY erupt -- and the control tower explode !!! 107f ext . airfield - continuous action 107f a deafening explosion erupt across the airfield , demand everyone 's attention ! it 's overwhelming and chaotic , put the soldier in panic mode : they be under attack ! Steve and the team react , unable to see what cause it , retreate to the shadow to find out -- ( continued ) 119 . 107f continued : 107f charlie hurry up ! they be onto we ! steve sammy , let 's go ! Dr. maru turn to a three -man crew -- pilot , CO - pilot , and the bombardier . she call out -- dr . maru forget about they ! come on , move ! ( they hesitate ) go now ! 107g ext . control tower - continuous action 107g diana land on the ground , roll across it . 108 ext . airfield - runway - continuous action 108 Steve and the team race across the airfield , search for cover . 107g ext . control tower - continuous action 107g diana push herself up off the ground , gaze over at Sir Patrick , who simply float down -- burn debris all around they . get to she foot , diana run towards Sir Patrick . close on sir patrick calmly look out at the destruction and diana , he flick he hand -- through he sheer force of will , Sir Patrick lift the tower debris around diana ! girder rise , toppling over on either side of diana as she race towards Sir Patrick ! diana dodge they , run through the gauntlet -- gaze up as a light shine down , toppling towards she -- diana leap out of the way ! 108 ext . airfield - runway - continuous action 108 Steve and the team take cover behind several crate . 120 . 107g ext . control tower - continuous action 107g diana throw she lasso at Sir Patrick , but he hold he hand up and blast it back ! sir patrick / are oh , my dear . you have so much to learn . diana lassos a girder , swinging it back at Sir Patrick -- but he hover above it ! the debris smashes into a gas tank , explode ! 109 ext . airfield - continuous action 109 Fighting through the grow storm , diana race towards Sir Patrick -- he raise he hand like a conductor , rip chunks of the tarmac up ! diana avoid one -- smashes through another -- then leap in the air as a massive chunk of the earth rise -- diana leap into the air , towards Sir Patrick -- 109a ext . airfield - hangar - continuous action 109a Hidden behind the crate , Steve and the team remove they mask and see diana and Sir Patrick battle ! Steve react to Sir Patrick levitate ! charlie what be we go to do ? steve there 's not much we can do ... if that 's what I think it be . Steve look to the plane . steve but we can stop that plane . 109aa ext . airfield - continuous action 109 aa diana leap at Sir Patrick , but she blast she back under the hover chunk of earth ! Sir Patrick motion , sending the chunk crashing down to the ground -- but diana zip out of the way -- in a blur , she slam into Sir Patrick , send he fly -- ( continued ) 121. 109aa continued : 109 aa close on sir patrick catch himself , gaze up , crackle with lightning . 109b ext . airfield - hangar - continuous action 109b Charlie peer through be scope at the plane ... charlie if we radio ahead ? we can ask Air Corps to shoot she down . steve no , if it crash , it will wipe out everyone for fifty square mile . we gotta ground it . sameer bad news . it 's on a timer . if we ground it here , same thing . Steve look over at diana then the plane -- and he realize what he have to do ... steve be it flammable , Chief ? the chief yeah , she say it be hydrogen ? it 's flammable . steve I need you guy to clear I a path to that plane . charlie no , Steve ! sameer Steve ! but Steve be already run towards it . the team go into action ! 109c int . airfield - hangar - continuous action 109c diana grab a large wooden crate and throw it up at Sir Patrick . Sir Patrick raise he hand -- and the crate appear to hit a invisible wall , break apart , revealing hundred of grenade inside ! ( continued ) 122. 109c continued : 109c the grenade hover for a split second -- then are send they down towards diana ! diana grab a large bomb nearby and throws it into the air towards the grenade -- cause a massive explosion ! the explosion send diana and are flying backwards across the airfield ! 109d ext . airfield - hangar 109d Steve see diana smash across the airfield . he rush to she side ! the team watch as the truck move the plane forward . Charlie aim he gun -- shoot straight into the engine ! the truck smoke and halt , the plane stop for a brief moment as -- Steve help diana up -- he start to talk , but diana 's ear be ringing . she can see he , but not hear he . diana what ? in the FIRE - continuous action across the airfield , within the burning FIRE ... close on are ' hand awaken , clutching the earth . ext . airfield - continuous action Steve talk to diana , but she ear be still ringing . through charlie' scope watch as the truck move the plane forward . another angle Charlie aim he gun -- shoot straight into the engine ! the truck smoke and halt , the plane stop for a brief moment as -- ( continued ) 123. 109d continued : 109d Chief put he hand on Charlie 's gun , lower it . the chief do not shoot ! the whole thing could go ! the plane 's blade start spinning ! the team fight the airmen around it , clear the path Steve ask they to . angle on diana and steve struggle to say good - bye ... charlie ( o.s. ) come on , this way ! Steve ! Steve look at Charlie , who motion to the plane . Soldiers be fire at the team , other have unhook the tow truck -- so the plane be move forward again ! he press he watch into she hand . she look at it , confuse , then look up to see he run away . one last look at diana , linger , he heart break -- then he race to the plane . confused , diana call after he -- diana Steve ! Steve run past the team , towards the plane . steve I have the plane . charlie but , Steve -- steve you destroy the lab ! go ! the team hesitates for a second , look at the hangar -- sameer ( to Charlie and Chief ) if we go in there , we be not come back . they share a look -- and then go anyway -- Steve leap onto a ladder on the wing of the bomber , climb up as the plane move down the runway . 124 . 111 ext . airfield - runway - continuous action 111 on the wing , Steve pull himself to the door , open it . Steve 's confront by the bombardier as he enter . they grapple , Steve throw he out ! 111a ext . airfield - continuous action 111a diana turn towards a burn fire . close on diana gaze into the fire . 115 int . bomber prototype - continuous action 115 Steve fight with the bombardier , throw he out of the plane . 111a in the FIRE - continuous action 111a sir patrick summon scrap of metal all around he . one piece slam against he body . then another . and another . faster and faster . angle on sir patrick use the FIRE to forge the metal on he body -- recreate are ' iconic armor he wear in " the History lesson ! " close on are ' hand wrap in metal , form a fist . close on are ' finger digging into the melting metal on he head , create the shape of he helmet . ext . airfield - continuous action walk out of the fire , we reveal Sir Patrick now in he are armor . diana see are -- and run straight at he . ( continued ) 125 . 111a continued : 111a are calmly walk towards diana . he create twin sword out of thin air -- he power grow thanks to diana , are be able to conjure any man -made weapon at will -- and throw the sword at diana ! diana block the sword , fall back to the ground . closer angle on diana a bloody gash at she side . another angle are charge diana -- he conjure a spear , throw it at diana . she block it , but again be throw back as the weapon combust -- slamm into a train car . are do not relent , conjure twin sword -- swinging they at she -- she dodge the blade , block they with she bracelet -- 112-114 omitted 112-114 115 int . bomber prototype - continuous action 115 Steve move deeper into the bomber to the pilot and CO - pilot . the co- pilot get up , pull he gun . the pilot caution he , motion to the gas bomb -- pilot you hit that , we all go up . the co-pilot nod , put he gun away -- spot another weapon . the co-pilot rip a FIRE hatchet off the wall , swinging it hard . Steve dodge the hatchet -- then slam he fist into the co-pilot , send he back against the gas bomb -- Steve wrestle the hatchet away from the co-pilot . Steve slam he fist into the co-pilot -- and he crumple to the ground . Steve fight the Pilot , toss he back , take the control . Steve pull a lever -- 116,117 omitted 116,117 126 . 118 ext . airfield - runway - continuous action 118 as the bomber lift up off the runway into the air , bomber door open , dump out the Pilot and co-pilot . 118a int . hangar - dr . marus laboratory - continuous action 118a Charlie , sameer , and Chief enter the hangar . gunshot ring out as Dr. maru desperately gather she note , try to save she work ! the team look out across the lab , see different drum of chemicals -- ready to be mix to create the gas . they start kick over the drum , dismantle the lab , set charge -- 118ab ext . airfield - runway - continuous action 118 ab are conjure a hook and chain , throw it at diana , wrapping it around she arm -- he throw she across the airfield ! diana slam into a tank , dent it . she stand up -- just as are swing a massive sword , the power of the blade slicing everything in its path -- diana dodge it as the power slice the tank in two ! 118ac ext airfield - runway - continuous action 118ac diana leap up at are as he conjure a hatchet , tackle he -- they crash onto the top of a hangar ! diana dig she hand into the roof , stop herself . 118a int . hangar - dr . marus laboratory - continuous action 118a the team move out across the lab , the Chief set charge -- -- while Dr. maru escape out of the hangar with she notebook , turn back for one last look before disappear . 118ad ext . airfield - hangar - roof 118ad on the hangar rooftop -- diana throws her lasso around are ' arm , yanking he forward -- ( continued ) 127 . 118ad continued : 118ad diana throw she knee into are , knock he up -- and then throw she elbow , knock he down . are barely move out of the way as diana smashes she foot onto the roof , narrowly miss he head . are conjure a large hammer , diana dodging it as he swing . she wrap she lasso around he , toss he over she head . close on diana she rage grow . another angle are conjure a large sword , stabbing the roof , stop himself . are launch at diana , grab she by the neck , lift she into the air off the hangar . sir patrick / are be that all you have to offer I ? 122 ext . airfield - continuous action 122 are throws diana across the airfield . she slam into tank and vehicle , spring back onto she foot . are use he growing power to throw tank tread at diana . the tread wrap around diana , slamm she to the ground ! lightning crackling across they as they tighten around she . pin , diana be overwhelm by a feel of desperation . 119 int . hangar - dr . marus laboratory - continuous action 119 Charlie light a trail of alcohol pour from he flask , lead to a stick of dynamite . they run out -- ext . hangar - dr . marus laboratory - continuous action outside the lab , Charlie cover sameer and Chief while they throw grenade in and -- the lab explode ! 128. 120 int . bomber prototype - continuous action 120 in the cockpit , Steve use all he strength to fight the g-force pull against he body -- 121 ext . hangar - dr . marus laboratory - continuous action 121 for a brief moment it 's victorious , but dozen of soldier come at the team from all direction ! bullet whizzing by , the man take cover ! the team return fire ! 123 ext . hangar - dr . marus laboratory - continuous action 123 Charlie fire and -- click -- he face fall - he 's out of ammo . they be all out . trapped . they know it 's over -- 124 ext . airfield - continuous action 124 trapped by the tread , diana turn , see the team on the ground , out in the open ... are hover over diana , tightening the tread around she with the movement of he hand . sir patrick / are it be futile , sister . but keep try . diana hear the sound of a plane and she look up into the sky -- the plane soar up into it ... diana Steve ... 124a int . bomber prototype - continuous action 124a Steve breathes , fly the plane high . he look back at the burn factory , laugh ... soar higher into the air ... then he look back at the gas bomb fill the plane . Steve pries he gun from he holster , point it backwards towards the gas bomb . 124b ext . airfield - continuous action 124b diana be suddenly overwhelm by a feel -- almost otherworldly -- a connection -- to Steve -- absolute dread on she face -- 129 . 124c int . bomber prototype - continuous action 124c steve be jaw be set , determine . he shut he eye ... think of diana ... and then -- he fire he gun ! 124d ext . airfield - continuous action 124d diana Steve ... -- and the bomber explode ! envelop in a cloud of glowing gas that burn itself up in the explosion . a horrible scream , emanate from deep within diana ! diana no !!!! close on a low profile of diana struggle with the tank tread . she explode with grief and anger -- freeing herself from Sir Patrick 's hold . he stumble back ! in a rage , diana turn to are -- jump into the air at are , slamm she foot down across he . diana tackle he , leap up -- they crash through a hangar , german soldier watch , scatter as diana slide are across the ground . are punch diana off he , motion towards a tank -- it turn , firing at diana ! she roll out of the way and catch the shell , throw it back at the tank ! as it explode , german soldier run -- until are see they -- and use he grow power , take they over . they all freeze in place . close on a german soldier through he gas mask we see he eye turn black . another angle the soldier AIM they gun at diana , fire dozen and dozen of bullet -- she block they , charge towards are . as the soldier move in all around she , block she way -- ( continued ) 130 . 124d continued : 124d close on diana she eye begin to darken . she 's lose in Steve 's death , transformed into a violent machine ! in a brutal , stun move , diana attack the soldier in a fit of rage . she decimate the soldier ! one after the other ! tearing through they ! she spin through the crowd , slamm into the soldier -- building to a super spin that blow they all back ! diana charge are , flipping over and around he , dodging he sword , kick he , leaping away , landing , and throw she lasso around he leg . she wrap she lasso around she own leg , flipping he over she head , slamm he down onto the ground ! diana leap into the air , smash she elbow into he back . breathe heavily , full of anger , diana pull are up , get close enough to realize -- are be smiling . she 's almost he . sir patrick / are ( enjoy every second ) yes , diana . do not stop ... diana pause , breathe heavy like a wild animal . but resist . are blast diana back into a tank . try to anger she into fight . sir patrick / are do it ... fight . diana lift up the tank ! sir patrick you come here with such hope and determination and look at you now . mankind do this to you . join I in the fight ... and we can destroy they forever ! but still diana resist , the darkness in she eye flicker , are sneer with disgust , he turn towards -- the runway . -- use the wind to take hold of a military vehicle maru be desperately try to escape in . ( continued ) 131 . 124d continued : ( 2 ) 124d the vehicle spiral towards diana , spin end -over - end and break apart . maru tumble out -- lie in front of diana beneath the upheld tank . sir patrick / are sir patrick / are look at she and tell I I be ( alt ) wrong . take she . and then take they all ... diana look at maru , the anger boil in she . maru cower . her metal mask flapping off in the wind , grotesque and pathetic . sir patrick / are she be the perfect example of this human . and unworthy of you sympathy in every way . close on diana she eye black as she struggle ... she want so badly to end maru . sir patrick / are destroy she , diana . diana stand over the tremble , terrify woman -- about to crush she . but diana hesitates ... sir patrick / are you know she deserve it , they all do ! diana snarl , she arm shaking with the weight of the tank over she head . her anger threaten to overtake she . are use he power on diana 's lasso , wrap it around she , hold it tight . sir patrick / are see the truth for yourself ! maru look up at diana . diana look down at she ... steve ( v.o. ) ( from far away ) diana ... she close she eye and in she mind ... but it be not the ugliness of mankind . ( continued ) 132 . 124d continued : ( 3 ) 124d flashback - ext . airfield - night she see steve . they last moment together replaying , but this time she hear he -- steve diana ! I have to go . diana what be you say ? Steve , whatever it be , I can do it . let I do it -- steve no . it have to be I . I can save today , you can save the world . ( beat ) I wish we have more time . diana what ? he press something into she hand . she look at it , confuse , then look up to see he run away . steve I love you . diana look down in she hand at Steve 's watch . end flashback . ext . airfield - night a golden glow begin to emit from diana , a warmth within she building . the lasso crackle with power , building up a surge of ENERGY that explode , run from diana , run down the lasso and into are , blast he backwards ! diana open she eye . diana you be wrong about they ... are explode in a nasty , snarling , vicious rage ! he raise he hand -- a massive STORM of debris smashes down towards diana and maru ! it strike into the tank , but diana do not move ! sir patrick / are no ! ( continued ) 133. 124d continued : ( 4 ) 124d the debris combust around diana , unable to harm she ! diana hurl what 's leave of the tank aside . as diana turn to are , maru run away . she walk calmly towards are . diana they be everything you say , but so much more . sir patrick / are lie ! are command everything around he , bring a massive swirling STORM of debris and weapon together -- he charge at she in a FURY ! but she hold she ground , deflect the barrage and then -- absorb the power -- send are back ! are fall back , he helmet blow off . diana walk towards he . he stand , create a massive lightning bolt spear . sir patrick / are they do not deserve you protection . diana it 's not about deserve ... diana stop , " catch " the massive lightning bolt in she gauntlet . the energy course between they . diana it 's about what you believe ... and I believe in love -- are crackle with lightning , summoning everything he can from the STORM above ! sir patrick / are I will destroy you ! then I will destroy they ! are send all of the lightning at diana -- she raise she gauntlet " catch " it ! diana good-bye , brother . diana run towards are as he unleash the very last of he power , erupting towards she . ( continued ) 134 . 124d continued : ( 5 ) 124d diana leap into the AIR over are ' last blast . she cross she bracelet midair . she send the lightning back into are ! are cry out as the lightning strike he , overwhelming he ! are explode ! a huge eruption of power create a crater in the Earth ! and the God of War be go forever . as the rain fall all around she , diana 's foot land softly onto the scorched earth below ... 124e ext . airfield - dawn 124e the rain wash away the blacken smoke from the sky , dawn break through the cloud . diana look around , the soldier rouse , as if they be waking up from a nightmare , the better side of man return . they pull they gas mask off . Dr. maru have vanish . diana gaze out over the battlefield , look at the team , the Germans -- the last of the ash swirl around she as the SUN rise . the sunlight hit diana 's face ... diana look at Steve 's watch -- it 's finally stop tick . series of shot people all over Europe , explode in cheer . for they , the war be over . 125 ext . trafalgar square - day 125 wonderful chaos in trafalgar Square ! confetti , streamer , flag , people embrace with joy . horn and brass band . cheering soldier with crowns of flowers in they hair grab pretty nurse for a kiss . drum thunder by . diana and etta walk towards the massive , wondrous celebration . diana be dress as diana Prince , hair up , glass on . etta be dress up , like everybody else party in the street . they take in the joy . etta you save everyone . ( continued ) 135 . 125 continued : 125 diana ( correct she ) Steve do that . Charlie , sameer , and the Chief , clean and scrubbed and wear suit , join diana and etta . charlie ( to diana ; excited ) do etta tell you ? that General what -his -name , you know -- etta haig . charlie he only go and make we all spy ! oops . we be off to petrograd ! oops . etta there 's a revolution go on . even Chief 's come . you should , too . diana ( touch ) I do not think so . etta stop in front of a recently erect wall of war memorial photograph . Steve look dash , happy , and very much alive . diana 's already fight tear . sameer behind all beauty , all wisdom , there be pain . you must take you pain and make it beautiful . diana where do you read that ? sameer I do not . ( beat ) you teach we that . she force a smile . diana ( v.o. ) I use to want to save the world . 136 . 126 int . louvre museum - diana' office - as before ( present 126 day ) the photograph : diana , in wonder woman armor , and she team . diana ( v.o. ) to end war and bring peace to mankind . she contemplate the face of friend long dead , she eye linger on steve trevor . diana ( v.o. ) but now I have touch the darkness that life in between the light . see the terrible thing man do to each other in the name of hatred ... and the length they ' will go to for love . ( beat ) and now I know that only love can truly save the world . ( beat ) so I stay and I fight and I give for the love I know can be . this be my mission now . forever . diana take Steve 's watch from she pocket , turn it over in she hand twice , feel its smoothness . the watch have stop -- and have be stop since the moment Steve die . she place the watch beside the photograph . at her computer : diana be type a e-mail , bruce wayne 's name the recipient : " thanks for bring he back to I . " just as diana press send , a news alert pop up on she screen . a fire have break out in a downtown building , people trap . smash CUT to : 127 ext . rooftop - day 127 diana in she wonder woman armor stand atop a building , smile -- ( continued ) 137 . 127 continued : 127 then she leap right at we , into action ! smash CUT to black . fade in : 128 ext . themyscira - night 128 post -credit scene . [ note : this be a post - credit scene , lead to justice league .] on the same cliff where diana see Steve 's plane , hippolyta stand on the shore , look out over the ocean , think about she daughter . a beat . then hippolyta turn -- as if she hear something -- just as venelia ride up to she . venelia dismount . venelia my Queen -- hippolyta I know . the mother box ... it have awoken . alert everyone . 129 int . penetralium - night 129 in the center of the penetralium -- push in on : the mother BOX ... it glow . hippolyta ( v.o. ) something terrible be come . smash CUT to black . the end