wonder boy base on the novel by michael chabon screenplay / Steve klove January 21 , 1999 ( pink revision ) January 15 , 1999 ( Blue revision ) December 18,1998 all be a blur . . . ... then word appear , twist and vaguely transparent , reflect on the window grady tripp stand before as he read from a sheaf of neatly - typed page . grady ' the young girl sit perfectly still in the confessional ... 1 int . classroom - university - afternoon grady -- 45 - year-old novelist , professor , and insomniac - - be in the midst of read a story to the dozen college student who make up he Advanced write workshop . grady ... listen to she father 's boot scrape like chalk on the ancient step of the church , then grow faint , then disappear altogether . ' as he finish , grady ponder a pair of maintenance men , perch on ladder in the quad below , string a large banner between two bare tree . the banner read : welcome to wordfest grady turn , peer at he student . they look as if they have be on a field trip to the dmv . grady ( cont would ) ( a wave of the page ) so. . anyone ? a girl with jet-black hair turn to a pale young man sit at a desk in the back of the classroom . he be jame leer , 19 . like grady a moment before , he be stare out the window . carrie mcwhirty let I get this straight . the girl with the big lip be depressed because , each night , when she father go off to work at the bakery , she mother sneak some mysterious lover into the house . not only do this girl have to listen to she mother work this guy in the next room , she have to wash the sheet each morning before daddy get home . after a few week of this , she start to go a little nutty / so daddy take she to confession - - only , once she get in the box , she get a whiff of the priest and realize he 's the mother 's secret lover . be that it ? James leer say nothing , huddle lower in the patty overcoat he wear . carrie mcwhirty I mean , Jesus . what be it with you Catholic ? grady all right . let 's try to keep it constructive , shall we ? Howard , what about you ? howard I hate it . grady that 's not exactly what I mean by constructive , Howard . howard I think James should try to be more constructive . this be my second semester with he . his storey be brutal , man . they make I want to kill myself . grady glance at James , but he face remain impassive . then -- with a visible sense of relief -- grady notice the raise hand of the achingly beautiful hannah GREEN . grady yes , Hannah ? hannah GREEN I think maybe we be miss the point . it seem to I James ' strength as a writer be that he do not take we by the hand . he treat we like adult . he respects we enough to forget we . that take . . . courage . grady nod , smile subtly . appreciative . grady well put , Hannah . and a good note to end on , I think . ( as the student rise ) do not forget about Word fest this weekend . and remember : that of you drive v.i.p.s to tonight 's cocktail party need to have they at the chancellor 's house no later than 5:30 . Hannah Green gather she thing , pause by grady . grady thanks for that . he all right ? hannah GREEN I think so . .. what about you ? grady me? sure . why ? hannah GREEN just check . grady watch she glide away in she cracked red cowboy boot , then start to exit himself . jame leer turn out the light , please . grady pause , study the want figure sit at the back of the classroom , then -- reluctantly - hit the switch on the wail , leave James leer alone in the dark . 2 int . stairwell / corridor - afternoon ( moment later ) grady hurry down the step , then spy SARA gasksll , 45 , stand below . she be talk to a boy with a armful of slick program . SARA ( calm but firm ) no , elliot , I say five hundred program for today . this mean we have no program for the weekend . this mean that tomorrow morning , at 9 am , several hundred people will walk into thaw Hall and have absolutely no idea where they be go . ( shaking she head ) it 's all right , elliot . I will take care of it . grady watch Sara take the program , turn , and spot he . there be the slight of hesitation , then .... SARA Professor tripp . grady chancellor . SARA I get the message you call . grady I get the message you call too . this hang in the air , awkward somehow , then both nod and continue on , without so much as a backward glance . 3 int . grady' car - moving the radio blast as grady pop the glove box , remove a joint as big as he pinky , and wheel he dark maroon ' 66 galaxie ragtop away from campus , cruise under another banner : welcome to wordfest february 26-28 4 ext . galaxie - moving .. - pittsburgh grady cruise past the three river and modest skyscraper of downtown , sip at the weed . 5 int . pittsburgh airport grady ride the long , automated treadmill that run half the length of the terminal , until ... 6 int . arrival gate - pittsburgh airport ... terry crabtree -- grady 's editor and friend -exit the tunnel with a stunning young woman in a skin-tight black dress , bright red topcoat , and three - inch spike heel . grinning devilishly , crabtree whisper something in the woman 's ear , then spot grady . crabtree tripp ! grady how be you , crabtree ? crabtree brimming . say hello to my new friend , miss antonia . . .uh. . . . woman sloviak . crabtree I take the liberty of invite antonia to tonight 's festivity . you do not mind , do you . trip ? ? grady ( a slight beat ) the more the merrier . miss sloviak Terry be tell I about you on the plane . it be ail so interesting . crabtree I be explain to antonia how a book come to be publish . what you do as a writer , what I do as a editor ... grady I sweat blood for five year and he check for spelling . miss sloviak ( indicate crabtree ) that 's exactly what he say . crabtree we know each other pretty well . ( to grady ) so where 's Emily ? grady Emily ? crabtree you wife . grady oh . we be pick she up . downtown . crabtree perfect . well then , shall we ? grady nod , but linger briefly -- study the architecture of miss sloviak 's ankle as she click off in she spike heel , arm in arm with crabtree . 7 int . baggage carousel - airport - moment later grady and crabtree watch suitcase tumble as miss sloviak sit across the way , inspect she face in a compact . crabtree do you know how many time I have board a airplane praying someone like she would sit down beside I ? particularly while I be on my way to Pittsburgh . grady Lay off Pittsburgh . it 's one of the great city . crabtree if it can produce a miss sloviak you will get no argument from I . grady she 's a transvestite . crabtree you be stone . grady she 's still a transvestite . crabtree mm. grady be not she ? crabtree ignore grady 's question , smile placidly as he watch the carousel spin . crabtree so how 's the book ? grady stiffen . he have be expect this , but not so soon . he try to act casual . grady it 's fine . it 's do . basically . I be just sort of . .. tinkering with it . crabtree great . I be hope I could get a look at it sometime this weekend . think that might be possible ? grady I do not know . I be sort of at a critical . . . juncture . crabtree I think you be tinkering . grady I just mean . . . crabtree forget I ask . I do not want to pressure you , tripp . but ... ( pointedly ) ... I get pressure . know what I mean ? grady ponder this , troubled by it . suddenly , crabtree 's face brighten again . crabtree ah. .. well now . what do you suppose that would be ? grady turn , watch a immense pony hide case drop onto the carousel . grady that would be a tuba . 8 int . grady' car - moving - late afternoon 8 as the galaxie emerge from a tunnel , grady watch the great city of Pittsburgh reveal itself in the distance , then glance in the rearview mirror . grady that perfume you be wear , antonia . it would not happen to be cristaile , would it ? miss sloviak why yes . how do you know ? grady lucky guess . crabtree you do not actually purchase this car , do you . trip ?? grady it be Jerry Nathan 's . he owed I money . crabtree he owe God money . you know , he queere himself for good with esquire . grady take a joint from the ashtray , snap a scripto butane . grady he say something about be between thing . crabtree yeah , between a bookie and a pair of break leg . 9 ext . office build - moment later a young woman with a crumpled pittsburgh steeier umbrella exit the building and - see grady park in front of a fire hydrant -- stop , a puzzle expression on she face . as she approach , grady roil down the passenger window . grady hi , Tanya . ( to the other ) this be Tanya . my wife 's secretary . crabtree and miss sloviak smile and nod . Tanya smile and nod back , she eye pass uneasily over grady 's joint . tanya grady .. .. Emily 's not here . grady just smile , nod . tanya ( cont would ) be there anything I can do for you ? grady watch a tiny stream of water trickle through Tanya 's sad umbrella . grady you be leak , Tanya . Tanya nod -- at a loss - then turn away into the rain . crabtree trip ? ? grady she leave I . crab . crabtree Left you ...? who ? Emily ? grady this morning . I find a note in the kitchen . crabtree but . .. why do not you say something , tripp ? I mean , what be we do here ? grady gaze at the glitter scene beyond he windshield , turn on the ignition . grady I think maybe I make it all up . 10 ext . gaskell house - evening through the window , a rabble of writer , faculty and select student can be see , mingling under a haze of cigarette smoke . grady bring the galaxie to a lurching halt across the street , park in front of another fire hydrant . as the trio step out . miss sloviak notice a greenhouse , shimmer quietly in the chill night air . miss sloviak that 's a nice greenhouse . grady it 's Mrs. gaskell 's . her hobby . crabtree I think you be Mrs. gaskell 's hobby , tripp . grady piss off , crab . I lose a wife today . crabtree oh , I be sure you will find another . you always do . 11 ext . front porch - gaskell house as the front door swing open , Sara gaskell appear , riding a wave of jag party chatter onto the porch . SARA well , hello , everyone . Terry , good to see you again . crabtree chancellor . do not you look ravish . SARA be not you sweet to say so . I be beginning to wonder if you be ever go to -- oh ! as Sara step forward , she heel - catch and she pitch forward ... into grady 's arm . grady easy there . SARA I be sorry . it 's this goddamn shoe . I do not know how anyone actually walk in this thing . miss sloviak practice . Sara look at miss sloviak , a faint glitter of scientific curiosity in she eye . SARA I do not believe we have meet ... miss sloviak antonia . antonia sloviak -- just then , a thickly -mucscled dog with very strange eye skitter around the corner , barking savagely in the general direction of grady . SARA poe ! crabtree ( mildly ) this would not be walter 's dog , would it ? poe continue to rage , he paw do crazy eight on the hardwood floor , until he 's spun himself completely around and be bark at the live room . miss sloviak who ' 's he bark at now ? grady he 's still bark at I . he 's blind . SARA poe ' hush ! now stop this . honestly . as poe simmer to a deep growl , grady lean forward . grady I need to talk to you . SARA that 's funny . I need to talk to you , too . ( strategy in she tone ) perhaps you could put some of this coat in the upstairs guest room , Professor tripp . grady ( read she ) I do not believe I know where the upstairs guest room be . SARA well then . I would better show you . Terry -- crabtree we will just make ourselves at home . ( kneel by poe ) wo not we , poe ? yes , yes .... 12 int . upstair room grady enter a room swim in basebail memorabilia . autographed baseball abound , as well as photograph of famous big-leaguer . in one somewhat- date photo a trim man in he forties ( a young walter gaskell ) stand with pittsburgh pirate bill mazeroski at a old - timer game . as Sara ease the door shut , grady nod to a 1951 yankeet pennant hang over the mantle . grady New ? SARA ( nodd ) walter just get it back from the framer today . Sara take grady 's hand , draw he away from the pennant and down onto the coat-cover bed . SARA you go first . grady all right . this morning -- SARA I be pregnant . a flash of laughter flutter from the live room below . grady start to speak . SARA I be sure . grady well . this be ... surprising . do walter ... ? SARA I think walter would find this a little more than surprising . grady nod , get she drift , then roil onto he back . grady Emily leave I this morning . SARA she 's leave before ... grady she 's leave the room before . she always come back . Sara nod . consider this . SARA so . I guess we just divorce we spouse , marry each other , and have this baby , right ? simple . grady simple . grady and Sara stare at the ceiling . Sara sniff the coat lie beneath she . miss sloviak 's coat . SARA be that cristaile ? grady hm . SARA ( weary ) my God , I wear the same scent as a transvestite . she be a transvestite , be not : she ? grady if she 's not now , Terry will make sure she be by the end of the evening . SARA have he ask to see the book yet ? grady yes . SARA and ? be you go to tell he ? grady no. maybe . I do not know . I do not know what I be go to do . SARA ( distantly ) neither do 1 . grady start to pull up , but he arm be underneath Sara . grady Sara , my arm . I be stick , honey . SARA I guess you be go to have to chew it off then . 13 int . live room - gaskell house poe nose blindly through a forest of leg , pause by miss sloviak 's high heel and score a Rye krisp . crabtree , return with a pair of drink , tiptoe around he , find miss sloviak chat with a trim man in he 50' . crabtree walter ! I see you have meet my friend . walter gaskell yes . she ' 's charming . miss sloviak ( take she drink ) walter 's be tell I the most fascinating thing about Marilyn Monroe and . .. who be it ? walter gaskell Joe dimaggio . simply put , antonia , it ' 's my contention that they marriage tapped into the very id of american popular culture . Joe dimaggio represent , metaphorically speak , the husband as slugger .. and , though it may be controversial , I personally believe every woman , in some way , desire to be Marilyn Monroe . miss sloviak oh , I could not agree more . new angle grady work he way through the crowd , spy walter , and change course . directly ahead be a oddly commanding man ( " q " ) . from the behavior of the people in he vicinity it 's clear he be someone of interest . presently , he be put the make on Hannah Green . q and while my latest have be on the New York Times bestseller list for 40 week , I can not help but lament that my first book , which contain what I consider my finest write , be remainder in less than five . so , I find myself conflict . grady ask he if he 's conflict about he house in the hampton . hannah GREEN ( brighten ) grady . q eye grady over he wine glass . q hello .. . Professor . grady q , . Hannah 's have two storey publish in the Paris Review . you would best dust off the ' a ' material for she . as grady move off , he see poe sniff , and go the other way , head directly into the crosshair of a mah in tweed , who be talk to another , short man . man in tweed ( to short man ) a supermarket for the mind , my ass . I be tell you , they be nothing but a big , fat mob laundry . have you ever be to davenport , Iowa ? let I tell you , they need a 30,000 - square - foot bookstore like they need another goddamn cow . ( as grady pass ) grady ! grady hello , Nathan . man in tweed my God , I have not see you since , what ? the pen / faulkner Award . that be a big night for you , grady . ( to he friend ) grady be there for arsonist 's daughter , the short man blink , impulsively take grady 's hand . short man Douglas triddly , amherst . I kid you not when I say arsonist 's daughter belong in the pantheon of late twentieth century fiction . I have have it on my Graduate Studies syllabus three year run . grady ( pull away ) no wonder it 's still in print . as grady flee , he pass a woman hold a cigarette . woman with cigarette ... can take my word for it , writer 's be lousy fuck . poet be not bad , but then you have get to deal with the sweater thing . they will discover the cancer in you heart every time , but God forbid they find a decent dry cleaner . 14 ext . rear gaskell house - night grady come out the back : door and ferret a joint from he pocket , light it . he take a long draw , walk around the side of the house . as he pass a window , a voice accost he . man' voice there you be . grady start , but when he look through the window , he see that the voice belong to walter gaskell and the person to whom he 's talk be Sara . they be stand in the kitchen , near a elaborate wine rack . walter I could swear I have a ' 63 chateau latour in here . you have not see it , have you ? SARA I doubt I would recognize a ' 63 chateau latour if I be sit on it . walter you would recognize it if you taste it . SARA I doubt it , darling . walter ( angle &amp ; bottle to the light ) well , q certainly will . and , give that he will be address 500 people in little over a hour ... SARA you want to keep he happy . walter if he ' 's happy . . . ( kissing she as he exit ) I be happy . as walter go , grady study Sara as she stand alone in the quiet little room , look small and tired . finally , she take a breath , steeling herself , and move off , return to the clamor inside she house . grady sigh , guilt -stricken , then detect a flicker of light come from the darkness beyond . a figure be watch he from the retain wail that lead to the gaskell 's garage . grady blink , chagrine that he 's be catch eavesdropp , then he eye narrow and he step off the porch . grady James ? James leer wear the same nasty overcoat from class , a GREEN knapsack hang off one shoulder . grady look at what appear to be a sliver of moonlight in James ' palm . jame leer it 's fake . James ' face betray he own fragile chagrin and grady peer more closely at what lie in he extend hand . the sliver of moonlight be , in fact , a shiny pearl -handle pistol . jame leer it be my mother 's . she win it in a penny arcade in Baltimore when she be in Catholic school . grady it 's very convincing . jame leer it use to shoot this little paper cap , but they do not make they anymore . the cap . grady reach for the gun , but James close he finger and slip the tiny thing back into he overcoat . jame leer it 's just . .. for good luck . some people carry rabbit ' foot ... grady ... you carry firearm . as grady exhales a plume of smoke , James ' eye pass briefly over the jay . grady notice , offer . jame leer no , thank you . I do not like to lose control of my emotion . grady nod , accustom to James ' weirdness . jame leer I be not suppose to be here , in case you be wonder . I crash . I mean , not intentionally ... James nod toward the house , where Hannah Green can be see in a window , still fend off the determine q. jame leer ( cont would ) ... but the other night , Hannah and I be together , at the movie , and she ask I . since she be come . so I end up come . too . grady nod , ponder this over - elaborate explanation . grady be you and Hannah see each other , James ? jame leer no ! what give you that idea ? grady relax , James . I be not she father . I just rent she a room . jame leer she like old movie like I do , that 's ail . ( glance back at the window ) besides , she do not really know I . she think she do , but she do not . maybe it 's because she 's mormon and I be Catholic . grady maybe it 's because she 's beautiful and she know it and try as she might to not let that screw she up , it 's inevitable that it will in some way . James look away from the window , at grady . jame leer you be not like my other teacher , Professor tripp . grady you be not like my other student , James . so what be the movie you two see ? jame leer huh ? oh. Son or fury . with tyrone power and france Farmer . grady she go crazy , france Farmer . jame leer so do gene tierney . she 's in it too . grady sound like a good one . jame leer ( a crooked smile ) it 's not bad . grady consider James ' fragile face . grady listen , James , about this afternoon . in workshop . I be sorry . I think I let thing get a bit out of control . jame leer they really hate it . I think they hate it more than any of the other one . grady well ... jame leer it do not matter . it only take I a hour to write . grady ( truly impressed ) really ? that 's remarkable . jame leer I have trouble sleep . while I be lie in bed I figure they out . the storey . as James gaze off at the gloam greenhouse , grady look down at the leave front pocket of James ' overcoat . like a nervous tic , James ' hand - hide -twitch against the modest bulk of the cap gun . grady you cold , James ? jame leer ( distant ) a little . grady so what be you do out here ? jame leer it 's colder in there . - grady ( laugh ) you be right . James blink , startle by grady 's laughter , startle that he 's say something funny . he look back to the greenhouse jame leer actually , I see the greenhouse . so I think ... I think I would come out here and take a look at it . you do not see one of that every day . it look like heaven ... grady Heaven ? jame leer I see a movie once . part of it take place in heaven . everyone wear white and live in crystal house . like that . at least that 's the way I remember it ... abruptly , James glance at he watch . jame leer I should be go . James turn away , then stop . he stand like this a moment , then turn back . hold out he right hand . jame leer ( cont would ) Goodbye , Professor tripp . grady hesitates , then shake James ' hand . James move off then , leave the light of the house behind . grady James . ( as he stop ) do not leave just yet . there 's something I think you ought to see . jame leer I will miss my bus . grady this be worth it . James look conflict . grady ( cont would ) trust I . 15 int . live room - moment later it 's quieter now , the party wind down , as grady sneak James past the depart guest and toward the stair . hannah GREEN hey , you two . grady stop , see Hannah slip on a coat in the foyer . hannah GREEN ( cont would ) be you riding with I , James ? jame leer no , I be go ho -- grady he 's go with I . you take crabtree . and he friend . all right ? hannah GREEN ail right . by the way , he friend ...? grady the answer 's yes . I think . yes . I do not know . where be they exactly ? crabtree here we be ! crabtree appear at the top of the landing with miss sloviak . her lipstick be blurry . crabtree ( spying James ) nell , hello there . crabtree step down the stair , hand extend . James leer 's pale finger rise as if on a string . grady James . this be my editor , Terry crabtree . hannah GREEN James will know about George Sanders . jame leer George Sanders ? hannah GREEN Mr. crabtree be say how George Sanders kill himself , only he could not remember how . jame leer pill . August 25 , 1972 . in a costa brava hotel room . the few people within earshot glance oddly at James , but crabtree 's eye glitter with intrigue . crabtree how comprehensive of you . hannah GREEN oh , James be amazing . he know all the movie suicide . go ahead , James . tell they who else . jame leer there 's so many ... hannah GREEN just a few then . the big one . James glance at the loose group of people around he , watch , then ... jame leer pier angeli , 1971 or ' 72 , also pill . Charles boyer , 1978 , pill again . Charles butterworth , 1946 , I think . in a car . supposedly it be a accident , but , you know . . . ( a trace of irony ) he be distraught . dorothy dandridge , she take pill in , like , 1965 . Albert dekker , 1968 , he hang himself . he write he suicide note in lipstick on he stomach . Alan ladd , ' 64 , more pill , carole landis , pill again , I forget when . George reeves , superman on tv , shot himself . Jean seberg / pill of course , 1979 . Everett sioane -- he be good -- pill . Margaret sullavan , pill , lupe velez , a lot of pill . gig Young . he shot himself and he wife in 1978 . there be more but I do not know if you would have hear of they . Ross Alexander ? Clara blandick ? maggie McNamara ? gia scaia ? hannah GREEN I have not hear of half of that . crabtree you do they alphabetically . James turn , find crabtree 's laser eye on he . James blink , as if he have forget about crabtree , then shrug shyly , look away . jame leer that 's just how my brain work , I guess . crabtree fascinating . listen , why do not you come out with we after the lecture . there 's a place on the Hill I always get trip to take I . jame leer actually . .. I just want to go home . crabtree oh , do not be silly . no one you age just want to go home . besides , faculty will be present . just think of it as a field trip . as he exit , crabtree raise a eyebrow to grady , as if to say : " bring he . " miss sloviak follow , eyeing James glacially as we CUT to : black the dull purr of a combination lock be heard , a door open , and a triangle of light fall on a photograph of marilyn monroe joe dimaggio on they wedding day . 16 int . closet - gaskell house grady and James leer stand in the doorway . just below the photograph of Marilyn and joe--hang next to a pin - stripe jersey bear the number 5 - - be a short black satin jacket trim with a ermine collar . jame leer be that really it ? grady that 's really it . jame leer the one she wear on she wedding day ? grady so I be tell . James , in the presence of the holy grail of suicide garment , stand speechless . grady ( cont would ) go ahead . jame leer really ? grady really . James swallow , the and - go to the jacket . carefully , he reach out he finger and touch the yellow collar , barely make contact , as though it might crumble to dust . jame leer they be glass . the button . grady like the lady herself . grady say this airily , ironically , riding he buzz a bit , but James nod solemnly , eye transfix on the jacket , as if Marilyn herself be inside it . jame leer she be small . most people do not know that . the shoulder be small . ( touch the satin ) it look so perfect . I bet it 's the only time she wear it . that day . she must have feel so ... happy . grady study James as he take the fringe of the jacket , lift it lightly . jame leer it 's feel unreal , like butterfly wing or ... something . it must have cost Dr. gaskell a lot . grady I guess . walter never tell Sara the truth about how much he pay for this thing . jame leer you be really good friend with the chancellor , be not you ? grady 's eye slide , paranoid , but James ' face remain unchange , consume with the jacket . grady ( carefully ) pretty good . I be friend with Dr. gaskell , too . jame leer I guess you must be , if you know the combination to he closet and he do not mind you be here in they bedroom like this . grady right . a door slam downstairs and grady and James jump . the click of a woman 's high heel send grady to the bedroom window , where he watch Sara slide into a white citroen ds23 , turn on the ignition , and motor away . grady we , better skedaddle . Close that closet -- James ? you ail right ? James be slump on the gaskell 's white linen bed , knapsack between he knee , head in hand . jame leer I be sorry . Professor tripp . maybe it 's see that jacket that belong to she . it just look ... really lonely . hanging there . in a closet . maybe I be just a little sad . grady maybe . I be feel a little sad myself tonight . jame leer you mean , with you wife leave you and ail ? ( off grady 's look ) Hannah mention something about it . about a note . grady yes . well . it 's complicated , James . I think we should go now . without think , grady flick out the bedroom light , leave James leer in the dark for the second time today . James just sit there , a shadow in a room of shadow . 17 int . hallway a low rumble freeze grady as he enter the hail . a few foot away , poe lie belly to the ground , he blind blue eye train , more or less , in grady 's direction . grady okay . easy now . eee -zy . . . . grady start to take a step , when .... poe shoot forward and sink himself deep into grady 's ankle . grady Jesus ! grady hop gracelessly , momentarily lift poe off the ground as he swing he leg up . poe , counter , roll he head in a snap motion and drop grady in a clumsy heap . grady get off of I , you son-of - a-bitch ! poe regains he foot , but do not let go , whipping he head back and forth , back and forth , over and over , growl low , dark , and hideously from the back of he throat , until there be a sharp ... crack ! crack ! poe yelp , go perfectly still , then topple heavily onto grady 's leg . grady turn . James leer stand in the doorway , pose with the little pearl - handle pistol like Steve mcqueen . grady look at James . then poe . then back to James . grady shit , James . you shoe Dr. gaskell 's dog . jame leer I have to . do not I ? grady could not you have just pull he off I ? jame leer no ! he be crazy . I do not - he look -- 1 think -- grady okay , okay . take it easy . do not freak out on I . grady roil down he sock . apparently , poe go through life with a slight overbite . jame leer do you have a mirror ? it 's the best way to see if someone 's breathe . grady he 's dead , James . believe I , I know a dead dog when I see one . James look miserably at poe . jame leer what be we go to do ? grady rise awkwardly , hold out he hand . grady first you be go to give I that little cap gun of yours . 18 int . galaxie - moving grady and James stare gloomily out the windshield . jame leer Professor tripp ? can I ask you a question ? grady yea , James . jame leer what be we go to do with ... James glance in the backseat , where poe lie , strange blue eye gleam . grady I do not know . I be still try to figure out how to tell the chancellor I murder she husband 's dog . jame leer you ? grady trust I , James , when the family pet 's be assassinate , the owner do not want to hear one of she student be the triggerman . jame leer do she want to hear it be one of she professor ? grady I have get tenure . 19 ext . parking lot -- thaw hall ( campus ) as sporadic applause waft from the high windowpane of thaw Hall , grady lean into the galaxie 's trunk , create a space between the tuba and a Zippered suitcase . grady okay . James totter forward , arm hook under poe 's front leg look like a sorry marathon dancer . grady frown , limp forward , and take the hind leg . jame leer he 's still a little warm . they lay he down , push he deep into the trunk -- until there be a SOUND like a pencil snapping . jame leer yuck . grady grab crabtree 's garment bag , frisk the pocket . jame leer that 's a. big trunk . it fit a tuba , a suitcase , a dead dog , and a garment bag almost perfectly . grady ( search ) that 's just what they use to say in the ad . come on , crabtree , I know you be hold ... jame leer whose tuba be that anyway ? grady miss sloviak 's . jame leer can I ask you something about she ? grady she be . ah. here we go ... grady unravel a pair of boxer short , find a airplane - size bottle of jack daniel , then grab another pair of boxer . jame leer oh. so. be -- be you friend crabtree - - be he -- gay ? grady most of the time he be , James . some of the time he be not . now what do we have here ? grady rattles a prescription bottle , then shake out a pair of white pill , each etched with a tiny numeral 3 . grady look like ...our old friend Mr. codeine . that should take the pinch out of my ankle . ( hand the bottle to James ) have one . jame leer no thanks . I be fine without they . grady right . that 's why you be stand in the chancellor 's back yard twirling that little cap gun of yours tonight . you be fine , all right , you be fit as a fuck fiddle . grady open the tiny bottle of Jack with he tooth , drink down two number 3's , then look at James . grady I be sorry , James . I be sorry I say that . recklessly , James take a pill , toss it in he mouth , and tip back the tiny bottle of Jack . half a second later , he spit it all out . grady look down , peel the soggy pill from the lapel of he jacket . grady how ' bout we try that again . 20 int . auditorium - later on the stage . walter gaskell stand alone at a podium . walter ... really need no introduction . walk down the aisle of any airplane or by the pool of any hotel and you will see he face beam back at you . you all know the name , you all know the book , so welcome if you will , the man that of we who know he simply call .. . q. as the audience thunder , grady and James slink into the auditorium . it 's stand room only . as they head for a open space against the back wail , grady squeeze past a kid with a goatee . who regards he warily . q good evening . grady stare , over the gleam sea of head before he , watch as q pause , ..for a very long moment ... wait until the auditorium be consume in a heavy , anticipatory hush . finally , he speak again . q I be a writer . as the audience explode with glee , grady frown . he glance to he right , see James ' leave brow crinkle with a similar look of bafflement . q ( cont would ) as a writer , one thing you learn be that everyone you encounter have a story . every bartender , every taxi driver , everybody have a idea or a. story that would make a " great book " or a " great movie . " presumably , each of you have a idea . ( gesture to the audience ) but , how do you go from there to here ? how do you go from have a idea to have a book ? how do you get across ? what be the bridge , the bridge that allow you to walk on air from the shoreline of inspiration to the terra firma of accomplishment ? faith . faith that you story be worth the tell , faith that you have the wherewithal to tell it , faith that the carefully woven structure you create will not collapse beneath you ... grady glance at James , see that he eye be unblink and glaze , then see , beyond he , Sara stand by the far exit . a blink later , she be go . q ( cont would ) ... and faith that when you get to the other side someone will be wait who give a damn about the tale you have to tell . grady lean back , listen to the beat of he own heart , the soft glimmer of the chandelier hang by a thread forty foot above he head ... abruptly , James laugh out loud -- some private amusement : bubbling up from the bottom or he brain and out into the auditorium . as q look and four hundred other head turn , James duck down -- mortify . crabtree , sit a few row away , study James with amusement , then wink at grady . grady blink , turn to James . grady I will be right back . 21 int . lobby grady burst through the auditorium door and into the lobby . a pair . of local booksellers , chat quietly behind a table array with the book of attend author , glance up as grady limp toward the restroom . 22 int . corridor grady stumble down the sloping carper , but the corridor begin to turn sideways on he and he stop , rest he cheek against the cool ...cool ... wall. ..as ...ail ..- go .... black for a moment and then .... sara' voice grady ? grady ? grady open he eye , find Sara 's face swim above he . he be lie on he back in the corridor , he corduroy blazer bundle under he head like a pillow . SARA you have another one , do not you ? you have to see a doctor , grady . first thing Monday morning . all right ? grady be the thing - be it over ? SARA almost . wane to sit up ? ( as he wince ) what 's the matter ? grady nothing . I think I twisted my -- grady look at he ankle and feel a rush of guilt . grady I have to tell you something . something .. .hard . Sara 's face stiffen , become more chancelloresque . SARA then stand up . I be too old for all this roiling around on the floor . grady let she pull he up , watch she light a cigarette . grady well ... SARA do not . I know what you be go to say . grady no , really , Sara , I do not think you -- SARA you love Emily . I know that . and you need to stay with she . grady I do not think I really have a choice in , that . Emily leave I . SARA she will come back . that 's why I be go to . ..to not have this baby . grady watch she flip she hand up , bring the cigarette to she lip , and inhale ... then grimace and drop it to the floor . grady not have it . SARA no . there 's no way . I mean , do not you think there 's no way ? grady well , no , I do not see any way . ( take she hand ) and I know how hard it be for you to -- to lose this chance . SARA ( jerk away ) no you do not . and fuck you for say you do . and fuck you for " say . . . ( quietly ) ... for say there 's just no way . because there could be a way , grady . somewhere deep in the building , applause swell . SARA ( compose herself ) he must be finish . we should go . grady look sadly at Sara then stoops to retrieve he coat . as he grab it , James leer 's little pistol clatter to the floor . SARA who 's gun be that ? grady it 's - it 's a souvenir . of Baltimore . before grady can close he hand , Sara have it in she own . SARA heavy . smell like gunpowder . grady cap . she point it - at grady 's chest . he smile nervously . SARA pow . grady you get I . SARA I love you , grady . grady place he finger gently over Sara 's ... and remove the gun from she hand . grady I love you , too . 23 int . lobby the auditorium door swing open and James leer emerge , arm drape over crabtree and a large student . jame leer woah ! the door make so much noise ! as they make for the restroom , Sara and grady appear . jame leer this be so embarrassing ! you guy have to carry I out . grady be he ail right ? crabtree ( roll he eye ) he 's fine . he 's narrate . jame leer we be go to the men' room . only we might not make it in time . SARA Terry crabtree and James leer . leave it to you to make that mistake , wait here . as Sara head off after James , grady turn toward the lobby ... directly into the hostile gaze of miss sloviak . miss sloviak I need a ride . grady I be you man . 24 ext . STREET 24 as the galaxie 's big trunk yawn open . miss sloviak stare at what 's wedge up against she suitcase . grady there 's a explanation . miss sloviak raise a eyebrow and then , lean in , unzip she suitcase . 25 int . grady' car - moving as grady drive , miss sloviak finish with the top button of a man 's shirt , then reach into the zippere cosmetics bag in she lap . onto the open tray of the glovebox , she place a jar of cold cream , a bottle of nail polish remover , and a cloud of cotton ball . miss sloviak could not he have just throw a shoe at the poor thing ? grady James be . .. I do not know ... miss sloviak disturb . and when you friend crabtree get do with he , he 's go to be even more disturb . grady I be not sure that 's possible . miss sloviak sure it be . grady watch miss sloviak peel the wig from she forehead . grady listen , antonia -- miss sloviak tony . now that I be home . grady tony . I be sorry if thing do not work out so well for you tonight . with Terry . miss sloviak forget it . I should have know better . you friend be just , I do not know , into collect weird trick . mind ? tony angle the rearview mirror toward himself . grady he 's write he name in water . miss sloviak what 's that ? grady like most editor , he really want to be a writer , but he 's too busy live a novel to bother write one . miss sloviak that sound like a fancy excuse for be a shit . grady he would call it habit . but now . .. I get the feel he 's go through the motion a bit . tony peel off a pair of false eyelash , blink . miss sloviak you mean because he career 's ruin and all ? grady Jesus . be that what he tell you ? miss sloviak he say he have not have a success in ten year and everyone in New York think he 's kind of .a. . . as tony re-set the rearview mirror , grady get a glimpse of he own swollen eye . miss sloviak ... loser . but I be sure you book be so good that he will be able to keep he job . hear this , grady look troubled . miss sloviak point . miss sloviak ( cont would ) turn here . 26 ext . sloviak house grady pull in front of a small brick house . on the front lawn , a small statue of the blessed virgin stand under a little white band shell paint with star . grady that ' ' 's nice . all we have be a japanese beetle trap . miss sloviak it 's a bathtub . what she 's stand under . the porch light cony on and a SMALL , white - haire man squint through the screen door . miss sloviak there 's pop. ( turn ) let I see it . the gun . grady reach into he pocket , hand it over . tony smirk . miss sloviak figure . it 's like the kind of gun bette Davis would carry . in a little bead purse ? grady study the gun in tony 's hand , then glance at the front screen door . pop be still there . grady I would better go . I think I may have to rescue James leer . miss sloviak return the gun , .step out of the car , and peer in at grady . miss sloviak you know , grady , if I be you . I would think about go home . you look like you need a little rescue yourself . 27 ext . parking lot - hi - hat club grady park near a van that have kravnik' sporting good stencile on the side . he watch a bouncer frisk a patron in the pink light of the hi-hat Club 's entrance , then slide - James leer 's little pistol into the glovebox . 27a ext . entrance - hi - hat club as grady step to the door , the bouncer give he a perfunctory pat-down . bouncer ( kid he ) clean tonight , hub , Professor ? grady as a whistle . 28 int . hi - hat club Hannah Green be dance with a sweat - drench q as grady enter this smoke - filled rhythm and blue club . she beckon with a finger , but grady -- nervous at the sight of she glisten mormon skin- - merely pantomime a exaggerated shrug and she point . crabtree and James leer sit at a dark corner table . James slouches , eye half - close , while crabtree stare in the general vicinity of the dancer , he hand extend beneath the table , in the general vicinity of James ' lap . grady , look a little alarmed , grab a pass waitress . grady double dickel on the rock . 29 int . booth as grady arrive , crabtree withdraw he hand delicately and James ' eye flutter open . briefly , ..then close . grady be that just beer ? crabtree primarily . although I gather you two stage a little raid on the crabtree pharmacopoeia . you miss a few bottle , by the way . grady I be sure . where be everyone ? crabtree Sara and walter decline . guess they want to go home and curl up on the couch with the dog . grady cut James a glance , try to determine if he 's cop on poe , but James be winking out . his head drift back against the wail , settles with a gentle ... thunk . grady Jesus . he 's out . crabtree glance over , nod . crabtree he have a book . grady I know . he start it fall semester . crabtree he finish it Winter break . grady look up , unable to disguise he surprise . he glance at James ' slack face tilt against the wall . crabtree so . be he any good ? grady no . not yet he be not . crabtree well , I be go to read it anyway . grady come on . crab . do not do this . he 's . one o£ my student , for Christ sake . I be not even sure if he 's - crabtree he be . take my word for it . grady I think it 's more complicated than that . besides , he 's a little ... scattered . he almost ... do something stupid tonight . at least , I think so . anyway , he do not need sexual confusion throw into the stew right now . crabtree on the contrary , it ' could be just the ticket . waitress ( ducking in ) double dickel . grady thanks . grady notice the waitress 's nametag ( oola ) and realize she be conspicuously pregnant . he watch she disappear beyond the blur of body on the dancefloor , where Hannah Green 's slinky form seize he attention . crabtree no sexual confusion there , eh , Professor ? grady shut up and drink . crabtree grin , bring he bottle up , then stop . crabtree oh my goodness . do you see what I see ? grady follow crabtree 's glance and find oola again , but it 's not oola crabtree be eyeing , it 's she customer . grady President of the James Brown Hair Club for Men . sitting alone in the dark booth be a SMALL black man with big hand , a face pepper with scar tissue , and -- most noticeably - - a tsunami of hair sprout from he scalp . grady ( initiate a old game ) he 's a boxer . a flyweight . crabtree huh uh . a jockey . his name 's , um , curtis .. . curtis hardapple . grady not curtis . crabtree Vernon , then . Vernon hardapple . the scar 's be from a-- from a horse . he fall during a race and get trample . grady and now he 's addict to painkiller . crabtree he can not piss stand up anymore . grady he life with he mother . crabtree and he have a young brother who . . .was . . . a. . . grady Groom . name claudell . and he mother blame Vernon for he death . crabtree ( stump ) because . . . because . . . jame leer ( sleepily ) .. .he be kill , when a gangster name freddie nostril try to shoot he favorite horse . he take the bullet himself . grady and crabtree turn to look at James leer , who open one bloodshot eye to regard they . jame leer Vernon , over there , be in on the hit . James ' eye close . crabtree look over at grady . crabtree that be good . grady he hear everything we be say . just then , Hannah Green bounce up in she red boot . hannah GREEN come on . teach . I want you to dance with I . 30 int . dancefloor - moment later 30 grady and Hannah , reflect in bit and piece in the jack 'o lantern wail of mirrore tile , slow - dance to a sexy , measure blue . hannah GREEN I have be re-read arsonist 's daughter . it 's so beautiful , grady . so natural . it 's like ail you sentence always exist , just wait around in style Heaven , or wherever , for you to fetch they down . grady I thank you . hannah GREEN and I love the inscription you write to I . only I be not quite the downy innocent you think I be . grady I hope that be not true . we need all the downy innocent we can get . grady spy the corner table , watch crabtree say something to q and then , casually , stroke a lock of hair from James leer 's forehead . hannah GREEN so what be you go to do ? grady do ? hannah GREEN I just mean , I -- I guess Emily be not go to be there when you get home . grady look down into Hannah 's translucent face , then catch a glimpse of himself in the fracture , wail . the tile that would reflect he head be miss . grady be you hold I up or be I drag you down ? Hannah snuggle closer , lay she head on grady 's chest . hannah GREEN shush . 31 ext . parking lot - hi - hat club ( 2 am ) grady , limping on he bad ankle , carry James to Hannah 's rumple renault , prop he against the fender . grady look , Hannah . when you get he home ... make sure he 's ail right . before you leave . okay ? hannah GREEN I would if I know where I be take he . grady Hannah , be you tell I you do not know where James leer life ? hannah GREEN some apartment somewhere . but I have never see it . grady that strike I as odd . hannah GREEN James be odd . I know he have a aunt in sewickley Heights . I drop he there once , but ... ( remember ) come to think of it , it - be not even he aunt 's house . he say she work there . or something . I do not remember . James mumble , start to slide onto the hood of the car . jame leer mmhmmm .. . . knap ...sap .... grady what 's he say ? hannah GREEN his bag . you know that ratty green thing he 's always carry around . he must have leave it inside . grady hh-uh . last time I see it be ... grady glance at the idling galaxie across the street . crabtree and q huddle inside . grady shit . he must have leave it back at thaw . in the auditorium . jame leer ( delirious , but insistent ) mmrrmmm .. . knap sap ! grady frown in annoyance , open the passenger door . grady ( cont would ) all right . take he to my place . he can crash on the sofa . hannah GREEN the one in you office ? it 's the best one .for nap . grady I do not think it really matter , Hannah . we could probably stand he up in the garage with the snow shovel at this point . as grady lower James into the seat , he whimper , curl into a bail . Hannah turn she puppy dog eye on grady . grady ail right . in my office . as grady start to turn away , Hannah 's finger graze he face . hannah GREEN hey . if you want to talk later ... I will be up . grady watch she fold she lovely self into the car and drive away . he sigh , cross to the galaxie , and just have he hand on the doorhandle when a tiny figure appear . Vernon hardapple . vernon hardapple you drive this car ? grady Excuse I ? vernon hardapple this 1966 maroon Ford galaxie 500 . you drive this car ? grady it 's mine . vernon hardapple bullshit . it 's mine , motherfucker . grady you must be mistaken . vernon hardapple bullshit . grady shake he head wearily , open the door . grady go home to you mother , Vernon . 32 int . galaxie grady slide in next to q , put the car in gear , and start to pull away . as he glance in the rearview , he see crabtree smile darkly in the backseat . grady all right , what 's the matter ? crabtree just keep smile . grady Christ , crab , what do you expect I to do ? the kid 's practically in a coma . crabtree tripp . grady yes . crabtree hit you brake . grady flick he eye from the rearview mirror just as a shadow loom in he headlight . as he squash the break pedal , q 's eyeglasses go fly into the windshield . q ( squinting ) oh my God ! what be that ? it 's Vernon , wave he arm , he shadow enormous in the beam of light . grady what 's this guy 's problem ? crabtree just go around he . grady tap the accelerator , but each time , Vernon dance back in front of grady 's grille . grady shit . crabtree back up . go out the other way . grady throw the car in reverse , back straight up , then turn up a one - way street . he shoot down the alley behind the hi-hat , turn onto the adjoin street , ..and watch in amazement as Vernon materialize from behind the high wooden fence that run parallel to the galaxie . as grady pinch the brake , Vernon grin . grady now what ? q ( mischievously ) you could always go over he . then , as the three man watch , Vernon rock back on he heel and -- with a gymnast 's precision - pitch himself onto the galaxie 's big hood . he -land on he ass , slide smoothly off , then take a deep bow and disappear into the night . q what just happen ? grady peer at the wrinkle asterisk on he hood . grady I just have my car jump on . 33 ext . thaw hail - night ( twenty minute later ) grady stop the car in the red zone and get out . grady wait here . I will be right back . crabtree where would we go ? 34 int . lobby the janitor , the same shaggy - haire kid grady see rigging the Word fest banner earlier , be struggle with a balky floor waxer as grady step up to the double door and slap he hand against the glass . janitor it 's open . grady push on the door and it open . janitor ( cont would ) hey , Professor tripp. ( off grady 's look ) traxler . Sam . I take you class freshman year . then I drop out of school . grady I hope it be not my fault . traxler ( take he seriously ) no . I guess you be here for the backpack . grady oh .. .yeah . 35 int . auditorium the knapsack be sit on one of the metal fold chair as Sam and gradyenter the silent hail . traxler I see the manuscript inside . so when you show up , I figure . . . grady lift the knapsack , peer inside . there be no title page to the manuscript , just the word the Love parade and then , halfway down , text . traxler be it good ? grady ( read ) I do not know . it might be ... 36 CUT 37 ext . thaw hall - night - a moment later grady step outside , close the flap of the knapsack and , hunching he shoulder against the cold ... stop . crabtree . q. the car . go . 38 int . traxler's honda - night traxler give grady a ride in he Honda , one of the original hondas best suite for sidewalk drive . the backseat bulge with a huge amplifier and bass guitar . traxler say , Professor tripp , be ail that stuff true about errol Flynn ? how he use to put coke on he dick . to make himself , you know , like , last longer ? grady Christ , traxler . how the hell should I know ? traxler well , jeez , you be read he biography , be not you ? Sam point and grady glance at the knapsack riding on the seat between he and Sam . a book ' - bear errol flynn' picture --is tuck into the side pouch . grady oh , right . yeah , that 's true . he use to rub ail kind of thing on it . paprika . Ground lamb . traxler sick . 39 ext . saskell's house - night ( moment later ) Sam bring the car to a cough idle across the street from the gaskell 's house . traxler wow , check out that greenhouse . be that you wife ? grady gaze at Sara , a .vaporous blur in the greenhouse . grady no , my wife 's out of town . just then , the Honda fill with light . headlight loom , then a police car sweep into the gaskell 's driveway . walter appear on the front step . traxler ( cont would ) who 's that guy ? grady her husband . traxler look anxiously at the police car . traxler what exactly be we do here , Professor tripp ? grady ( stare at Sara ) take the long way home . 39a ext . grady' house - night - a little later as traxler drive away , grady mount the porch with James leer 's knapsack hang from one shoulder . he reach above the door , feel for a key , but he finger come away with only dust . he stand , dispirite , then a idea strike . he take the doorknob , turn it . it open . 40 int . . hallway - grady' house grady enter , close the door quietly behind he . 41 int . live room the room be dim but the tv be on , throw crazy slashes of light onto the wail and ceiling . as grady limp by , he find a sleep Hannah Green , bundle in a blanket , T - shirt , and little else . on the floor , near she dangle hand , woolf 's a common reader lay open next to a diet Coke . grady consider the smooth geography of she body , but he eye 'are most powerfully draw to . ..her foot . he step forward , lift the blanket gently , but find - to he disappointment -- only the red cowboy boot . he pick up the remote , turn off the tv , and exit . 42 int . grady' office James leer slumber on a green sofa , drape in a old sleep bag . grady drop behind he desk , let James ' knapsack slide to the floor . he lift he cuff , inspect he ugly ankle , then glimpsis something in the knapsack . something yellow . something soft . grady reach down and , slowly -- like a magician produce a magical scarf - extract marilyn monroe' wedding jacket from James leer 's ratty green knapsack . grady glance at the young man on he sofa , then , look very tired , reach for the desk lamp ... and turn out the light on the both of they . 43 ext . front porch - saturday morning ( next day ) grady step outside in a woman' chenille bathrobe and pluck the Pittsburgh Post - gazette from the second porch step . he fish out a char roach , start to light it , then notice the galaxie sit in the driveway . 44 int . guest bedroom - minute later as crabtree snore thunderously , grady ease open the door , spot the car keys on the dresser , grab they . 44a int . landing - continuous grady ease the door shut , start to turn , then stop , he eye draw to the door just across the landing from crabtree 's room . 44b int . emily's office grady push open the door with the tip of he finger , let it glide open . the room that be reveal be bright and well - order , in direct contrast to the lazy clutter of grady 's office . there be a drafting table and a computer , pad and pen neatly arrange alongside . a bulliten board hang on one wall , bear a intricate mosaic of multi-color index card . there be print , frame , from various art exhibit , and two of grady 's dhstjacket -- include , most prominently , arsonist 's daughter . there be photograph of emily too . in a black turtleneck with friend . in a sundress with grady . in a billow burberry , float like a dark butterfly against a blur of yellow taxis on a street in Manhattan . smiling brilliantly . beautiful . 45 int . grady' office grady enter with a thermos -- pause -- redistribute the sleep bag over James leer 's pale body . jame leer ( without waking ) thank you . grady you be welcome . grady sit at he desk , pour himself a cup of coffee from the thermos , then set the cup directly in the center of a galaxy of previous coffee ring . next , he take a clean piece of paper , ball it up , and - with ritual precision - stroke it into the miniature basketball hoop that crown the rim of the waste basket across the room . all net . a 9 - volt crowd roar belch from the hoop and , without further ceremony , grady turn to the blank page curling from he IBM selectric and space to the top right corner , type : ( beat ) 2611 in other word : page 2611 . close up - the typewriter paper -- darken with word , the keys snapping faster and faster , a crazy clamor that grow and grow until , finally , it just .... stop . grady James I grady awake with he back to the floor , James leer 's quizzical face float like a cloud above he . grady I be okay . I just lose my balance . jame leer I put you on the floor . grady oh . jame leer I think you might -- l do not know -- swallow you tongue or something . ( nodd to grady 's robe ) I guess you really miss she , huh ? grady peer down at the geranium bloom on the pocket of the robe , its overall fuzziness . grady huh ? oh , no . this be not Emily 's . I just write in it . jame leer I guess there 's probably a story behind that . grady there be , but it 's not that interesting . James nod . down the hallway , in another room , the telephone ring . jame leer want I to get that ? grady sure . as James shuffles away in the sleep bag , grady rise delicately and turn toward the window , .. just in time to see a police car roil slowly by on the screen below . jame leer ( return ) he do not give he name . grady who ? jame leer the guy on the phone . grady what would he say ? jame leer he want to know if a grady trip ? live here and drive a dark maroon 1966 Ford galaxie 500 with black interior . grady what would you tell he ? jame leer yes . grady good , James . if the Zodiac killer call , be sure to mention the back door pop open with a couple hard shake to the right . jame leer I think maybe you would win a radio contest or something . be that single -space ? James have notice the tower stack of 20 ib. bond on grady 's desk . grady afraid so . jame leer that 's a big book you be write . grady I think it 's sort of write itself at this point . jame leer wow , Hannah always swore you be work , but -- grady but . . . ? jame leer nothing , it 's just that , , well , it 's be awhile since arsonist 's daughter , and some people -- some of the kid in workshop -- think maybe you be ... grady washed up ? jame leer blocked . grady ah . I do not believe in writer 's block . James take another glance at the mammoth manuscript . jame leer no kid . a loud hacking be heard . grady and James turn , watch crabtree , wear only a pair of stripe boxer , materialize in the hallway . crabtree good morning , boy . James . James wave feebly from beneath the sleep bag . grady ( be : James ' " attire " ) if - you be plan on stay for breakfast , I would put on something a little less comfortable if I be you . as grady move to he desk to reacquaint himself with the page curling from the typewriter , James continue to stare into the emptiness of the hallway . the sight of crabtree seem to have make he suddenly queasy . jame leer Professor tripp ? grady hm . jame leer how do I get here last night ? grady no one seem to know where you live , James . Hannah think you would like my couch . jame leer and ... and before that . do I do anything ? anything bad ? grady well , James , you do shoot the head of the English Department 's dog and steal he most prize piece of memorabilia . as James contemplate this , the doorbell ring . grady look up , see the police car he notice earlier , now park at the bottom of he driveway . grady do yourself a favor , James ... hide . 46 ext . front porch a policeman not much older than James leer wait . as the door open , grady appear . officer pupcik good morning ... ( eyeing grady 's robe ) Professor tripp ? sorry to bother you , sir , but I understand you attend a event at Sara and walter gaskell 's house last night and be one of the last to leave ... 47 int . landing - same time 47 James lurk at the top of the stair , swaddle in the sleep bag , strain to hear . officer pupcik ( o.s. ) ... be just wonder if maybe you see anyone . someone you do not know . who seem out of place . suspicious maybe ... 48 ext . front porch grady be scratch he head in mock think . grady well , there 's always people you do not know at this thing , but I can not say there be anybody particularly suspicious . .. wait . there be one guy . tiny fella . claim to be a jockey . officer pupcik a jockey ? you mean , like -- grady horse , right . Vernon something ... ( think ... ) hardpple pupcik stop on he pad , look up . officer pupcik hardapple ? grady I could be wrong . what happen anyway ? officer pupcik huh ? oh , someone pull a b&amp ; E on Dr. gaskell 's closet . and the dog 's miss . grady that 's weird . officer pupcik we figure the perpetrator let he out . he 's blind and we figure he just wander off and get run over . grady the perpetrator . officer pupcik no , the dog . grady just kid . pupcik nod slowly , as if re-filing grady under " deal with asshole . " officer pupcik one other thing . about this kid , this student of yours - leer -- James leer . you would not know how I could get in touch with he , would you ? grady I might have he number on campus . officer pupcik that 's all right . we will find he . Pete pupcik smile , tip he big blue police hat , and turn away . grady frown , start to close the door ... hannah GREEN ( o.s. ) there you be ... grady stiffen , then turn to find Hannah Green across the room in she t-shirt and cowboy boot , look ail dewy - eye and delectable . hannah GREEN I think we be go to talk . last night . grady oh. well . I ... Hannah stretch and the t-shirt slide dangerously up she thigh . hannah GREEN it 's okay . .. I be here when you want I . grady stand freeze as Hannah smile sleepily , push through the swinging door into the kitchen . a thumping be hear as James , tangle in the sleep bag , hitches down the last few step of the stairway . he watch Pete pupcik drive away in he big police car . jame leer what do we do now ? ##### before grady can reply , . the telephone sit on the table next to he # # ## # ring . grady hello ? sara' voice grady , it 's Sara . thank God you be there . you will not believe what 's happen . grady could you hold on a minute , honey ? with a look of wonderment , grady watch he hand ever - so - gently ... hang up the phone . grady how ' bout we get the hell out of here ? 49 ext . grady' house - morning ( moment later ) James , now wear one of grady 's flannel shirt beneath he ratty overcoat , follow grady - to the galaxie , knapsack swinging from he shoulder . grady toss he a ring of keys . grady you start she up . as grady run a plastic wedge over the glaze of ice blankete the windshield , James stare curiously at the key , as if they be some strange artifact , then slide behind the steering wheel . jame leer ( as the engine roar ) how 's that ? grady well do , James . as grady work , James ' face come into view , then ... the wedge snap , splintering into the flesh of grady 's hand . grady ( cont would ) shit ! James blink , poke he head out the window . jame leer you be bleed . Professor tripp . 50 int . aisle - market - morning ( later ) grady and James stand in the sundry aisle of a neighborhood market . grady have a tin of band - aids open and be presently plaster he rag thumb . grady where exactly do you live , James ? James , in the midst of chugge from a 64 - ounce jug of orange juice , stop . grady apparently not even Hannah Green have a clue as to the location of you apartment . grady toss the tin of band - aid into a small plastic hand basket , begin to move down the aisle . jame leer I get kick out . well , not exactly kick out . I be ask to leave . grady I guess there 's probably a story behind that . jame leer there be , but it 's not that interesting . grady so where have you be stay ? jame leer ( a long pause ) the bus station . grady stare incredulously at James . jame leer it 's not - so bad . I know the night janitor . and there 's a break locker I can put my stuff . grady ( try to fathom this ) but James . I mean . .. how long ? jame leer a couple week . that 's why ... that 's why I have the gun . for protection . grady Jesus , James , you should have tell someone . jame leer who ? grady I do not know ... ( unconvincingly ) me. grady drop the basket at the check - out counter and , abruptly , find himself face to face with a baby , lolling on the shoulder of the woman before he . the baby be stare , spellbound , at a display of ... q's latest paperback . grady frown , then detect the true source of enchantment : a spray of shiny mylar gift balloon . a think evolve . grady ( cont would ) ( the balloon ) what do you think of this ? James take another chug from he jug , nod . jame leer Nice . 51 ext . gaskell house - morning grady , squinting through the ten-inch panel of clear ice on the windshield , roil slowly up onto the curb in front of walter and Sara gaskell 's house ... then off . 52 int . galaxie - continuous grady pop the glovebox , take out a pen , and scratch something on the gift card attach to the balloon . James glance briefly at a plump ziploc of pot stashed in the glovebox , then peer at the house . jame leer ( the house ) be not this ...? grady hm . grady get out , then pause , glance at the giant orange juice jug between James leg . it 's about half - down . grady you better ease off that stuff , James . it 's pretty acidic . James take a powder donut that lie on he coat , study it curiously . jame leer I can not help myself . I do not know what 's the matter with I . grady shit , James , you be hungover . what do you think 's the matter with you ? as grady turn away , James ponder this , then consider the ring of white sugar imprint on he coat and re-set the donut in precisely the same place . 53 int . greenhouse - moment later through the steamy pane , we see grady approach with the balloon , enter . he cross to a high table , set the balloon down , and step back , consider the placement . SARA o.s. ) feeling guilty ? grady jump --startle -- and turn . Sara have materialize behind a ficus , large potting glove on she hand . SARA ( cont would ) I can not believe you hang up on I , you dick . grady totally . I be sorry . a lot be happen this morning . can you talk ? Sara nod , move the ficus to another table . SARA walter 's on campus , be the good soldier for Word fest . but he 's a basket case . someone steal Marilyn 's jacket last night . and poe 's miss , too . grady I -heard . SARA you hear ? how ? grady a twelve - year- old policeman come by the house this morning . SARA do you confess ? grady look up , mildly alarmed . SARA you fingerprint be all over the bedroom . grady really ? that be fast . SARA ( frown ) I be kid . hello ? grady oh. right. ha. listen , about last night . there be something I need to tell ... SARA be you limping ? why be you limping ? grady hub ? oh , well , that 's part of what I need to . . . SARA do you pass out again , grady ? do you fall somewhere ? grady no. I mean . well , actually , yes . sort of . I do not remember . listen , Sara , I have to tell you something . SARA all right . Sara settles back , fold she arm . wait . grady I ... as grady stare into Sara 's eye , thing begin to blur . grady ( cont would ) ... want to be with you . Sara look at he . SARA gee , grady , that sound so heartfelt . I do not know whether to swoon or smirk . grady really , Sara , I ... Sara hold up one glove hand . SARA I believe you . I believe you want to be with I . but this be not just about I anymore . grady I know that . I know what 's at stake here ... SARA no , I do not think you do . and besides ... I have not decide yet . grady about the baby . SARA that ... and you . grady go still , watch Sara strip off the glove , drop they on a table . SARA I be not go to draw the map for you on this one , grady . Times like this you have to do you own navigate . Sara turn to leave , then stop , squinting far down the street . SARA who 's that sit in you car ? grady James leer . SARA what 's he do out there ? grady I be sort of help he work through some issue . Sara raise a eyebrow , then push through the door . SARA be not he lucky . grady watch she ripple across the glass , head for the house , and wave . James , slump low in the galaxie , offer a limp hand in return , but it 's too late . she 's already go . 54 int . galaxie - moving - later 54 grady cradle the wheel in he bandage paw , while James sit stiffly , the orange juice jug bob between he thigh . jame leer she seem to take it pretty well . grady yeah , well , actually . . . James look over . grady ( cont would ) the moment do not really present itself . James nod , unsurprise , then turn back to the window , stare at the landscape , still sit oddly still . grady glance at he . at the orange juice jug . grady ( cont would ) you ' be not plan on puke in my car , be you , James ? nothing . grady do not be proud , James . we be in sewickley Heights . we could find you a nice golf course to barf on . jame leer ( sharply ) no. grady look over , surprised by the James ' tone . James blink , look embarrassed . jame leer ( cont would ) I mean . I be fine . I be sorry . I just ... James peer out the window at pass landscape . jame leer ( cont would ) I have get a thing about , .. place like this . I know what that house be like . I know what the people be like . grady you aunt ? James turn , eye flash with surprise . grady ( cont would ) Hannah mention something about a aunt . James nod vaguely , then reach into the ashtray , take a joint between he finger , sniff it . jame leer humboldt County ? grady ( surprised ) maybe ... jame leer it 's my father . he get it from he doctor . grady glaucoma ? jame leer colon cancer . grady Jesus , James . wow . James put the joint back in the ashtray . jame ' leer it 's a bit of a scandal . my parent live in a small town . grady where 's that ? jame leer carvel . grady carvel ? where 's carvel ? jame leer outside scranton . grady I never hear of it . jame leer it 's a hellhole . Three motel and a mannequin factory . my dad work there for thirty - five year . grady you father work in a mannequin factory ? jame leer seitz plastic . that 's where he meet my morn . she be a fry cook in the cafeteria . before that , she would be a dancer . grady what kind of dancer ? . jame leer whatever kind they want she to be . grady ( in disbelief ) James leer , be you tell I you mother be a stripper ? jame leer I be tell you what I be tell by my uncle . and he should know . he run half a dozen men' club in Baltimore before he skip town on a bad debt . grady do not you say you Mom go to Catholic school ? jame leer when we fall , we fall hard . grady amazing . grady take the joint from the ashtray , light it , then notice - with surprise -- James have he hand out . grady ( cont would ) I think you be the guy who do not like to lose control of he emotion . jame leer maybe I just need the moment to present itself . 55 ext . neighborhood ( kinship ) - day .( one hour later ) grady glide down the graceful , tree -line street of a modest , but well - keep neighborhood . James still have the joint - now only a tiny nub-pinch between he finger . jame leer this be so nice . it 's like where Andy hardy would live . what 's it call again ? grady kinship . jame leer kinship . and what 's here ? grady unless I miss my bet ... my wife . James ' heavy eyelid flutter with surprise . jame leer the one that leave you ? grady that 's right . that one . 56 ext . front porch - winter family house grady rap on the front door , then cup he hand against the glass of the live room window , squint inside . nothing . as he turn away , grady see James sit on the hood of the galaxie with the box of powder donut . he 's sit in the indentation . jame leer someone jump on you car with they butt ..- grady how can you tell ? jame leer you can see the outline of a butt . as grady nod , James hold out the donut box . jame leer ( cont would ) want one . they be incredible . incredible . grady smoke the rest of that joint , James , and you can start on the box . 58 ext . back porch - back yard ( moment later ) as grady step onto the back porch , James follow . jame leer maybe she do not come here . grady she come here . we will just wait . in the meantime , I need you to shimmy through . James stare at the " doggy door " cut into the back porch door . grady relax . Emily have not carry a house key since she be twelve year old . and you hip be as slim as hers . jame leer it 's not that . it just remind I of -- you know - of what 's in the car . in the trunk . grady ( a pang of guilt himself ) oh. right . well , let 's try not to think about that . James take another sad glance at the little door , then drop onto ail four . 59 int . live room - winter house - moment later grady lead James through the house . everything about it speak of family . even the furniture seem arrange so that people will gather together , light a fire , talk . jame leer it feel really ... good . ..here . grady I know . it 's the house you want to wake up in on Christmas morning . ( move off ) make yourself at home . I will be right back . 60 int . upstair bedroom 60 grady , labor badly on he ankle " , enter and find a duffel bag open on the floor , its content a tangle of quickly - pack clothes . everything else in the room feel of another time . photograph be everywhere , document a pretty girl be life , from first recital to cap and gown . one photograph lie face down . grady turn it over and find the pretty girl grow into a beautiful young woman , stand in a white gown next to a young grady - - on they wedding day . 61 int . den James enter , french roll in hand , and see a remote control atop the bar . take it , he point it at the wide - screen television imbed in the opposite wall and , second later , GEORGE sander walk into he close - up . GEORGE sander there 's no such thing as a good influence , Mr. Gray . all influence be immoral ... 62 int . upstair bedroom - same time grady , a pink princess phone to he ear , lie on the bed next to a huge teddy bear . grady ( into phone ) yes , I ' m look for the chancellor ... I do not know . she should be in the main hall ... thank you . 63 int . den James run through the channel , pause on martin milner and GEORGE maharis , riding in they curvy corvette . 64 int . upstair bedroom - same time a Nelson riddle 's theme from route 66 boom from below , grady cup a hand over he ear . grady Sara ? hi. it 's grady . sara' voice where be you , grady ? a elevator ? grady I be in kinship . listen , Sara , there 's some thing we need to talk about ... sara' voice ( evenly ) you be in kinship ? grady yes . but that 's not why I call ... sara' voice with Emily ? grady what ? no '. there 's no one here . I be just ...just .... sara' voice just what ? do a little dusting ? as grady endeavor to respond , two youthful voice , cheerfully singing , rise from below . cheerful voice good Morning ! good Morning ! grady ( yell ) James ! for Christ sake , will you turn that thing down ! sara' voice James ? he 's still with you ? 65 int . den James , in the midst of pour himself a tumbler of bushmills , smile as judy garland and mickey rooney sing they heart out in babe in arm . judy / mickey we talk the whole night through ! 66 int . upstair bedroom grady shake he head , carry the phone toward the bedroom window . grady look , Sara . .. I be not here . .. I be not here to . . . as grady watch , a late- model pontiac bonneville turn into the driveway below he . grady ( cont would ) ... reconcile with Emily . sara' voice be you there to not reconcile with she ? the bonneville 's trunk pop open , revealing three bag of groceries , and hank and irene winter , both in they 60' , get out . a enormous newfoundland vault from the backseat . Sara , eat phone static this whole time , interpret grady 's silence she own way . sara' voice ( cont would ) Goodbye , grady . grady no. Sara , you do not understand ... sara' voice trust I , I understand . I just want to say something to you , grady . grady ( dread it ) yea ? sara' voice how you choose to live you own life be you business . but you be careful with that boy , grady . with James . he belong to somebody else . as the line go dead , grady watch hank and irene winter disappear below he . 69 int . den 69 James -- irish whiskey in one hand , the pride of humboldt County in the other -- watch with deep absorption as Judy and mickey have a heartfelt conversation . then , sense something ... he turn . hank and irene winter , grocery bag in arm , stand freeze . jame leer hullo . footstep be heard on the staircase and grady hobby into view . he try a smile . grady mom. dad . 70 int . den - winter house - ( a bit later ) hank winter emerge from the bathroom with a roll of tape , a bottle of alcohol , and some cotton wool . hank well , it 's infect , I can tell you that . I be just go to clean it up a bit . it 's up to you to -find someone who know what they be do . here . put you foot up . grady put he foot up on hank 's lazy - Boy , then notice a book lie face down on the seat . the author on the back cover look as if he 's try very hard to look consequential . to he surprise , grady realize the author be himself . hank so he 's one of you student , this boy ? grady glance into the live room , where James and irene sit on a long couch together , sip something hot . James be look out the window , a curious expression on he face . grady look out he own window , see the newfoundland sniff curiously at - the galaxie 's trunk . when he glance back into the live room , he and James make brief eye contact , then blink , look away . grady yes . he 's a good kid . maybe a little mess up . hank well , I be sure with the proper guidance he will be fine . grady try to read hank 's face --- be he mess with he ? -- but hank give nothing away . grady nod to the book . grady what make you pull out that old thing ? hank ( shrugging ) I be think of you . grady and ? hank it 's no arsonist 's daughter , but I guess you know that . it 's a young man 's book . it get I remember how it feel to be young . grady maybe I should read it . hank oh , I do not think there 's any danger of you aging prematurely , grady . grady do not have to read hank 's face this time . grady where 's Emily , hank ? hank I 'do not know if she would want I to tell you that , grady . grady I be not go to stalk she . hank . I just . .. want to know where I stand . hank look up , incredulous . hank where you stand ? grady ( embarrassed ) l- just want to say I be sorry . hank she 's in Philadelphia see Linda aahby . the neurologist . grady neurologist ? why ? what 's wrong ? hank ( frown ) nothing 's wrong . they go to wellesley together . grady ( sheepishly ) oh. right. Linda ... I have not be do a lot of sleep lately . my editor 's in town and I have the book to finish and -- hank ah , right . the book . grady start to continue , then stop , cow by something in hank 's tone , something dismissive . instead , he look away , toward the live room , and catch sight of James again , sit alone now with he big cup of cocoa . grady listen , hank , I be sorry about ail this . I do not come here to upset you and irene . I want you to know that . hank why do you come here , grady ? grady gesture vaguely . grady I - just want to see she , I guess -- Emily . and to see you too - you and irene . and to let everyone know that , even though it may be difficult to comprehend now , this - everything that 's happen - it 's not forever . it do not mean " Goodbye . " hank give I a break , grady . hank snap off the tape , slap grady 's ankle . hank you be do . 71 int . galaxie - moving - dusk 71 grady glower darkly at the road , then put he hand up against the HEATING vent which , apparently , be not put out any heat . jame leer I be have a really good time , Professor tripp . grady glance over , see James burrow into the Ziploc . grady I be really happy for you , James . but do I a favor , will you ? Lay off my dope . that stuff 's not for amateur . James look at Ziploc as grady fiddle with the heat lever . jame leer I just want a little sip . grady ( squinting at he ) I just want a little sip ? tell I , James , exactly what point be it that you turn into serpent Boy ? jame leer probably about the time you give I the codeine pill last night . grady stop with the heater , glance over at James , whose face bear not the slight trace of irony . grady Jesus ... ( think , then . . . ) look , James , you appear to possess - like many a aspire writer before you , by the way - a rather ardent affinity for the stuff of which dream be make . however , I ' think it 's best if , for the moment at least ( take the Ziploc ) ... we abstain . jame leer you be mad at I , be not you ? grady what ? jame leer you be mad because I shot you girlfriend 's dog . grady it be not she dog . it 's she husband 's -- ( stop ) who say anything about girlfriend ? James eye shift slowly , as if to ' say : who be you kid ? grady okay , James , I wish you have not shot my girlfriend 's dog . even though poe and I be not exactly what you would call simpatico , that 's no reason for he to take two in the chest . still , the fact remain that I be the one who take you up into the chancellor 's bedroom . I be the one who have to take the blame . i- do not know what the hell I be think . jame leer sure you do . you be think : ' that 's no cap gun in that kid 's overcoat . ' you be think ' I can not let that kid get on . the bus alone - he might never get on the bus again . ' you be think : ' I have get to find a way to distract this kid . ' so you do . it be -- in its way - - a noble act . grady thanks for the halo , James , but I have . never do that much think ahead in my " life -ever . James look - out the window , ponder this . jame leer so , why do you take I up there ? grady ( feel for the heat again ) I - don ' t know , James . I do n ' t know why I do half the thing I do . who do ? ( look over ) why do you wear that coat ? James look down , a little defensive . jame leer it 's warm . grady James , fall semester , first day of class , it be 95 degree and you be wear the coat . James just blink , no ready answer-available . grady that 's why they all give you such a hard time in workshop . jame leer because of my coat ? grady because you act like a goddamn spook all the time . not to mention the fact that every last one of they be jealous of you . jame leer ( smirk ) jealous ? of I ? grady not you . you talent . James ' face harden . he look away . jame leer you be lie . grady the hell I be . jame leer yes you be . my stuff stink . I know it . you say so yourself . grady I never say that . jame leer yes you do . last night . to you friend crabtree . " be he any good ? " he say . and you say : " not yet he be not . " I hear you myself . grady I do not mean it that way . jame leer it 's okay , Professor tripp . carrie , Howard , the other -- they be right . my storey be annoying . they go on and on and on , and the longer they go on the more annoying they become , until finally you just want to grab something heavy and -- grady shut up , James . you be annoying . carrie and Howard do not know what the fuck they be talk about , okay ? the entire class combine - include the lovely Hannah green-has about one tenth of one percent the talent you have , okay ? James stare blankly at grady , then turn he face to the window . he ponder grady 's word , the praise inherent in they . a hint of pleasure glint in he eye . jame leer but , last night ... grady who care what - . I say last night , James I I be drunk , I be stone . I would be bitten by a dog . my wife have leave I . how ' bout cut I some slack ? jame leer ( quietly ) I be sorry . grady and do not be so goddamn sensitive . who care what anybody think anyway ? you want to .be a good writer ? you want to be -a great writer ? then stop give a damn what other people think . most of they have not think in .year . James turn , study grady 's face as it flicker in the first headlight of the evening . grady let I spell it .out for you , James . book do not mean anything . not to anybody . not anymore . jame leer arsonist 's daughter mean something . grady smile contemptuously . jame leer I mean it . it mean something to I . it 's one of the reason I come to school here . to be in you class . to be teach by you . ( quietly ) it 's one of the reason I want to become a writer . grady stare ahead , watch the darkness tumble away before the wide sweep of the galaxie 's headlight . grady well , for that , if nothing else , James , I be sorry . 72 ext . coffee shop / motel - off the highway - evening grady roll into a space near the coffee shop and James slide out . grady stay put , hand still on the wheel . jame leer you come ? grady in a minute . get we a table . James nod , push past the glass door into the coffee shop , and a big redhead in a waitress cap lead he to a table with a view of the highway . grady watch James -- stick figure in black brogue -- slide into the booth and open he big , laminate menu . finally , as if conclude some internal debate , grady kick open he door , step out . 73int / ext . phone booth - parking lot - moment later grady rest he forehead against the payphone as he speak . grady c-a-r-v-e - I . that 's right , carvel . yes , I be sure . it 's outside scranton . grady straighten up , take a peek at James , sit by himself on the far side of the coffee shop . grady you have no list . okay , well , lady -- at this very moment , as we speak , I be look of a resident of carvel , Pennsylvania . I think he would be pretty interested to learn that the good people of Bell Atlantic have misplace he entire hometown . it 's not like I be make this up as I go along -- grady stop , he own word ringing in he head . grady ( cont would ) never mind . my mistake . 74 ext . galaxie - parking lot 74 grady upend James ' knapsack , sift through : a autographed postcard of france farmer . a wrinkle box of chiclet . nothing . then he notice errol flynn be eyebrow peek at he from the knapsack 's side pouch . he take the book , open it . bingo . a library notice : James seiwyn leer be three week overdue . under address it say only : " on file . " but if one be to dial the phone number , odd be it will not be the night janitor at the Greyhound depot who pick up . 75 int . booth - coffee shop - night ( later ) the remain of a fried clam sandwich sit before James as he turn he attention to a giant piece of lemon meringue pie . grady sip only coffee , steal glance at the car that whip by on the highway beyond the window . jame leer want a bite ? grady no thanks . jame leer that 's why you be have they . you spell . grady spell ? Jesus , James , you make it sound like we be in a Tennessee Williams play . I do not have spell . jame leer what would you call they then ? grady I do not know . ...' episode . ' James shrug , spear a fluffy chunk of pie . jame leer it 's because you do not eat . grady I eat . jame leer when ? grady when nobody 's look . grady watch a pair of headlight approach ... jame leer ( mouth full , garble ) I just worry about you , that 's all . ... then pass . James ' word finally register . grady look at he . grady you just worry about yourself , James . okay ? jame leer okay . just then , a long , pale wand of light splinter against the coffee shop window and a car sweep into the parking lot . grady follow it with he eye , rise . jame leer ( cont would ) where you go ? grady nowhere . you just sit here and ... eat . grady move off , then stop , look back at James and he giant piece of pie , still troubled by he word . 76 ext . coffee shop / motel as grady limp out of the coffee shop , he find a older man in a tuxedo stand in the open door of a gleam black mercede . Beyond he , in the front passenger seat , a woman in mink examine she eye shadow in the tiny mirror of the sun visor . man ( eyeing grady dubiously ) Professor tripp ? grady grady . man Fred leer . this be my wife amanda . grady ( be : they clothes ) look like I have dash a-wonderful evening . fred leer hardly . amanda leer we be on we way to a benefit . but , as luck would have it , the club be on the way , so ... ( snap shut the visor ) we be able to put in a appearance . fred leer otherwise we would have be here earlier . grady ah. well , that 's ail right . James and I 'had a little dinner . fred leer well , certainly we will reimburse you . grady that 's not necessary . I just feel . .. it might be good for James to be with he family this weekend . fred leer well , of course , we can understand that . grady consider the two glitter ghost before he . they seem to be wait . just wait . grady well . let I go get he . grady turn for the coffee shop , then stop , look back . grady ( cont would ) I " hope you will not consider this forward of I , amanda , but I wonder if I might ask . ..did you ever attend Catholic school ? amanda leer 's eye narrow ever - so-slightly . amanda leer Excuse I ? 77 int . booth - coffee shop77 James be glower at the parking lot as grady return . jame leer I be not go with they .. grady James . listen . thing - thing be a little weird with I right now and I - - well -- I have enough blame to shoulder this day without have to take the blame if something bad happen to you . and if you hang around I long enough , something bad be go to happen , trust I . that 's why I need you to go home . understand ? jame leer I be not go , with they . grady James , like it or not , they be you parent . jame leer Parents ? they be not my parent . they be my grandparent . my parent be dead . grady stare at - James wearily . jame leer I swear . my father have he own airplane he use to fly up to Quebec . one Christmas , he and my mom be fly up to we house in the laurentian when the plane go down . it be in the newspaper . grady do not flinch , unpersuaded . jame leer I 'swear . my father be a senior vice president at dravo . my mother be a socialite . her maiden name be guggenheim . grady start to protest , then pause . grady I remember that . five or six year ago . jame leer six . they plane go down right outside scranton . grady ( sardonically ) near carvel ? jame leer I be sorry about all that . I just - I do not like to talk about my family . they treat I like a freak . ( nodd towards amanda ) she make I sleep in . the basement of my own house . it 's mine . my parent leave it to I . grady glance toward the parking lot , study the contour of Fred leer 's face . frown . grady James , come on . that man be obviously you father . you look just like he . James look down at the table , take a deep breath , and speak in a voice heavy with implication . jame leer there 's a reason for that . grady 's addle brain grapples with this dark little riddle , finally decipher what James be suggest . grady get out of here . jame leer that 's why she hate I . that 's why she make I sleep in the basement . grady in the crawl space , with the rat and the cask of amontillado . come on . up. as grady lift he from the booth , James attempt a plaintive tone , but he heart 's not in it . jame leer I swear . 78 ext . coffee shop - moment later 78 as Fred leer slam the back door of the mercede , grady wave vaguely , peer into the darkness of the back seat . fred leer thank you . Professor tripp . grady take care of he . amanda leer oh , do not worry . we will take care of he . you can be sure of that . Fred leer hit the gas and swing the mercede around in a tight little arc , feathering grady 's pants -- from the knee down -- with a pudding of ice and mud . grady glance down at he spatter self , then notice , sit on the front passenger seat , James ' knapsack . grady grab it , turn . grady hey ! grady' Pov - rear window as the mercede begin to pull away and James turn , elbow on the back dash , he pale face slack . spy grady , he raise one limp hand , and then - as if it be hold by a string - let it drop . grady ( cont would ) ( softly ) hey . 79 ext . parking lot - mqtel / coffee shop - A. bit later grady sit in - the GREEN glow of . the radio dial , smoking a joint . he glance at the knapsack , see James ' manuscript : the Love parade he reach in , take the manuscript and , in the light that rain from the parking lamp overhead , begin to read . 80 ext . grady' house - night ( later ) 80 grady 's house look like a three - dollar whore on a block full of nun . music blare , light blaze from every window , and there be so many car grady be force to leave the galaxie in the middle of the street . grady ( knowingly ) crabtree . 81 int . grady' house - moment later Times Square before the ball drop . grady enter , scan the room , then shoulder he way to the stair . 82 int . grady' office Hannah Green sit on the sofa , twist a long strand of hair around she finger as she read a thick manuscript . grady ( enter ) hey . hannah GREEN grady ! she slap the page she be read back onto the stack at she thigh . grady stare . the manuscript . it 's he . hannah GREEN ( embarrassed ) I know I should not have , but there it be , just sort of lie out , and I could not resist and - and -- I suck . grady no , it 's okay . I just can not believe I leave it out in the open like that . crabtree have not be in here , have he ? poke around ? hannah GREEN I do not know - - maybe - I do not think so . grady 's mind race with unfortunate possibility , but only briefly : he immediate thought be elsewhere . grady listen , Hannah . you do not remember where that aunt work , do you ? James ' aunt . hannah GREEN he shot the chancellor 's dog , do not he ? the blind one . grady actually , he 's not the chancellor ' s-- what ? hannah GREEN at first the police think he just run away , but this afternoon Dr. gaskell find some blood spot on the carpet - grady Jesus . hannah GREEN crabtree say it sound like something James would be mess up in . grady crabtree ? he do not even know James . hannah GREEN who do ? just then , crabtree 's voice bellow in the hallway outside . crabtree ( o.s. ) trip ?! where be you ' grady look anxiously toward the door . grady the aunt , Hannah . where do you take James that day ? hannah GREEN I tell you , sewickly Heights . grady but where ? I need the street . hannah GREEN I do not know , grady . I just drop he on a corner . crabtree ( o.s. ) trip ?! grady shit . as grady start to turn away , Hannah hook she finger inside he belt buckle . hannah GREEN no ! do not go . I have be wait ail night for you . grady look at Hannah 's hand , where it rest . he look terrify . grady listen , Hannah , I be flatter , really , but right now I - - crabtree ( burst in ) tripp , where the hell . . . crabtree stop , take in the tableau before he . crabtree ( cont would ) oh , I be sorry . be I interrupt a. student - teacher conference ? grady delicately remove Hannah 's hand from he buckle , point at crabtree . grady you stay there . crabtree what ? ohhhh . be that ... it ? crabtree cock he head toward the ream of paper stack on grady 's desk . crabtree honestly , tripp . do you actually think I would sneak in here and read you book without ask you ? grady gee , I do not know . crab . I do not seem to remember you actually ask I if you could invite 200 people over to trash my live room . crabtree sometimes we have to improvise . grady ( ignore he ) think , Hannah . do James have any friend . I mean , besides you and . ..me ? crabtree James ? my James ? what 's happen ? grady nothing , he 's just be sort of , I do not know .. . kidnap . crabtree kidnap ? by who ? grady his parent . crabtree good God . let 's go rescue he . grady good idea . crab . only one problem . I do not know where they live . crabtree ah . wait a minute . the university must know where he life . grady it 's a little late to call admission . crabtree be it a little late to call the chancellor ? grady maybe ... I do not know . hannah GREEN two-sixty - two baxter drive . grady and crabtree turn , see Hannah sit on the corner of grady 's desk with the white page open on she lap . hannah GREEN ( cont would ) they be in the book . 83 int . galaxie - moving - ten minute later crabtree snap James ' manuscript close . crabtree you know -- base on what I have read -- this be a very exciting piece of material , this Big parade . grady Love . it 's Love facade -- and what do you mean ' base on what you have read ' ? you skimm two chapter at 80 mile a hour while gargle methamphetamine . crabtree I have be do this a long time , tripp . I feel this kid in my bone . grady only in you bone ? grady smirk , glance at crabtree , but get a surprise ; crabtree offer no snappy come - back , no antic wordplay . he just stare out the window , he voice distant . crabtree no . I think I might be right . I have feel it before ... as crabtree 's voice trail off , grady study he . grady how bad be it for you ? crabtree bad enough . and God know I do not exactly fit the new corporate profile . grady which be ? crabtree competence . grady and crabtree look at each other a moment , then crabtree smile , give a little shrug , and pick up James ' knapsack , rummage through the content . crabtree ( cont would ) so tell I about you and the chancellor . grady what 's to tell ? crabtree plenty , I be sure . but , for what it 's worth ... crabtree fish out the biography of erroll Flynn , give it a look . crabtree ... I like she . grady peer at the star , he voice barely audible . grady I too . 84 ext . residential STREET - sewickley height 84 - the batter galaxie float up a narrow road , glide through a canyon of mansion wall and the occasional wind drive . up ahead a stone post marker with the numeral " 262 . " grady kill the headlight . grady this be it . 84a ext . leer house - moment later grady -- limping like a aging prizefighter -- lead crabtree up a steep incline toward a enormous three - story house . the leer 's mercede gleam in the shadow . crabtree Jesus . there must be two dozen window on . that thing . how be we-suppose to find he ? grady I tell you . they keep he chain in the basement . come on . 85 ext . rear - leer house light glow from a low basement window . from one side , a woman be heard singing . grady and crabtree pause , listen . woman singing why should I care though he give I the air ? why should I cry , heave a sigh , and wonder why ? and wonder why ? crabtree doris Day . crabtree and grady look at each other . grady / crabtree James leer . grady move to the window and rap on the glass . a moment later , James peek out . see grady , he face brighten briefly , unguard , then quickly resume its usual leerian aspect . he motion with he hand , as if to say , " that way . " 86 ext . basement door the door swing open to reveal James leer , deck out in a pair of red , ink - stained pajamas sagging badly in the seat . he look like one of Santa 's elve . jame leer hey . what be you guy do here ? crabtree we be spring you . leer . get some pants on . as they step inside , grady give James ' pjs the once - over . grady I can not believe you make fun of my robe . 87 int . jame ' room - basement 87 electric candelabras light a large convert cellar whose wall be crowded with movie poster and lobby card . there be stack of what look suspiciously like library book and a enormous baroque bed , complete with canopy . crabtree I like what you have do with it . when 's Captain nemo move in ? jame leer the candelabra be my gran' . grady oh , Christ , do not start on ol ' gran or we will leave you here . crabtree hey , I hear all about it -- the parent , the grandparent , the China town thing -- and I believe you , okay ? that 's why we be here . now go get dress . James scoops up the shirt grady leat he . this morning . jame leer can I -- I mean -- do you mind -- if I wear this again . Professor tripp ? grady ah , wear whatever you want . James flinch , stung , then disappear into a bathroom . crabtree so modest . grady so sensitive . crabtree ( nose around the room ) oh , come on , tripp . cut the kid some slack . grady it 's just ail that crap he spin out . just once I would like to know if the little bastard be tell the truth . crabtree the-truth . I know that 's always be real important to you . Key , check this out ... crabtree lean over a old royal typewriter , read from the freshly - type page curling from the carriage . crabtree finally , the door open . it - be a shock to : see he , shuffle into the room like a aging prizefighter . limp . beaten . ' ( with a amused smile ) sound like anyone we know ? ( resume ) but it be later , when the great man squinted into the bitter glow or twilight ... ( frown ) bitter glow of twilight ? this kid definitely need a editor . ( resume ) ... and muttere simply , " it mean nothing . all of it . nothing , " that the true shock come . it be then that the boy understand that he hero 's true injury lay hide in a darker place . his heart ... ' crabtree stop abruptly . grady yes ? ' his heart ... ' crabtree hesitates , then ... read on : crabtree ' his heart , once capable of inspiring other so completely , could no longer inspire so much as itself . it beat now only out of habit . it beat now only because it could . ' grady nod , he face unreadable , then James return . jame leer I be ready ... James stop , see the two man look at he . jame leer you all right , Professor tripp ? crabtree he 's great . come on , let 's blow before ol ' gran decide to boil you bone for breakfast . jame leer oh , well , that 's just it . she 's be come down here , every half hour or so , to , sort of , check on I . if I be not here , she might ... call the police or .. . something . crabtree hhhuh . so we decoy she . stick a couple pillow and one of you teddy bear under the spread and she will not know the difference . jame leer ( brighten ) yeah . like in against all flag . only they use a couple big ham . grady no . crabtree and James turn . grady I have get something better than a teddy bear . CUT to : poe -- as he 's lower delicately onto James ' bed . 88 int . jame ' room - basement ( a few minute later ) grady strategically arrange the coverlet , gently adjust poe 's head so only a tuft of fur show . he step back , join crabtree and James for a assessment . grady sweet dream , Jimmy . 89 ext . grady' house - later the light be still blaze , the front door be wide open , but not a soul remain . 90 int . live room a quiet disaster , the only sound a lp play meekly on the stereo . James pass through first , ignore the tortilla chip popping under he shoe , then crabtree and grady appear . crabtree thing must have pick up after we leave . crabtree pat grady 's cheek , head upstairs . 91 int . hallway crabtree 's door be close as grady hobble into view . grady crabtree . crabtree ( stick he head out ) ye -es ? grady look down , see James leer 's black brogue sit on the floor outside crabtree 's door . grady nothing . the door close , the latch click , and grady be leave alone , the bossa nova float softly in the air . 92 int . hannah's room Hannah Green lie tangle in the sheet , surround by little colony of grady 's manuscript . grady study she , then detect something on the floor . the red boot . delicately , he lift the sheet . Hannah Green 's foot -- finally reveal in ail they naked glory -- prove to be thick , wide , and ordinary . grady sigh . 93 int . grady' office the tv be on . grady step to the doorway , pause . voice hey . a head crane over the sofa . it 's the goatee kid from thaw hail . grady how be you -- be it Joe ? goatee kid Jeff . sorry . I do not even know this be you house until about a hour ago . grady do not sweat it . well . ' night , Jeff . goatee kid oh , Professor tripp ? you know , last semester , what I say that time in office hour - I hope there 's no hard feeling . grady no ... goatee kid I mean , I be break up with this girl at the time and my car be ail fuck up and -- well -- I be pretty bent in general . grady it 's cool , Jeff . really . goatee kid I just want you to know that 's why I drop you class and say all that shit about the university steal my money and you be a pseudo - faulknerian nobody . 94 ext . porch - grady' house - night ( a bit later ) grady sit quietly on the porch step , a joint burn in he finger . to he leave , perch atop a haagen - daz container , be a telephone . as he pull it into he lap , a lamp in the live room pirouettes clumsily , spin free of the cord , and shatter on the floor . grady blink , look away , and dial , just as . .. the clatter cough of a engine be heard and a van appear . stencile on its side panel be : kravnik 's sport goods the van slow , almost coast , then abruptly burst past grady 's house and disappear around the corner . grady frown , then realize a man' voice be come from the receiver in he lap . man ( o.s . ) hello ? hello ...? the voice be groggy . it be walter gaskell 's voice . grady walter ? walter' voice yes ? grady say nothing , as if wonder what he 's do . walter' voice ( cont would ) who 's this ? grady it 's grady , walter . walter' voice grady ? grady grady tripp . English Department . walter' voice I know it 's you , grady , I just ... Christ , grady , do you know what time it - be ? grady ( look at he watch ) I have ... eight -fifteen . that 's not right , be it ? walter' voice it 's three - thirty , grady . grady this be important . walter' voice oh ? grady I ... I ... walter' voice what be it , grady ? grady I be in love with you wife . walter' voice Excuse I ? grady Sara . I be in love with she . silence . then walter 's voice return : even , administrative . walter' voice be you drink . Professor tripp ? right now . grady sip on he roach , respond in a pinch voice . grady no. walter' voice nevertheless , I would like to see you in my office Monday morning . as the line go dead , grady stare at the phone , wonder if he have , in fact , just do what he think he 's just do . 95 ext . grady' neighborhood - sunday morning ( next day ) a car rattles down the street , newspaper pinwheel from - the window . 96 int . grady' office - same time a heavy thhnk hit the driveway outside and grady blink . sitting in he pink robe , bleary - eye , he reconsider the piece of paper curling from he typewriter . grady' Pov - of the page it 's obvious he 's be sit like this for some time . just then , the distinctive purr of a engine be heard . grady peer through the window , watch a cab . glide to the curb below . a citroen ds23 . Sara . 97 ext . front porch - grady' house grady step onto the porch , unintentionally punting a bottle of Iron City beer onto the front lawn .. grady Sara . SARA I try to call , but apparently there 's something wrong ... Sara lean down , replace the uncradle phone . SARA ( cont would ) ... with you phone . unfortunately , mine be ringing loud and clear this morning . grady do not know what this mean , but he 's pretty sure it 's not good . grady oh ? SARA it seem one of we student be - miss and he parent find a dead dog in he bed . grady ( slumping to the porch ) I be sorry , Sara . I have be try to tell you . it 's all my - Sara raise she hand , silencing he . SARA I be not very happy with you right now , grady . but more importantly , walter 's not very happy and he 's get the police involved . they seem to think James leer be somehow responsible for all of this . you would not happen to know where James be , would you , grady ? grady Inside . SARA and the jacket ? grady over there . in the backseat of the ... grady 's hand hang in mid-air , gesture pointlessly to the driveway , where the only thing that exist be a oil stain roughly the shape of North dakota . grady ( cont would ) someone steal my car . SARA grady . grady honestly . someone steal my car . I park it right there last night . SARA be you sure you park it there ? grady of course , I be sure . ah , Christ , the puberty police be back . Sara turn , see Officer pupcik cruise to the curb . SARA I will deal with this . you dig up James . 98 int . crabtree' room - moment later crabtree sit in bed , flipping through the page of the Love parade while stroking a tiny tuft of hair that be the . sole visible part of . James leer . grady ( swinging in ) be he awake ? crabtree I be afraid he 's pretty wear out , poor kid . grady nevertheless . there 's a police officer stand on the porch and I do not think he 's go away . jame leer ( from under the cover ) that same guy ? crabtree peel back the blanket and James leer open one eye . jame leer you snore . crabtree so I hear . jame leer ( study grady ) no offense , Professor tripp , but you look sorta crappy . crabtree he 's right , you look horrible . grady thank you , frankie and annette . James swing he pale little leg to the floor and walk bare ass across the room to retrieve he bvd . jame leer it 's the chancellor . crabtree ah , right . well , I give you my opinion . grady and we both thank you for that , but we be ... we be ... fine . jame leer I be fine , right . fit as a fuck fiddle . grady squint at James as he pull on he pants . grady shut up , James . crabtree so what 's the problem ? grady ( a tad tense ) there be no problem . do I say there be a problem ? as James ' head pop through grady 's fully - buttone flannel , he and crabtree exchange a know glance , at once refer to and exclude grady . SARA ( 0 . S. ) how 's it come back there , Professor tripp ? crabtree who 's that ? grady who do you think it be ? crabtree the chancellor 's here ? now ? grady evidently . ( call ) come ! jame leer do she mean -- do she know about ... she dog ? grady it 's walter 's dog and yes , she do . know . but let 's spare she the detail . come on , you shoe be in the hail . crabtree James . this book of yours . it 's not bad . not bad at all . James stop , consider this piece of news with a look of deep seriousness , then nod . jame leer thank you . crabtree you be welcome . as James shuffles off into the hail , crabtree look at grady , he eye dance with excitement . crabtree I want to publish this . I have get to . I think they will let I . with a little editorial guidance it could be brilliant . grady great . between you and Officer pupcik out there he can be the next Jean genet . it 's be awhile since somebody write a good book in jail . 99 ext . grady' house - moment later Sara and grady stand by as Pete pupcik deposit James in the back of the squad car , slam the door . pupcik as I tell the chancellor , Professor , I be . just go to run James here over to the university . it will be up to Dr. gaskell where we go from there . grady nod , lean in the window to James . grady do not worry , James , I will figure something out . jame leer I be not worried . you be not worried , be you . Professor tripp ? grady I be a little worried , James . jame leer do not be . I do not care if they expel I . I probably should be expell . grady well , let 's see if we can keep that from happen . James nod and grady start to step back from the car . jame leer Professor tripp ...? grady yes , James . jame leer even if I end up go to jail .... James smile he crooked grin . jame leer ( cont would ) you be still the best teacher I ever have . on this , Pete pupcik pull away , leave grady stand on the curb , watch the back of James ' head , frame in the rear window of the police car , grow smaller . SARA this be not what the university have in mind when it promise a liberal education , grady . grady would walter really press charge ? SARA it 's within the realm . he take he souvenir pretty seriously . and he be just a wee bit prickly this morning . grady , detect something in Sara 's tone , turn , watch she take a drag on she cigarette . SARA ( cont would ) you do not happen to call the house last night , do you , grady ? grady I think I might have . SARA and what do you think you might have say ? grady I think I might have say I be in love with you . Sara 's face remain .unchange . grady ( cont would ) he tell you . SARA he tell I . grady and what do you say ? SARA I say it do not sound like you . Sara toss she cigarette in . the gutter , get into she car , and dive away . grady look after she sadly , then turn , see crabtree stand on the porch wear a shirt which claim " ativan chase the Cloud away . " crabtree so - what do we do now ? , grady find the jacket . crabtree oh ' huh . exactly how do we do that ? grady first I see if Hannah will let I borrow she car . crabtree it seem to I that girl would let you borrow she pancreas . 100 int . hannah's room - 100 Hannah , wrap loosely in cotton sheet , smile as she listen to the goatee kid , who sit cross -legge at the foot of - she bed , fully clothed . goatee kid I be tell you , the tango be ail about latent homosexual love . look at the way they dance -- it 's sodomy . hannah GREEN ( laugh ) stop it . Hannah look up , see grady in the doorway and blushes . she pull the sheet up , give a oddly formal wave . hannah GREEN grady . hi . what 's up ? Jeff ease off the bed , past grady uneasily . goatee kid I will be ... somewhere else . grady hey , Jeff . if you be really interested in discuss that business with the tango , try the guy at the end of the hall . Jeff nod -- puzzle -- then go . grady smirk . grady he cribbe that from borge . hannah GREEN it beat ' what 's you major ? ' grady nod , detect a new aloofness in she voice . grady right . anyway , I be wonder if I could borrow you car . mine 's sort of out of commission . hannah GREEN sure . the key be on the dresser next to . ..to you book . the hitch in Hannah 's voice hang in the room like a cloud . hannah GREEN I uh , I do not finish , I ... fall asleep . grady that good , hub ? hannah GREEN no , it 's not that , it 's ... Hannah glance at the huge stack of paper sit on she dresser , then , hesitantly , look back to grady . hannah GREEN it 's just that , you know , I be think about how , in class , you be always tell we ' - that writer make choice - - at least the good one . and , do not get I wrong . I be not say the book be not really great - I mean , really great - but at time it 's , well , very detailed , you know , with the genealogy of everyone 's horse and ail the dental record and so on - and I do not know , maybe I be wrong , but it sort of read , in place , like , well , actually , like ... ( with trepidation ) ... you do not make any choice at all . and I be wonder if it might not be different if , maybe , when you write , you be not always ... under the influence . grady ( stung ) hh huh . well , thanks for the think , but , as shocking as this may sound , I be not the first writer to sip a little weed . and furthermore , it might interest you to know that one book I write , as you say , ' under the influence , ' happen to win a little something call the pen award which , by the way , I accept ' under the influence . ' Hannah nod , avert she eye , and immediately grady feel ridiculous . he start to say something , but instead gather he manuscript and exit . 101 int . live room - moment later crabtree , dress now , study the freight ' in grady 's arm as he reach the bottom of the stair . crabtree want some help with that ? grady ( pass by ) do not touch it . 102 int . hannah's renault - moving crabtree suck on a Kool , drive Hannah 's rattling renault too fast , shifting gear apparently at random . grady ride shotgun , still wear the robe over he clothes , the wonder boy manuscript sit like a watermelon on he lap-look , all in all , fairly pathetic . crabtree let I get this straight . Jerry Nathan owe you money . so , as collateral , he give you he car . grady only now I be start to think the car be not exactly Jerry 's to give . crabtree so whose car be it ? grady my guess - Vernon hardapple . crabtree the hood jumper ? grady he say a few thing that lead I to believe the car 's he . crabtree such as . grady ' that 's my car , motherfucker . ' crabtree hh hub . so . we find Vernon , we find the car . we find the car ... grady ... we find the jacket . crabtree there 's only one problem , tripp . we do not know he real name . we just make it up . in fact , we make the whole guy up . grady no wonder he screw we over . CUT to : bill mazeroski legendary Pittsburgh pirate second baseman , large as a macy 's Day float , he weathered image scale three floor on the brick face of a riverfront storefront . 103 int . hannah's car crabtree take a corner recklessly , immediately slow , and blink in amazement . crabtree Christ , tripp . how do you know ? grady call it a hunch . park in front of kravnik' sporting good be the white van . a few foot behind , the batter galaxie . crabtree I would call it genius . grady step out , strip off the robe , and drop the lumpy leviathan that be he manuscript on the front seat . grady it 's good to know I be still talented at something . keep the motor run . 104 ext . / int . galaxie 104 grady peer into the backseat , squinting against the wind that swirl around he . errol Flynn 's face leer back at he . but no jacket . grady slide in , pop the glove box , and frown at the ziploc of humboldt County . he pocket it anyway , then spy something else . James leer 's little pearl-handled pistol . grady take it , rotate it - in he palm . sunlight glint off the chrome barrel and everything slowly turn to a sweet , soft blur ... 105 int . hannah's renault crabtree stomp on he Kool . grady look very much like a man who have pull off the road to take a nap . crabtree what the hell ... 106 int . galaxie as grady loll behind the steering wheel , a cloud appear , hover , then slowly mutate , and grady realize it 's not a cloud at all , it 's marilyn monroe stand by the side mirror , wear a bright pink dress under she wedding jacket . marilyn I know you . . . Marilyn 's face swim before grady 's eye , but there 's something wrong with it . this girl 's eye be brown and besides , she 's ...fat . marilyn ( cont would ) double dickel on the rock . the last of the fairy dust evaporate and grady find - stand before he in a pink jersey dress and Marilyn Monroe 's wedding jacket -- 0ola , the pregnant waitress from the hi-hat Club . grady oola . oola I never forget a drink . grady I never forget a oola . suddenly , there be a heavy click . man' voice ( 0.s. ) forget I ? grady start to turn , but he head will not move : largely because the barrel of a german nine be press to he temple . grady 's eye slide . grady Vernon . vernon ( to oola ) move away , cupcake . he 's get a gun . grady who 's get a gun ? vernon you have get a gun , motherfucker . Drop it ! grady relax , Vernon ... oola why 's he call you Vernon ? vernon why 's he sit in my car ? he 's crazy , that 's why . he probably call everybody Vernon . grady not true . you be the only Vernon I know . actually , I be wrong . I once know a Vernon peabody at penguin U.K . vernon shut up . ( to oola ) cupcake . please . Inside . oola you ' be not go to shoot he , be you ? vernon I be go to shoot he . if he do not put that gun down . grady it 's just a souvenir . they do not even make the cap anymore . vernon bullshit . I know a gun when I see one . and that 's a gun . grady no , really .... grady lift he arm , point the little pearl- handle pistol to the dark cloud overhead . 107 int . hannah's renault crabtree jump as the tiny pistol at the end of grady 's arm flash , make a feeble pop in the wind . crabtree Holy shit . 108 ext . kravniks Vernon stand half -hunch , stunne . vernon be you crazy ! the gunshot seem to have clear grady 's head . he stare at the gun , watch Vernon wrest it from he hand . vernon ( cont would ) get out ! what 's the matter with you ? can not you see the condition my girl 's in ? as grady get out of the car , Vernon place he hand on oola 's tummy . vernon you all right , cupcake ? oola who 's Vernon ? a rude squeal break the silence -- rubber scratch asphalt -- and grady , oola , and Vernon turn to see Hannah Green 's rattling renault lurching awkwardly toward they . vernon what the ...? gear grinding , tire smoking , crabtree fish -tail wildly , then kick open the passenger door . crabtree tripp ! run! grady do not move a inch , watch in mute amazement as crabtree whistle by , proceed halfway down the block , then turn back for another pass . vernon who the hell be that ? grady a Manhattan book editor murdering a mormon girl 's clutch . the car buck crazily , pick up speed , and crabtree - - swiping aside a flutter of manuscript page that have take flight inside the car -- begin to veer right toward grady , Vernon , and oola . vernon woah . Vernon step into the street , level the german nine . vernon ( cont would ) pull off , you crazy motherfucker ! frantic , grady step between Vernon , the german nine , and the oncoming crabtree . grady no ! do not shoot ! he 's just a lousy driver . crabtree fan the wheel wildly , go into a slide and the passenger door snap wide , release what look to be a flock of white dove into the wind - whipped sky . only , this be not bird . '' - ^ grady oh ... my ... God ! this be page . Seven year of - page . crabtree go into another slide , one - hop the curb , and smashes flat into the weathered glove of bill mazeroski paint on the front wail of kravnik' sporting good . as Hannah Green 's radiator explode , crabtree step free of the car and look skyward . it 's a ticker - tape parade ail the way down the street , end in the frigid water of the Ohio River . grady ( cont would ) ( to Vernon ) I take it back . shoot he . 109 int . galaxie - moving Vernon drive , oola at he side . in - the back , crabtree puff philosophically on a Kool while grady sit grimly with the sad remain of he manuscript : seven rumpled page , one of which bear the watermark of a shoe print . crabtree naturally you have copy . grady I have a alternate version of the first chapter . crabtree you will be all right then . look at carlyle , when he lose he luggage . grady that be maccaulay . crabtree or hemingway , when hadley lose all that storey . grady he be never able to reproduce they . crabtree bad example . look , tripp , I do not want to depreciate the loss here , but perhaps -- in a sense - this -- ( nodd to the page ) be for the best . grady 's eye shift , study crabtree . grady kind of a sign , you be say . crabtree in a sense . grady I do not think so . in my experience , sign be usually a lot more subtle . vernon let I get this straight . all that paper that go into the river . that be the only copy ? grady ' fraid so . vernon ( glower at crabtree ) and you be say it 's some kind of sign ? what the fuck 's the matter with you ? crabtree I be just say that sometimes , subconsciously , a person will put themselves in a situation - perhaps even create that situation - in order to have a arena in which to work out a unresolved issue . it 's a covert way , if you will , of address a problem . Vernon stare at crabtree as if he 's from another planet . vernon I will tell you the problem . you behind the wheel . there 's you fuck problem . crabtree that 's pretty simplistic , do not you think ? vernon hey , pal , you do not start do crazy eight in the middle of the street none of this happen . crabtree Excuse I . do you , or do you not , have a gun to he head ? vernon he be try to steal my car ! grady ail right , all right it 's do . there 's no need to talk about it . it 's do . they ride in silence for a moment , then oola turn , glance at grady and he little sheaf of page . oola so what be it about ? ( as grady look up ) you book . what be the story ? grady stare into oola 's sweet , brown eye . grady I do not know ... oola 's brow wrinkle . crabtree glance at he old friend , genuine compassion in he eye . crabtree what he mean be , it 's difficult to distill the essence of a book sometimes . it - life in the mind . vernon yeah , but you gotta know what it 's about , right ? I mean , if you do not know what it be about , why be you write it ? grady I could not stop . 110 ext . campus entrance grady , James leer 's hollow knapsack in hand , stand with crabtree at the campus entrance as Vernon and oola prepare to leave in the galaxie . grady hey , Vernon . can I ask you a question ? vernon shoot . grady glance at little round oola . grady Boy or girl ? vernon as long as it look like she , I do not care . you know what I be say ? grady watch Vernon give oola a kiss on the forehead . grady right . well , thanks . for the lift . vernon no sweat . only do I a favor ? grady sure . vernon stop call I Vernon . crabtree lean into grady , whisper . crabtree the jacket , tripp . we need the jacket . grady ( cont would ) oh , right . oola . about that jacket ... oola yea ? grady look at the waitress in she pink jersey dress , snuggle up in the silk wedding jacket . grady it use to belong to Marilyn Monroe . she have small shoulder , like you . most people do not know that . as oola smile , pleased , Vernon shake he head . vernon man , that book of yours must have be one nutty motherfuck ride . Vernon point a imaginary gun , fire a friendly cap into grady , and pull away . crabtree stand stunne . crabtree you mind explain what you just do ? grady watch the shrink galaxie sail under a droop nordfest banner , lose in think . grady come to my sense . crabtree ah. well. congratulation . meanwhile , what be James suppose to do ? pray for walter gaskell to come to he ? grady walter gaskell be not go to send James leer to jail , crab . I know that . crabtree do you know he will not expel he ? grady no . but I do not think that matter . crabtree that 's very enlighten , Professor . it 's comforting to know that America 's child have you for a teacher . grady blink , ponder this briefly , then look toward the building of the campus , he voice still distant . grady nobody teach a writer anything . you tell they what you know . you tell they to find they voice and stick with it , because that 's all you have in the end . you tell the one who have it to keep at it and you tell the one who do not to keep at it , too . because that 's the only way to get where you be go . ( ruefully ) of course , it help if you know where you want to go . ( thoughtfully ) maybe that 's the only thing -- that and Sara - - that 's make the last seven year worthwhile . grady slide James ' knapsack off he shoulder , smile cryptically as he consider it . - grady ( cont would ) as for James , he do not need I anymore ... without warning , grady toss crabtree the knapsack . grady ( cont would ) he 's get you . crabtree stare at the saggy green canvas in he hand , watch grady walk away . crabtree I ? what can I do ? grady gee , I do not know , crab ... ( over he shoulder ) improvise . you be good at that . grady continue on , leave crabtree to stand alone , as he walk toward the building in the distance . crabtree I be sorry , tripp . grady stop , turn . grady you peek , do not you ? crabtree I peek . grady consider this . nod . it - do not seem to matter anymore crabtree it really have the making , tripp . there be a lot to admire . I have ... never read anything quite like it . if there be a kentucky derby for editorial bullshit , crabtree 's last three utterance would finish win , place , and show . and grady know it . grady you be not just try to make I feel better ? crabtree look directly at grady , he old friend . crabtree scout 's honor . crabtree and grady stare into each other 's eye . both be acutely aware of the subtext of this conversation . grady well , thanks for that , crab . 111 int . hallway - english department Dead quiet . gradually , step be hear , come from the stairwell , then grady limp into view . 112 int . grady' classroom - moment later grady survey the room . empty chair . empty desk . he walk to a window , the same window he stand at two afternoon ago when read James leer 's story . a chill breeze pitch the fabric of he shirt as he study the barren bench and icy walkway of the quad . finally , he -. turn away , settles behind he desk and , reach into he pocket , remove the seven remain page of he manuscript . he consider they , then fold they in half length - wise . he continue , fold the top right corner down into a triangle along the first crease ... 113 ext . quad a moment . then -from the third floor window -a paper airplane glide into view , soar then drop , soar then drop , again and again , graceful as a dove . 114 int . lobby - thaw hall - later grady hobble into the lobby just as one of the auditorium door swing open . applause swell and he spy Sara stand inside , talk to a student usher . grady Sara ! Sara turn ... as the door glide shut . as grady hustle forward , q , wine glass in hand , intercept he . q grady . I have to tell you . I take another look at arsonist 's daughter the other night . there 's a description of a bald cypress that leave ' I breathless . grady ( push past he ) thanks , q. I feel the same way about the bank teller 's breast in you last one . 115 int . back row - auditorium - thaw hall grady enter , but Sara be ... go . he pick he way behind the back row , scan the aisle . girl voic hey , Professor tripp . it 's carrie mcwhirty , James ' tormentor from workshop . grady take another look around , then drop into the seat - next to she . carrie mcwhirty if you be look for Hannah , she 's on the aisle . grady no ... but grady look anyway . Hannah sit a dozen row down the aisle , hair pull back in a clip , glorious skin gloam . the goatee kid sit close beside she . carrie mcwhirty who 's that guy she 's with ? do not he use to be in workshop ? grady Jeff . he come from a long line of tango dancer . 116 int . MAIN stage walter turn over the last page of -his prepare note . walter and now , as that of you who have be with we in previous year know , we have a tradition of sort here at Word fest . I be speak , of course , of the plum . a anticipatory buzz sweep through the audience as walter begin to read from a separate list . walter this weekend , Susan lowery , of North braddock , find a publisher for she child 's book . the loneliest prawn , Susan , stand up . 117 int . back row - thaw hall^ as a chubby woman stand to acknowledge the applause , grady crane he neck , search the sea of seat . to he surprise , he find crabtree sit prominently in the front row , in he shirtsleeve , smile he spookily complacent smile . James be next to he , now wear crabtree' metallic sport coat over grady 's flannel shirt . walter and Robert wilkenson -- who many of you know for he City beat column in the Post -gazette - - have find a home with putnam for he new Three Rivers thriller . blood pattern . Robert . a short , balding man stand briefly then walter 's voice take a shift in tone . walter now , this next one , I think , be especially exciting to announce , because it concern a student here at the university . we own James leer , a sophomore in English literature , have find a publisher for he first novel , which I believe be call the Lovely parade . grady blink , lean forward , and watch walter smile warmly toward the front row . crabtree give James a jab in the rib and slowly , awkwardly , James rise . stun , carrie mcwhirty turn to the girl next to she . carrie mcwhirty I have a class with he . James hang - like a scarecrow from a nail , wait as the applause slow , then sputter , then die out altogether . carrie mcwhirty the guy 's kind of a alien probe , if you know what I mean . grady , in a last attempt to save James from himself , cup hi he hand around he mouth . grady take a bow , James ! James turn , spot grady in the back row , then - a sheepish grin on he face -- spread he arm , hang he head , and take he first sweet public bow . grady ( cont would ) ( softly ) wonder Boy . walter and finally -- and perhaps not least importantly -- Terry crabtree , of bartizan , have also decide to publish my own book - - a critical exploration of the union of Marilyn Monroe and Joe dimaggio and its function in american mythopoetics - which , tentatively , I have entitle the last american Marriage . " Wild , obsequious applause . grady smile cynically , watch walter take a brief , dignify bow of he own . . : walter until next year . thank you , everyone . the light come up . as the auditorium empty , crabtree shake walter 's hand and Jeff and he goatee escort Hannah Green down the aisle , where she drape she lovely arm around James . grady watch they ail , sit alone in he row , when suddenly Sara appear over James ' shoulder . she say something congratulatory , turn , and exit out a side door . grady blink , scramble up . 118 int . corridor - thaw hall - moment later grady burst into the corridor . ' grady Sara ! its empty . quiet . grady pause . somewhere , a heavy metal door close . grady rush on . 119 int . new corridor grady , limping badly , turn a corner and see a door . he move to it , push past ... 120 int . stairwell - continuous ... and find himself stand in a stairwell . he lean out over the railing , peer down . it 's a steep drop , very . steep , end in a small rectangular space , a kind of basement office , with vending machine , plastic chair , and a collapsible card table . grady turn back to the door he come through , push against it . lock . he sigh , look back at the stair , he ail ankle , then sit . he fish out the Ziploc of - marijuana , consider the perfectly roile joint float atop the bag of bud , but , for once , be not up to it . the SOUND of footstep echoe far below and , hopeful they be Sara 's , grady pull himself up , peer over the railing . it 's traxler , with a broom , a big plastic bag . grady yo , traxler . traxler ( look up ) hey , Professor tripp . grady consider the Ziploc in he hand , look down again . grady do you get high , Sam ? traxler only when I be work . grady hang - over the railing and let fly the Ziploc . it pinwheel through the vortex of stair , land at Sam 's foot . traxler Holy shit . be you serious ? grady as a heart attack . traxler thanks - whoa , Professor tripp , careful ^here ... grady be still hang over the railing - but look dizzy now . his eyelid flutter and he tip forward -a steinway on a window ledge - and as he start to drop ... ... there be a sharp jerk on he - collar , a shirt button carom off he cheek , and slowly , he be haul back . SARA grady , what be you do , you idiot ? grady look up into Sara 's freckle face . grady look for you . he want to say more , he open he mouth , but then ... all goe black as sara' voice call ... faintly at first , then more forcefully , call grady 's name , call so insistently that the earth seem to rush upward until we see that she be ... kissing he or something , and all go softly ... Blue . 121 int . hospital room - day grady lie in a powder blue paper gown surround by blue plastic curtain in a blue room . through a gap in the curtain , he can see the bottle of -glucose that drip slowly into he arm , and beyond , a window . flake of snow fall outside . the door squeal , a shadow ripple across the blue , then the curtain part and a resident with a clipboard appear . his nametag say greenhut . grady I pass out . greenhut you do . grady I have be do that a lot lately . greenhut so I hear . you have also be smoking a lot of marijuana , I understand . grady do you think that 's why I have be have this ... ( grab James ' term ) ... spell ? greenhut how long have you be have they ? grady the last month maybe . greenhut how long have you be smoking marijuana ? grady spiro T. agnew be vice president , I believe . greenhut that 's probably not the problem , then . what about you lifestyle . any major change recently ? grady I have be try to finish a book ... greenhut and you wife leave you . grady be that in my chart ? greenhut I speak with the woman who save you life . you be lucky she come along when she do . grady consider the larger ramification of this statement grady I know . greenhut ( tapping the glucose bottle ) you need to see a doctor , Mr. tripp . a internist . and I think you really ought to consider see a therapist , as well . grady she tell you about . . . greenhut her dog , yes . grady actually , it be she husband 's dog ... greenhut glance up , look grady in the eye for the first time , and grady stop . greenhut look , Mr. tripp . you have a drug problem , all right ? on top of that , you have a bite on you ankle that be severely infect . we pump you with antibiotic so you will be fine , but another day or two and you might have lose the foot . as for you spell . I be guess they be a result of the anxiety you have be experience lately . grady they be anxiety attack ? that 's a little disappoint . greenhut better luck next time . grady so be my friend ... be Sara still here ? greenhut no . there 's no one here . grady I have to see she . as soon as possible . greenhut study grady , calibrate the desperation in he eye , then take a quick glance at he watch . greenhut look , Mr. tripp . if you really want to leave , I can not stop you . but I be go to write you a prescription for a course of ampicillin and I want you to follow it to the end - no matter how stupid you decide to be with everything else . all right ? 122 int . hospital / bridge walkway - afternoon grady sit in a wheelchair , watch the snow fail around he as a nurse escort he through the tunnel of glass that connect one building to another . grady I wonder if you could show I something . 123 ext . nursery - hospital - moment later grady stare through the glass . there be only two baby on display , head dent from natural delivery , skin purple and crazy with vein . grady be this the only one you have ? the nurse 's eye crinkle . grady ( cont would ) kidding ... 124 ext . gaskell house - late afternoon grady pay a taxi cab driver , then turn , look at the gaskell house . 125 ext . front door - moment later grady knock . nothing . peer into the live room window . Dark . he stand helplessly , then spy the greenhouse , stand ghostly across the yard , feather of snow drift onto its roof , melting . 126 ext . greenhouse - moment later12 grady hobble to the greenhouse , put both hand to the glass as he look inside . quiet . empty . dispirite , he pull away , but not before leave ... ... the imprint of he hand , perfectly etched in the frost of the glass . 127 ext . STREET 127 the snow continue to fall as grady lumber down the street . finally , wearily , he stop , sit he crippled self on the curb . he plunge he fist into he jacket and . .. straight through the lining , James leer 's silly little pistol at the end of he hand . he consider the pistol , then look up into the sky . grady' Pov - of the sky ... ... dark and menace . suddenly , a thunderclap shatter the silence . new angle - grady ... still sit with the gun in he hand . grady ( as if address God ) be that a suggestion ? grady sit , blink the snow out of he eye , then two shaft of - light dance across he shoe . a white citroen ds23 appear . it pass . slow . stop . grady stare at the car , burbling at the curb , then lift himself up and make he way to the driver 's window . Sara make a face , bugging she eye a little - mad at he , but - not without humor . then she roll down the window . grady I be so glad to see you , Sara . SARA I believe you . do that nice doctor let you out ? or - be this you improvise again , grady ? grady I be through improvise . SARA Terry tell I about wonder boy . be it true ? do you lose it all ? grady I lose it ail . SARA oh , grady . you be such a putz . grady I know . SARA and you be old . Sara stroke he scalp , take a gray hair between she finger . yank . grady ouch . how many ? SARA dozen . it 's very sad . Sara smile at grady , but the mischief leave she eye when she look into he , and - she glance away . grady I go and look at - some baby just now . SARA oh ? grady ( try to make she laugh ) I guess you have to go on faith . SARA ( she do not ) some time ... grady study she as she trace she finger around the hospital bracelet still encircle he wrist . grady do you tell walter ? SARA I tell walter . grady do he still love you ? SARA it do not come up . grady study Sara 's freckle cheek , she anxious profile , then turn she chin gently toward he . grady well I do . I have always love you , Sara . I do not know it at the time , but I would always be wait for you . my whole life . because you be who I need . because nothing make sense without you . because the best moment of every day be the moment I first see you face . and because when you leave a room , there 's no reason to be in it any more . it 's just a room again . Sara cock she head . SARA do you just make that up ? grady ( shaking he head ) in the hospital . I " be kind of excited about it at - the time , but then I be on pretty heavy painkiller . she frown good - naturedly . grady ( cont would ) even so ... it 's still true . every word . Sara just nod , look away , she face unreadable . grady ( cont would ) Sara , I promise , even though commonsense might tell you ... Sara turn , put a finger on grady 's lip ... SARA do not write a page when a paragraph will do . grady nod , take she hand . look at it as he speak . grady you do not deserve I , you know . SARA I know , but sometimes ... Sara turn , look at grady . her eye be glisten . SARA ( cont would ) you just go on faith . grady look into she eye , then rise , and we do too , drift above the streetlight as grady limp to the other side of the car and get in . as grady snap shut he door , the car drift off , gradually lose itself in - the soft veil of fall snow . after a moment , grady and Sara be lose too , nothing more than a blur . the end