wonderland script - transcript from the screenplay write by James Cox wonderland script written by : jame cox captain mauzner todd samovitz D. loriston scott scene 1 , dawn be in a cheap motel room . it’s day time . ( knock ) motel man : hello ? be there anybody in there ? be there anybody inside ? ( knock ) dawn : ( whisper ) come on , please . come on . motel man : be there anybody in there ? ( dog squealing ) dawn : shit . motel man : open this goddamn door before l knock it the fuck in . ( dawn open the door but there be still a chain lock which she peer out of ) be he back yet ? that deadbeat still owe I from yesterday . hey , look , you get 15 minute before l call the cop . take a bath . scene 2 , dawn be on the STREET sitting and looking at a group of suspicious looking men across the STREET . ( car horn blare ) dawn : what 's happen ? church lady : hey , come on now ! ( dawn be sobbing holding her dog ) miss ? miss -- excuse I , sweetheart ? be you okay ? be anyone come to get you ? ( dawn get in the church lady van and they drive off ) dawn : he leave I . church lady : come with I . this be not a safe neighborhood . come on . come on , come with I . come on , I ’m go to take you back to my house . what 's you name , miss ? dawn : ( driving in l.a . ) he say , '' this time , Dawn , it 's gonna be different . it ’ll be different . '' now we have be in that shithole for day now . church lady : who ? who be it that say this ? dawn : John ! my fuck boyfriend . scene 3 : at church lady house . dawn be using the phone . dawn : mailbox . it 's a message from Dawn . can you have it read , ' ' John , it 's Dawn , I ’m in Hollywood . some holy roller find I on the street , come fuck get I '' ? voice mail service : I ’m sorry , l will not be able to -- dawn : okay , how about , '' John , it 's Dawn . I ’m in Hollywood . come get I , cocksucker ' ' ? all right , can you just tell he to come get I , I ’m in Hollywood ? ( ) - . church lady : Dawn , this boyfriend of yours , this John -- talk about you demon - - he 's bad news . look , I ’m not go to sit here and rattle on and on about Satan and drug and '' dawn : do you have any beer ? church lady : Dawn , you be in grave danger . ( car approach ) be you go to see this guy again ? dawn : that sound like he car . church lady : do he call ? Dawn -- dawn : Sally , thank you so much for you help and stuff . church lady : look , you have my number . call I -- JOHN : hi , everybody . Dawn , l be so worried about you . dawn : I ’m sure you be fuck worried . what the fuck ? you just leave I there ! again ! again , John ! Jesus Christ , what the fuck be wrong with you ? church lady : be you go to be all right , Dawn ? dawn : what the fuck be that ? leave I there again ? JOHN : ( to the church lady ) sorry , domestic squabble . could we have a minute ? ( take dawn in the bathroom and close the door ) dawn : you hold on for a second , mister , you be not off the hook yet , okay ? JOHN : yes , Il be . dawn : no , you be not . seriously , I be fuck scared . JOHN : yeah , let 's have a chat , okay ? how 's that ? be that okay ? dawn : Holy shit ! what be that ? JOHN : that 's the big one , baby . do not l tell you ? dawn : what be it ? JOHN : do not l say ? whatever it take to get you out of here . that I be go to do whatever it take to get you ... back ? dawn : that 's just a lot of cocaine . JOHN : for the weather . there 's a cold front come in from the east , carry with it anticipation , and heavy sky . dawn : oh , baby , l can not do JOHN : so strap you skis to the roof of you car , ' cause it look like snow . Mountains and mountain of snow . ( JOHN be cutting a line of cocaine on the church lady mirror with a tarot card ) oh , wait . ( they snort a line and then another ) dawn : oh , shit ! fuck , that 's pretty fuck good . JOHN : it 's only go to get better . now what do you want , baby ? tell I what you want . dawn : I want to do another one of that . JOHN : okay , okay . no. dawn : no , no , please ? JOHN : all right . dawn : no , please ? JOHN : all right . church lady : ( storm in the bathroom as they be starting to have sex ) oh , get out of my house ! you fornicate , evil little --! ( JOHN and dawn run out of the house together as church lady be folling they ) tarot card ! Devil worshiper ! ( scene 4 : JOHN and dawn tear out and drive over to wonderland avenue . open credit . ) ( scene 5 : JOHN and dawn be just outside wonderland house , they be talking in the car ) JOHN : shit. billy 's already here . baby , I ’ll be back in five minute . ( JOHN get out to goin at wonderland ) dawn : but , baby -- do not , please do not . JOHN : favorite ride at disneyland ? the matterhorn , but -- just keep it there . i’ll be back in five minute , just be on the ride . be it in you mind ? dawn : yeah , it have the JOHN : yeah , do not tell I , just think about it . i’ll be back in one minute . dawn : but , baby ? I gotta pee . JOHN : okay . ( JOHN pick up a pop can off the STREET ) here . dawn : that suck . ( velcro open . urinating ) billy : ( betamax fly through the window . JOHN come out of wonderland place and get back in the car . billy voice can be heard but not see . JOHN get back into the car . ) just calm the fuck down , man ! shit . dawn : ( Dog whimper ) come here , come here . what ? baby ? what ? JOHN : oh , baby , I ’m sorry . I just do not want you to have to do all that stuff . dawn : it 's okay , I ’ll work and I ’ll just -- JOHN : I tell you I be gonna get you out of here . dawn : that 's okay , I ’ll work . JOHN : you do not have to work , though , spend all this cash . dawn : oh , baby ! JOHN : you ready ? dawn : yep . JOHN : you ready to hit the East ? dawn : yeah . JOHN : shall we ? where do you want to go ? dawn : anywhere . everywhere . ( scene 6 : car tear out . drive through L.A. ) baby ! where be we go ? JOHN : I ’ve be meaning to talk . I think we should just be friend ... until you be 20 . dawn : fuck you . I hate you . JOHN : do not you think ? dawn : no. JOHN : you know what ? I can not look at you . dawn : stop ! JOHN : I can not . dawn : do not ! JOHN : I can not drive ! I can not concentrate . dawn : John , do not ! keep you eye on the road ! ( shriek ) John ! JOHN : I love you . dawn : I love you . where be we go , really ? JOHN : I get to make one stop first , okay ? dawn : no. JOHN : just one . yeah , then we will go . dawn : no ! JOHN : we get to turn what 's in that briefcase into cash , baby . dawn : ( scene 7 : at a HOTEL . JOHN lock the door and look out the window , open he briefcase and start to freebase . ) come on , baby . come on . John ... do not go . please ? please stay with I . JOHN : oh , baby , we just hit double zero , we gotta cash out before we leave the table . dawn : hmm ? JOHN : I love you . that 's for you , okay ? baby , lock the door . come here , come here . ( JOHN kiss dawn goodbye and leave . ) ( scene 8 : montoge of dawn in the HOTEL room . ) ( scene 9 : JOHN come back the following day with a six pack in a bag . ) dawn : baby . JOHN : shit . dawn : - what 's wrong ? JOHN : nothing . ( can open ) I ’m okay . I ’m sorry . dawn : what ? JOHN : I ’m sorry . I ’m okay . dawn : you okay ? where have you be ? baby , what happen ? ( JOHN take some valum and drink a Beer in one chug ) baby ? what be that ? JOHN : a accident . dawn : be you okay ? JOHN : Accident . there be a car pile up . dawn : be you okay ? JOHN : there be a car pile up on the 118 . I ’m so sorry I make you wait . dawn : that 's okay . JOHN : so sorry . dawn : baby . JOHN : so sorry you ever meet I . dawn : shut up , do not . JOHN : I ’m sorry . tv reporter : ( dawn get up to pee , and JOHN be still asleep ) the southland be in shock today over a series of brutal killing that occur here on wonderland Avenue early today . Los Angeles police be not say very much about what happen . all we do know for certain be that four people be dead . one person be list in critical condition . dawn : John ... ( scene 10 : bar , david lind be drinking a shot and watching tv ) we have speak with several neighbor , neighbor who say that while they do not know who live in the house , they see people come and go all the time , lead police to speculate that drug may have be involved in this mass murder . Los Angeles Police robbery homicide detective Sam nico be expect to hold a news conference later this evening . hopefully at that time we will learn more about what transpire here on wonderland Avenue . Police be not say very much about what happen . all we do know for certain be that four people be dead . one person be list in critical condition . one police official who ask not to be identify tell I that this be , quote , '' the most horrific crime scene l have witness in my entire career . '' this crime scene , some be say , be as brutal as the Sharon tate killing back in 1969 . david : Barbara . ( phone beeping ) greg : ( david thinking about the robbery , scene of the robbery at eddie nash’s house ) nash , fuck this motherfucker ! itus -- david : shut the fuck up or I ’ll blow you black ass straight back to Africa ! slim : ( bar . david call slim the fense . ) hello . david : the news say four people be kill , one survive -- do you know who ? slim : ( split scene , slim at the pawn shop , david at the bar ) David , David , be that you ? david : who the fuck survive ?! slim : Jesus , what the fuck ? I ’m watch right now . david : I need the swag billy bring over . I want to buy it all back . slim : no , l already unload it . david : damn it , I ’m dead . I ’m fuck dead . slim : listen , whatever 's wrong , I ’ll take care of . do not worry . david : yeah , you gonna take care of Eddie nash ? slim : Eddie nash ? david : goddamn it , keep you mouth shut about that or I ’ll kill you myself . slim : listen to I , you get to go to the cop on this one . david : I ’m come over . slim : no , listen , I ’ll take care of it . david : be you fuck nut ? slim : I get friend over there that can help you out . they will protect you . they owe I . trust I . david : listen to I . meet I up at the house tomorrow . slim : tomorrow morning . Jesus , David ... what would you do ? greg : ( david thinking about the robbery , at eddie nash’s house , he be holding a shotgun on greg , the bodyguard ) fuck you , motherfucker ! david : no witness . billy : David , no ! be you fuck insane ? ( shotgun fire ) ( polic siren blaring ) ( slim call police and sets david lind up to meet they at the wonderland house . scene 11 : police station . ) ( phone ring ) cruz : Cruz , robbery homicide . yeah , hold on . yeah , uh-huh . yeah . yeah , we will see , we will see . right . uh-huh . okay . yeah . all right . nico : Eddie nash ? cruz : he own the starwood , right ? nico : yes , he do . we be take a drive . nico : ( drive in the car ) Eddie nash . his real name be adel nasrallah . he step off a plane from Palestine in 1953 with nothing -- he 's get four shekel and a bag of dirt . by 1954 he 's get a little hot dog cart on Hollywood boulevard , right outside the Seven Seas Restaurant . by 1960 he own the place . now , he parlay the money he get from the Seven Seas into two more place , and they take the fuck off . by 1969 he 's get like 20 - 25 liquor license . cruz : so he 's get friend . nico : yeah , he 's get friend . he 's the biggest nightclub owner in Hollywood . here 's a guy who have be under investigation for arson for the last five year , yet he still go out to dinner with the fire commissioner twice a week . rumor have it that he have get 40 acre in the desert fill with human skull , except he 's remove the tooth so we can not identify them . cruz : Jesus Christ . nico : Close . Eddie nash . david : ( scene 12 : in the wonderland house crime scene ) billy and Joy . ( walking around the crime scene . ) ronnie ... Susan . nico : Mr. lind . i’m detective nico , this be detective Cruz . david : this one -- this one here , do she make it ? Barbara Richardson . Butterfly . ( nico shake he head '' no’ , david pick up a chair and smashes the tv then he goe and get a needle and doe some heroin in the bathroom . ) nico : Mr. lind . Mr. lind . cruz : should we go in there ? david : okay . you guy want to hear a story ? david : ( scene 13 : at the police station . interigation room with a microphone , cup of coffee , and ash trashes for cigarettes . ) this whole thing start with gun . four antique gun that ron launius could not fence . nico : ron launius be you friend ? david : we be in business together . nico : what kind of business ? david : you know , you guy have not read I my rights . nothing I tell you be admissible . cruz : we just want to hear you story , Dave , all right ? david : alright . I meet ron launius in chino in 1973 . we stay tight . a few month ago I and billy come up to Sacramento to see I . they have a small operation here in LA that be really start to cook . nico : drug ? now he and billy deverell be partner ? david : yep , run it right out of the house . 3678 wonderland . billy ... billy be a good old boy . solid , dependable . he want to get out of the life , but the life be just too good . ( scene 14 : wonderland avenue . party . billy take a tennis ball and wrap a rubberband around it and a bag of cocaine ) see , they be get large quantity of shit dirt cheap , step on it five , six time and then dump it all over town . billy : head up , dickhead . david : ( david and barbara pull up on he harley as a party be in jumping ) Business be so good that they need a extra hand , which be when Barbara and l show up . when we pull up the party be in full swing . body everywhere , l mean it be the kind of place that make you think you be right back in the summer of love . I and barb , we would be on the road all day long and all l could think about be a place to crash . but when l walk up the stair , I see all the old friend , all the smile . ( david and barbara be walking up into the house ) cherokee : davey ! yes , brother ! david : I see Cherokee straight off . cherokee : welcome home ! david : ( cherokee give david a pill ) he be one of ronnie 's boy . he set I up , he set I walk . cherokee : right this way , my man . right this way . follow I right up here . david : there be billy , he wife Joy . it be she place . she have just beat breast cancer and find a new lease on life . this be Barbara . barbara : hi . david : she be a real generous woman . ( joy offer david and barbara some cocaine , they snort it ) Nice . thank you . where be he ? cherokee : right up there , my brother . david : ron be in the back . that 's when I first see the antique gun . ron : ( ronus bedroom , he’s got he shirt off and be wearing a holster with two antique gun , he be twirling they around like in the old west . ) hey , my man ! david : ( people all around drinking and do drug ) yeah , buddy , there you be , man . david : ronnie ! ron : davey . david : he be fearless . he be the kind of guy , you put a gun to he head and he pulse would not break 70 . ron : be it hot in here ? ' Cause I be roasting . summer , baby , bummer . barbara : hey , you think it 's hot in here ? I see the Dead play grass Valley -- ( interupted ) ron : ah , must be Barbara , be you enjoy yourself ? barbara : yeah , this be the best party I ’ve ever be to . ron : it 's only the beginning , baby . L.A. in the summer anything can happen , right ? how you doin ' , man ? you see my new toy ? check this out . ( show antique gun ) david : this for real ? ron : yeah , I get two more in the bed . david : ' Cause , like , this be worth a lot of money , ronnie . ron : that 's why l can not find a fence , brother . david : what about slim Jim ? ron : he say they be too high profile . barbara : hey ! come on . david : where’re we sleep ? ron : you see the couch when you walk in ? that 's where you be sleep . david : ( scene 15 : david thinking about he and barbara , he shot heroin in her arm on the couch at wonderland . ) I just want to get alone with Barbara , spend some quiet time . goddamn , she be happy to be there . she have never be south of bakersfield . and here she be in LA , because l tell she she could be lana Turner or Barbara eden . and she believe I . this be so fuck up . ( flash forward : back at the police station ) this be so fuck up . ( start to cry ) where be I ? nico : you be at a party . david : ( scene 16 : back at the wonderland house at the party ) yeah . that 's when l first meet he . he be talk to ron . JOHN : ...rich ... david : ronnie . ron : hey . John holme , this be my business partner , David lind . JOHN : hey , what 's up ? ( contintue talking to ron ) now the deal with the arabs— ron : John , this be my business partner , Dave . JOHN : ( hold out he hand ) oh , cool , hey . so l be just tell ronnie about this business proposition about this arab , who 's a really wealthy business man and he call I brother and he literally have mountain of cash and drug . cruz : ( flash forward . at the police station ) wait a minute , John holme ? nico : the John holme ? david : yep . cruz : johnny wadd party at wonderland ? david : all the time . the guy be a fuck cokehead . he 's up to he neck in the shit . nico : wait , who 's John holme ? cruz : the porn king . Sam , the guy 's a legend . nico : never hear of he . david : I know who he be , but l be not go to make a big thing out of it . he blow I off , too . JOHN : ( back at the wonderland party ) ron , I ’m not fuck lie , man . just hear I out on it . janet : be you John holme ? JOHN : no. ron : come on , John , do not lie to she . what 's you name , baby ? janet : Janet . ron : you wanna see it ? janet : yeah . ron : yeah ? show she , John . JOHN : ron , stop . ron : show she . or I will fuck shoot it , man . JOHN : look , man that could be load . ( gunshot ) ron : I ’ll fuck shoot it , man . JOHN : ( JOHN unzip he pant and pull out he 13 and a half in cock . ) party guy : wow . party girl : can I touch it ? ron : yeah , baby , go ahead . ( girl grab JOHN holme cock and feel it ) JOHN : enjoy you evening , lady . ron : ( hand JOHN a packet of cocaine ) put it in you pants , John . the whole party do not come to see you cock . cruz : ( flash forward . at the police station ) I do not understand . why do John holme hang out in wonderland ? david : he burnt every other drug dealer in town . ronnie be the only guy who would let he hang out . John be a scumbag . Stone thief . guy 's bad news . but ronnie ... he like the novelty . and John ...he like we drug . joy : ( scene 16 : back at the wonderland house , the next day . ) baby , I need a hit real bad . billy : I make the call , there 's nothing around till the weekend . joy : yeah , I can not wait that long . do you talk to diaz ? billy : nobody 's hold . david : I know a gal out in tarzana ... who might be able to make a phone call . billy : Works at Captain pizza ? ron : Fucking pizza joint , man ? you think I want some fuck pizza ? you think I ’m hungry ? the only thing l want right now be some dope , man . JOHN : the arab 's get some China White . david : ( flash forward . at the police station ) LA be dry , no one be hold , but ronnie be look for a long shot , he be dope sick . nico : so the arab be Eddie nash ? david : but l do not realize that till later -- I ’ll get to that . ( at the wonderland house , ron put the stolen antique gun in a bag and give they to JOHN holme ) so holme offer to do we a favor -- he say he will take ronnie 's antique gun up to the arab to trade for as much China and blow as he could get . sounded like a good plan , but only he 's go eight hour . ( flash forward . at the police station ) finally , he come back in , high as a kite , empty-hand -- of course , he have a story . ron : ( scene 17 : at the wonderland house ) where be he ? it 's a 10 Minute drive . I ’m go to kill this snake . david : the guy 's a basehead , ronnie . what do you want ? ron : do you get it ? JOHN : oh , man . the arab be like crazy - man psycho . he 's base for three day straight . he keep I prisoner , man . ron : ( ron jump off the couch and lung at JOHN holme who just sit down . ron pull out a gun and be go to kill JOHN ) he fuck steal the gun -- bullshit , you scumbag ! JOHN : where would l go with a lame - ass story like that ? billy : ron , ron , ron ! ronnie , no , not in my house . david : ( at the police station ) it be bullshit ! ronnie be furious . billy give John ... billy : ( at wonderland house ) two day -- you have two day . the money or the gun in two day . and next time l be not gonna worry about you brain on my wall . now get the fuck out of here . david : ( flash forward : at the police station ) needless to say , we do not see John for the next couple of week . so l figure we will never see he again . but two week later ... ron : ( scene 17 : at the wonderland house ) so Susan 's come down . david : you wife ? ron : yeah , next week , man . david : she 's not gonna bug we ? ron : no , no . davey , it 's -- Holy shit . look who just walk in . ( walk toward JOHN ) - hey , John ... JOHN : - ron , I get something big for you . ron : ( they walk into the bedroom , JOHN , ron , david , and billy . ron pull out a gun and be go to kill JOHN . ) I ’m gonna whack this motherfucker right now ! JOHN : look , I be at the arab 's last Tuesday ( ron punch JOHN in the stomach ) -- ahh ! ron : do you even know who the arab be ? JOHN : who give a shit ? half a million . david : ( flash forward . at the police station ) a half a million dollar in loot ... and I ’m still think this be just some fence this shithead have be feed on . I have no idea . nico : you do not know that the arab be Eddie nash ? david : no , not then . cruz : come on , you have to have a idea . david : none ! I mean , l figure it be junk talk . you know , the big score , long - time money . you know the bullshit . cruz : right . JOHN : ( flash forward . at the wonderland house ) it 's like clockwork -- he 's still get most of he take before it go out and all of the next month 's shit come in at the same time . billy : that 's two month 's worth . david : I do not buy it . JOHN : it 's a goldmine . ron : you get a plan ? what , we be just suppose to bust in there like '' the gun of navarone ' ' ? JOHN : I can draw you a map . nico : ( flash forward . at the police station ) wait , wait , he draw you a map ? david : yeah . he offer to leave the kitchen door unlock for we so we could break in . ron : how many time you be in that house , John ? 20 ? 30 ? JOHN : I ’ve be go there for two , three year . dude call I brother . david : that close it for ronnie . I could see it in he eye . he make he decision . ( scene 18 : night . car pull up to case eddie nash’s house ) we go , case the place -- I do not like it . the house come right up to the property line . but John , John be so fuck convincing . ( flash forward . at the police station ) the more he say be there , the more ronnie want to do it . I tell he to forget about it . david : ( scene 19 : at wonderland house ) listen , man , call it off . you get Susan down here , chill out . spend some time , work thing out . ron : we be go to work thing out , Dave . on a beach , man . maui . david : ( flash forward . at the police station ) like I say , he make he decision . I figure if he be go to go , I better go and make sure nothing happen . nico : okay , let 's just back up for a second . when do Susan launius arrive ? david : ( at the wonderland house ) sometime Sunday . she and ronnie be have some problem so she fly down to patch thing up . ron : come here . you look so good . i’ll get the other -- ( scene 20 : susan start to put her thing in a drawer . she move some clothes and find a hyperdermic need and a rubber hose to shot heroin ) ron : ( ron come up behind susan to cuddle up ) hey . susan : ronnie , what be this ? goddamn it . you tell I it be gonna be different . you fuck tell I that ! ron : calm down . I do not want to start like this again . susan : you fuck tell I you be clean . ron : I be clean , all right ? cleaner . susan : you look I right in the eye - and you promise . ron : I do not want to start like this ! we start like this every fuck time . susan : please , just take I home . please take I home . I do not want to be here . please , take I home . david : ( flash forward . at the police station ) early that afternoon , ron give John some dough to go to the Arabs to score some dope and to leave the kitchen door unlock . ron : ( scene 21 : at the wonderland house ) hey -- John . JOHN : Kitchen door , man . ( scene 22 : JOHN show up at eddie nash’s house . buy some cocaine . montague of JOHN coming and go from eddie nash’s house . ) david : ( scene 23 : wonderland house ) it take he three trip to get it do . finally , around 8:00 in the morning he show up , say the arab 's asleep , it 's all clear . I be ready to go . billy : get he . all right , you fuck honk twice if you see anything . cherekee : sound easy enough , boss . david : ( loading a shotgun ) rock ‘n’ roll . ron : ( snorting cocaine ) I need a snack first . nico : ( flash forward . at the police station ) wait , you get high during the robbery ? david : not I . never when I ’m work . cruz : oh , come on what do you '' nico : no , hang on , hang on . David , when do you get to the house ? david : ( scene 24 : at eddie nash’s house . entering through the kitchen door to rob the house ) around 8:00 in the morning . we enter through the kitchen door , it be unlock just like John say it would be . david : ( talking to greg as he hit he with he shotgun . ) down on the carpet ! ron : ( talking to eddie nash who be coming out of the bathroom with a mirror full of cocaine . ron hit eddie and knock the cocaine on the carpet . ) freeze , motherfucker ! billy : get down or I ’ll fuck waste you ! down ! fuck ! everybody hit the fuck carpet . ( running through the house , ron drag eddie nash to the live room . david be tying up greg the bodyguard . billy be pushing the hookers down on the floor . ron bump david who accidentally shot greg the bodyguard in the back . the girl scream . greg scream from be shot ) nico : ( flash forward . at the police station ) you shot he ? david : graze he accidentally when ronnie bump into I . nico : you graze he ? david : mmm , it be a flesh wound . david : ( at the eddie nash’s house ) what the fuck be you do , ronnie ? ron : what the fuck , man ? david : look at the fuck table ! ( all shout ) billy : who the fuck care ?! who the fuck care ?! ro N : ( to eddie nash who he be handcuffing ) give I you fuck hand . billy : come on . just get up and get to the safe . letus go , ronnie . ron : ( talking to eddie nash who he he handcuffing ) gimme you other fuck hand . eddie : I do n’t want to die . please do n’t kill I . david : we leave billy downstairs . we go upstairs for the safe . John have tell we that there be a safe underneath the bed . ron : where the fuck be it , huh ? hooker : ( scene 25 : she be sleeping in eddieq bed and wake up when ron , eddie and david enter he room ) Eddie ? ron : what the fuck ? ( ron slap her and she fall off the bed ) eddie : no need for violence , I ’ll tell you whatever you want . ron : no violence if you tell I the fuck truth . eddie : there 's nothing in there . ron : what the fuck be the combination ? eddie : there 's nothing in there . nothing in that safe . ron : you open you fuck mouth and you tell I the fuck combination to the safe , motherfucker . tell I the combination . eddie : 36-25-16 ron : ( ron open the safe to find very little money ) where in the fuck be the rest of it ? I will blow you fuck head off , so help I God , if you do n’t tell I . eddie : all the drug be at the starwood . david : ( flash forward : at the police station ) and it hit I . this be Eddie nash—we be hit eddie-fucking - nash and we be screw . I mean , if l have know it be nash '' nico : look , l know who Eddie nash be , so do detective Cruz . just go on with the story . david : ( at the robbery , loading up all the stolen item ) we take the place apart . found as much as we could and split . ron : ( walking out the door with he hand full of a bag of money . ) woo-hoo ! ( scene 26 : drive back to the wonderland house ) nico : ( flash forward . at the police station ) and where be Mr. holme during all this ? david : he be wait back at the house . I tell ronnie in the car to keep thing cool . but big mouth could n’t wait to talk . barbara : ( scene 27 : looking out the window as the car pull up . ) they’re here , they’re here ! ron : ( coming through the front door and talking to JOHN holme ) you be not gonna believe how much shit we get . JOHN : how much do you get ? ron : guess . JOHN : everything ? even the safe ? ron : oh , yeah . JOHN : woo ! susan : ( coming up to kiss ron ) hey , baby . ron : hey , baby . I know it would work . yeah ! ( everyone be celebrate , high - five , kiss with the girl , gathering around to look at all the stolen STUFF ) billy : ( give joy a suitcase of cocaine ) deal with this . we’ll get to ‘em later . ( montague of cash , jewlry , lude , cocaine , heroin , antique gun ) ron : I get my gun back ! ( toasting and drinking ) steady cash . nico : ( flash forward : at the police station ) 1.2 million ? not bad . david : it be a good score . and nobody get hurt . nico : okay . what 's next ? david : ( scene 28 : at the wonderland house ) holme immediately start bitching about he share . he be only in for a eighth cut , and all of a sudden he want more . JOHN : what , be you fuck kid I ? this be not my cut . ron : scumbag tax . now we’re even . JOHN : even for what ? ron : for the gun , John . JOHN : but we get the gun back ! ron : no , l get the gun back . you still owe we for all the coke you smoke . JOHN : ronnie , come on , I get editor that l have to pay . I have deadline . this be not my final cut . ron : I do n’t know what you want I to say , John . JOHN : I want you to say that I can have my cut ! okay , okay , how about the gem ? billy : you want to wait for the gem , fine . Joy and I be go to take they down to slimk and fence they . then you can get you cut . ron : there it be , John . that 's it . nico : ( flash forward . at the police station ) so holme set it up and he feel entitle . david : we take all the risk ; he sit home with the girl . ( barbara shotting he up with heroin ) at this point I decide to treat myself to a shot of h . you know , a little reward for a job well do . after that it 's it 's kind of a blur . JOHN : ( on the phone checking he message ) mailbox . the password ‘’palm tree . ‘’ ( JOHN leave ) ron : ( scene 29 : JOHN come back . ron throws he some cash . ) there 's you cut from the gem , buddy . now get the fuck out of here . JOHN : you get to be fuck kid . ron : no , I ’m not kid you , John . get the fuck out of here . JOHN : ron , I have editor '' ron : you think l give a shit that you have fuck editor ? ( shout ) we’re all fuck sick of you ! JOHN : I get a deadline . hear I out . ron : you get a deadline ? what about we ? JOHN : I ’m just say that 's not my cut . ron : John , I ’m fuck sick of this shit ! get the fuck out of here ! ( ron throws betamax out the window ) get the fuck out , man ! JOHN : I ’m just say '' ron : where 's you gun , David ? JOHN : no , that 's cool , man . ( JOHN leave ) billy : that 's fuck great . ron : fuck , man . I ’m so fuck sick of that fuck guy . billy : be you go to fuck fix that ? ron : we get enough fuck money to fix it . we’ll fix it . david : ( flash forward . at the police station ) I leave the next day—l have to go to sac to overnight for this thing and l leave Barbara there . when I see the news on the television—it have to be holme . nico : why ? ( scene 30 : at the wonderland house after the robbery . phone ring ) ron : hello ? yo , joey . joey , look , man , it 's not a good time right now . let I talk to he . hold on , talk to billy , all right ? billy : hey , man , what 's up ? no bullshit , we be close for the day . yeah , all right , man . all right , listen up ... from here on out , we keep a low profile . david : ( flash forward . at the police station ) billy be very specific . billy : ( at the wonderland house ) no deal in the house . everything happen down at the Canyon store . I mean it . no one in the house but inner circle . no one get buzze up unless I say it 's okay . hey , holme , be you listen to I ? JOHN : no , it 's cool , it 's cool , it 's cool , it 's cool . david : ( flash forward . the police station ) and with the security gate , there 's no way anybody could have get in there without know billy personally . John be the only one who know about the nash hit . that piece of shit ratted we out , let nash in and get my Butterfly kill . captain ( scene 31 : captain reading the transcript and walking toward he office ) you guy be out of you mind . nico : let 's bring in nash , Captain . cruz : he kill they plain as day . captain : this whole thing be circumstantial and you know it . nico : we have bring in people with a lot less . captain : ( captain sit down at he desk , throws the file on he cluttered desk ) you be talk about Eddie nash . you do not bring he in till you get a eyewitness . what do you know ? some junky rob Eddie nash ? Nah , it 's bullshit . find John holme . if he tell you that Eddie nash pick up a pipe and swing it , maybe we will arrest he . nico : all right . come on . captain : you want to nail Eddie nash . Fucking crazy . ( scene 32 : at HOTEL , dawn and JOHN be in bed . JOHN be dreaming ) ( woman scream ) JOHN : could l have a cigarette ? thank you . dawn : it 's all over the news that four people be dead . John . JOHN : well ... um ... four ? how long have l be out ? dawn : for like a day . you have take I up to that street before . there be the house , John . you know , the house . JOHN : really ? dawn : you have a nightmare , you be scream ... about blood . you be scream in you sleep . JOHN : yeah , l have a ... my nose ... on the trunk . I hit my nose on -- the trunk on my nose . police : ( breaking in the door of the motel ) lapd , freeze ! in the air , in the air ! hand in the air ! nico : ( scene 33 : at the police station , nicous desk . ) okay , Dawn , I ’ve get some photograph I would like you to look at . you ever see that house ? dawn : no. nico : be you sure ? all right . how about here ? dawn : nope . JOHN : ( scene 34 : dawn actually remembers the house and she be recalling in her mind the incident . in the car outside of eddie nash’s house ) let I see . more fuck blue . dawn : baby ... JOHN : say you name . ' my name 's gabrielle . ' say it . dawn : my name be gabrielle . JOHN : say it . JOHN : my name -- hi , my name '' JOHN : what the fuck be you talk about ? dawn : God , John , Jesus Christ ! JOHN : shut up ! pay attention and be real . he will cut you fuck head off and take you to the desert and bury you . dawn : I know that ! JOHN : just look in the mirror . I ’m sorry , I ’m sorry , I ’m sorry . just look in the mirror . dawn : fuck ! JOHN : just look in the mirror , just look in the mirror . what 's you name ? dawn : my name be gabrielle . JOHN : take a deep breath . it 's just a thing . I ’ve be with 1000 woman , they do not mean anything . dawn : I do not want to go . JOHN : you do not have to go if you do not want to . you do not have to go . fuck it . just go in and say hi . just like 10 minute . man , fuckin ' a . it 's just we owe he so much money , baby . you look beautiful . dawn : no , it 's okay . nico : ( police station ) do you know that guy ? dawn : no. greg : ( scene 35 : dawn be at eddie nash’s bedroom door ) merry Christmas , baby . nash ! dawn : so what do you want I to do ? eddie : I want you to dance for I . dawn : you mean just like -- just dance ? eddie : dance . JOHN : ( sitting in he car outside eddie nash’s house ) fuck it . Dawn . Dawn . I be wrong . I be wrong . I be wrong . I ’m sorry . eddie : ( in he bedroom ) move closer . JOHN : ( sitting in he car outside eddie nash’s house ) oh , no , no , no . no . it 's wrong , I ’m sorry , baby . eddie : ( in he bedroom ) touch I . nico : ( in the police station ) you have never see he ? dawn : I think I would remember meeting somebody like that . do not you ? nico : okay . this be my partner Luis Cruz . he 's go to give you a ride home , okay ? ( scene 36 : dawn thinking about getting back in the car with JOHN holme , walking to the motel room , open the door ) JOHN : ( scene 37 : in a motel room washing dawn ) I ’ll just keep scrubbing to get it all off . you know I ’m sorry , right ? all right . cruz : ( flash forward . the police station ) you ready ? do you have any place to go ? ( scene 38 : sharon holme be reading the newspaper , look outside the window ) cruz : ( outside sharon holme '' house ) Excuse I , miss ? do you want I to go with you ? dawn : no , that 's cool . cruz : you sure ? dawn : yeah , thanks . ( footstep ) l have no place else to go . ( knocking on the door ) sharon : ( sharon open the door ) okay . come on . cruz : Ms. holme , you sure you do not need I to come inside ? sharon : no , we be good . dawn : no , no . thank you . ( cartoon play on tv ) sharon : ( putting down some soup on a platter for dawn ) okay . dawn : I ’m really not that hungry . sharon : you eat , sweetie . worst decision a person can make be to make a decision on a empty stomach . tv voice over ( connection with the laurel canyon murder ) Police have take x-rate film star John holme into custody . holme , know in the adult film industry as johnny wadd , have star in over X - rate film . that murder that occur up on wonderland Avenue ... dawn : he have not even do a movie in like two year . sharon : well , I would not know about that . tv voice over what involvement John holme may have have in the murder be still unclear , but we should find out tomorrow when he 's arraign in downtown Los Angeles . we be learn a little more about holme ' private life . we have uncover court papers indicate the porn star be currently marry , but estrange from he wi -- ( tv turn off ) sharon : what be you do back with he , Dawn ? dawn : I have not see you in almost a year , and I figure you just get away from he . dawn : I do . I do . I run away . I get away , Sharon . to Oregon , I be there for two month . and l have a job , too . I be a nurse , kind of like you . but you know , he just keep call . you know ? he just would not stop . every day , three time a day . at first I do not even take he phone call . he would tell my mother every single night , '' tell Dawn I love she , tell she goodnight . '' every single night before I go to bed . so you know , I take he call . I take he call . I do not say a word . nothing . and then he say ... he say , ' I can hear you breathe , baby . '' and l know that just my breathe be enough to keep he go so that he know he be not alone , because he have I . sharon : he 's use you , Dawn . when be you go to see that ? he 's be use you for five year . dawn : no , he 's not . no , he 's not , ' cause you know why ? I ’m he girl . I ’m he girl . since I be 15 I ’ve be he girl . since ... that night in the van at the beach , I ’ve be he girl . sharon : you gotta get away from he , baby . you take all the bad stuff and you put it in a box , and then you just put it in a closet and never look at it again . and then you move on . ( later that night , sharon be turning off the light , she sees the wedding picture of her and JOHN holme , she put it down ) cruz : ( scene 39 : at sharon holme house , next morning ) he want to talk to we . we be willing to protect John if he tell we everything . but he 's scared and he fear for you safety . so he want to see you both before he say anything . sharon : so where be he ? nico : he 's stay at a suite at the bonaparte Hotel downtown . sharon : Dawn , do you want to go see John ? dawn : yeah , do not you ? ( scene 40 : cruz drive sharon and dawn to see JOHN holme at the bonipart motel ) ( Police radio chatter ) JOHN : ( scene 41 : cruz open the HOTEL door and lets sharon and dawn ) detective . would you give I some privacy ? dectective : okay , sure . JOHN : hi. ( hug dawn and sharon ) do not say anything , the room 's bugge . ( speak to dawn ) we be go to go talk for a minute , okay , baby ? ( go into the bathroom with sharonand running water ) okay , they have offer I a deal and l think I ’m go to take it . they be go to put I in the witness protection program if ... I tell they everything , everything I tell you . except I ’m not say anything about anything unless all three of we can go . sharon : all three of we ? JOHN : and they agree . sharon : who 's all three of we ? JOHN : you I and Dawn , we can go tomorrow . sharon : no , I ’m not go anywhere tomorrow . no . JOHN : no , Sharon , that 's okay , they have get people that can come and pack you . sharon : no , no , no , John . no , I be not go into the witness protection program with you . that 's that . JOHN : yes . sharon : no. JOHN : yes , sha -- this be the new start -- sharon : no . I ’m not go into it . JOHN : listen , this be the new start -- sharon : no , you gotta listen ! JOHN : everything that we plan could happen now . sharon : I do not want a fresh start with you , John . wake up ! JOHN : oh , listen ... sharon : no , you listen , I be through support you . you think l would just leave and never see my family again ? JOHN : Sharon . sharon : it 's go too far this time . JOHN : if you do not help I with this , I be dead . sharon : you be already dead . JOHN : this one last thing be all I ’m ask for , you have get -- you have get to do it ! sharon : stop it , John . just stop it . JOHN : what ? Sharon -- sharon : do not cry . do not you dare cry . JOHN : listen , if you do not help - that 's not go to work anymore . sharon : you think I would go anywhere with you after this ? JOHN : Sharon , I be not go to survive this without you . okay ? sharon : really ? you do not think you will survive ? you tell I you be a survivor . remember that ? look at how you be survive , John . JOHN : why do you come down here then ? sharon : what choice do I have ? what choice do I have ? JOHN : why have not you divorced I ? sharon : I do not know , I do not know . JOHN : Sharon , because you love I and you want to help I . sharon : it 's too late , John . it 's too late . JOHN : Sharon , look at I . sharon : no. JOHN : Sharon , I know you love I , and I love you . sharon : do you remember that day 15 year ago in the bathroom when you be measure yourself ? JOHN : yes . sharon : do you remember that ? remember what you say to I ? JOHN : I say that i’ve , I ... finally find what l want to do with my life . sharon : uh-huh , right . that 's what you say . do you remember what I say to you ? what do I say ? JOHN : what do you want I to say ? you say that if l sell my ... sharon : that 's right . what do I say to you ? ( John cry ) you tell I who you be . what do l say to you ?! JOHN : you say anyone that sell they ... they body be a whore . sharon : uh-huh . stay away from the house . JOHN : how 's my girl ? dawn : Fine . nico : ( scene 42 : parking lot of the HOTEL walking toward the back enterance ) detective Ward , thank you for come out on such short notice . ward : Captain nimziki explain the urgency . have he back up any of lind 's testimony ? nico : he 's hint . ward : hinting ? nico : he know a lot . he 's just play he card very close to the chest . ward : what 's he want ? nico : immunity . ward : what else ? nico : Protection . ward : really ? JOHN : ( scene 43 : talking to detective cruz in the HOTEL ) how many you think ? cruz : I have no idea . JOHN : no idea ? you never count ? cruz : no , no . JOHN : most man have . cruz : all right . JOHN : why do you think that be ? cruz : I do not know . I guess it 's they ego . JOHN : well , I ’m think ... I ’m think boca . cruz : - boca raton ? JOHN : yeah , be there another boca ? cruz : only one . anywhere you want . JOHN : that 's the only one I ever hear of , boca raton . I ’m think boca ' cause I ’m think of a alligator . can you get I a alligator ? can you give I a alligator ? I can see boca , I can see the condominium , I can see a alligator - - like on a chain . cruz : right , right . I need something that implicate Eddie nash . on the record . why do not you tell I about the robbery ? JOHN : what robbery ? ( detective ward walk in ) hey , Bill . ward : hiya , John . how you be ? JOHN : good . good to see you . ward : good to see you . JOHN : I ’m not talk in front of this guy . ( ward motion for cruz and nico to leave ) do you ever get that cigar I send you ? ward : oh , they be good . JOHN : right , the best . ward : you get taste . JOHN : yeah , you look good . ward : thank you , John . JOHN : what be you work on ? ward : administrative vice . JOHN : administrative ? you get a desk job ? that 's insane , man . ward : I ’m a old man , John . JOHN : I guess . you break you leg or something ? Jesus . ward : no , I ’ve be do good . you have not though , from what I hear . JOHN : yeah , what would you hear ? ward : you be do a lot of drug , party with the wrong crowd . JOHN : yeah , I ’m a drug addict , Bill . ward : I know , John . I know about the robbery that you and all that dead people up on wonderland pull on Eddie nash . you know , I ’m not here as a cop . I ’m here as you friend . JOHN : no , l know that Bill , thanks for come down . and thanks for the room it 's nice . everyone 's be really good . ward : want to tell I about it , or ... be this just a waste of my time ? JOHN : no , come on . can we take a drive ? ward : I wish we could , John . JOHN : you get any coke ? ward : no , I can not do that . JOHN : ( speak into the microphone ) how about a coffee then with like a million fuck sugar ? ward : just tell the story , John . tell I what you know . JOHN : we get a deal ? ward : talk to I , John . just tell I about it . JOHN : sure , I ’ll tell you a story . but if we do not have a deal , then it 's just a story , right ? ward : I ’m listen , John . JOHN : okay , I ’m gonna tell you a story , a story call ' ' wonderland . '' wonderland 's the house everyone on the whole mountain hope would burn down . the lease be in Joy 's name -- Joy Miller . she be a rich westie that get all junked up , get cancer , both breast remove , still shoot junk . her old man billy deverell ... be a kind of a dumb hick who could not really make up he mind about anything without a guy like ron launius around to come up with the idea . ronnie 's crazy and unpredictable , but be always good with I until he get hook up with one of the sleaziest scumbag to ever come down the pike . dude from Sacramento -- biker . this guy , stone - cold killer , a liar , a thief and a rapist . ward : what be he name ? JOHN : ( other room , cruz and nico be listening to the conversation ) David lind . do not believe a word he say . now you know I a long time , right ? I can judge a character . I know when a scene be a scene . ( HOTEL room with JOHN and ward talking ) this guy become the brain of the operation . so when they get too strung out to do anything , then he 's get the perfect solution . ward : what ? JOHN : they steal . the kinda stuff that do not get report steal . ward : drug ? JOHN : drug , gun , money , anything . whatever they want they take -- smash and grab stuff . ( speak into the microphone ) how about that fuck coffee ? now l know a big time fence live up the donas . ward : Eddie nash ? JOHN : yeah . ward : what be he , you friend or you connection ? what ? we hang out . Bill , I ’m not like a altar boy . model : ( scene 45 : on a boat owned by eddie nash ) I would love to show you the boat . JOHN : be this you boat ? model : no. eddie : hey ... I know you , you be johnny wadd ! JOHN : yeah . eddie : johnny wadd on my boat ! I love you movie , man . JOHN : you name ? eddie : Eddie nash . JOHN : this be my boat . I ’m you biggest fan . I see all you movie , yes . ( speak to the model ) get out of here ! yes ... big star John wadd . very big. ( both laugh ) hey , listen , John , you come up my house sometime , we hang out , we party . JOHN : sure , sure . eddie : I make a little coffee , we hang out , we do other thing . ( John laugh ) you know what I ’m say ? JOHN : ( back at the HOTEL ) I know he . anyway , this guy do a big score down at '' ( police officer come in with coffee ) oh , thanks . they hit a mark in West covina and get they hand on four antique gun , really beautiful museum piece . Nice tooling and all that . I do not think Eddie would want the gun , and I tell David this . but l do not feel like get my ass kick either , so I go up there . and I be right . ( flash back to the wonderland house , JOHN walking in ) Eddie can not fence the gun , he say they be too fancy , too high profile , so he give we like two grand as collateral . ron : that be bullshit . Fucking bullshit , man . Eddie nash , scumbag piece of shit . somebody ought to hit that guy , man . there 's long - time money . JOHN : ( at the HOTEL talking with ward ) I take the bad news back to the boy and what can they do ? it 's eddie-fucking - nash , right ? ( at the wonderland house ) then like , two week later they call I in , and David say to I ... david : you talk to nash much ? JOHN : I be over there on Tuesday . david : do he ever mention that antique ? JOHN : they be still $ 2,000.00 . ron : screw that . that be we gun . david : how many time you think you have be in that house ? JOHN : like 20 , 30 time . david : you think you could draw we a map ? JOHN : a map ? what for ? billy : - do not worry about it , John . ward : ( at the HOTEL talking with ward ) do you do it ? JOHN : what , of the fuck palm tree ? I mean , buy a fuck Thomas guide . ( laugh ) ( outside of eddie nash’s house ) so we go up there -- this be David 's bright idea . David , ronnie , billy -- everyone 's sit in the car across the street from Eddie nash 's house ... billy : in through the kitchen . ron : definitely . JOHN : ...and David 's sit there draw a map . I try to talk he out of it , I swear to God , I ’m sit there in the car , I ’m say ... you guy be joke , right ? david : John , shut you hole . JOHN : so all of a sudden David 's get everybody all hop up . then they decide , let 's stop talk and start take . look , l know a actress in tarzana and she 's get like a wall of tvs and like three microwave . ron : what be you , a nigger ? you have any brain or do it all go to you cock ? you want to steal a microwave ? what the fuck be we go to do with a microwave ? JOHN : heat you food up with it . ron : you think I ’m hungry ? the only thing I want to heat up right now be some fuck dope , man ! I ’m so raile I can not even think straight . this town be a fuck desert , man . do indo - fuck - china dry up in this fuck city ? I want some goddamn , motherfuck smack ! shit , David , what the fuck ? I tell you not to let I do so much blow . you know how I get , shit ! JOHN : even know who Eddie nash be ? ron : do you think I give a shit ? JOHN : then they tell I I gotta participate . ' Cause I know he . like know he mean something . yeah , well , I do not want any part of that , man . ( david goe over to JOHN who be snorting cocaine and grab he neck to chock he ) david : listen to I , motherfucker , we be do this . and if l have to whack that ass -grease knuckle fuck to get he shit , then that 's that . JOHN : I could see it in they eye . they have make a decision . I go up there three time to warn Eddie . ( flash back . at eddie nash’s house ) Eddie , I ’m not lie . you just get to give that fuck fuck back they gun . nash : fuck you and fuck you friend . JOHN : but he 's base out of he mind --l mean , crazy man psycho . 10 day straight . nash : you want the gun from the nash ? motherfuck ! come up and take they from the nash . huh ? JOHN : ( at the HOTEL talking with ward ) and I have to admit this , Bill ... I ’m look right in he eye and I ’m think , better he than I . better he than I . ward : what do they want you to do to help they ? david : ( flash back . at the wonderland house ) Kitchen door . JOHN : cool , man . ( at the HOTEL speak to ward ) they want I to ... unlock , like , the kitchen door . something like that . ward : do you do it ? JOHN : yeah . yeah , that thing go down . ( at the wonderland house JOHN come in , david be do heroin . ) get he . ron : ( snorting cocaine ) I need another snack . you get the coke ? ( scene 46 : ron , david , and billy , cherekee returning after the robbery ) billy : we fuck do it ! ron : woo-hoo ! JOHN : how much do you get ? ron : all of it , man , everything ! JOHN : you do not hit the safe ? ron : even the back bathroom , man ! Sue , I tell you we would do it . woo-hoo ! JOHN : after they hit Eddie , they come back to wonderland , I ’m there , and they be all hoopin ' and hollerin ' about all the shit they get . ward : ( at the HOTEL talking with JOHN holme ) what shit ? JOHN : everything . gun , money , drug . and they be not play it cool , either . phone 's ringing off the hook and they keep answer it . billy : ( scene 47 : flashback . at the wonderland house , do drug , jumping around , talking a million mile to one another ) ( phone ring ) hello ? yo , joey , no listen to this , you be never go to guess - who we just fuck nail ! ron : let I tell he , come on . billy : guess again , motherfucker . ron : let I tell he . billy : guess again ! all right , ronnie want to tell you . ron : Eddie nash ! ( laugh ) JOHN : ( at the HOTEL talking to detective ward ) you be not go to believe this shit . they be tell people that they hit Eddie nash . can you believe that ? sitting there pass the phone back and forth . ward : who be they talk to ? JOHN : anyone that would listen . everybody that call . all they scumbag customer . I say , '' ronnie , we should keep a low profile . '' they do not listen . ( at the wonderland house ) cherekee : betamax . the betamax - - out there . man , out there , throw it . the fuck betamax out the fuck window . ron : here she come ( ron grab the betamax and throws it out the window ) JOHN : ( at the HOTEL talking with ward ) how fuck stupid be that ? so l fuck split . ward : where would you go ? JOHN : ( scene 48 : JOHN in a HOTEL do drug with dawn ) Santa monica for a couple day . just lay low . ( scene 49 : JOHN on the STREET using a pay phone ) then I call Eddie . ward : ( talking to JOHN in the HOTEL room ) you call Eddie nash ? JOHN : yeah , I call he . I be plan on leave . I mean , I wish I have leave . ward : what the fuck be you think ? JOHN : listen , l know if l do not call he that I would never be able to show my face here in LA again . ward : so what do he say ? JOHN : Bill , everything be cool . hey , it 's John . JOHN : I call he up , he do not mention anything about the robbery . '' come on up . '' all right , I ’ll be there . right on . well , I step inside greg : ( scene 50 : at eddie nash’s house after the robbery ) johnny boy . JOHN : what 's up ? eddie : hey. brother . good to see you . where you be ? JOHN : oh , you know , around . eddie : well , I ’m glad you come by . I need a favor . JOHN : sure , anything you want . eddie : ( hit JOHN in the back of the head with the butt of a gun ) I want you to beg . JOHN : what ? eddie : I say beg , motherfucker ! JOHN : Eddie , no ! eddie : you think I ’m stupid ? JOHN : no , Eddie ! eddie : you think l do not figure it out ? you bring that people into my house . you piece of shit . I fuck trust you ! you dog ! crawl . crawl like dog ! ( speak to greg ) he 's not crawl fast enough . greg , make he fly . ( greg pick up JOHN holme and throws he onto a glass table ) you know what they do to I ? you know what that motherfucker do to the nash ? ron : ( flashback . robbery at eddie nash’s house ) you like this ? you fuck sand nigger . you fuck greaseball . eddie : I ’m gonna find out who you be , you cocksucker motherfucker . I ’m gonna tear you fuck eye out ! ron : suck this , you sand jockey faggot . suck this . give I the fuck combination . eddie : ( talking to JOHN holme ) they handcuff I . they beat my woman . they drag I upstairs . they put gun in my mouth ! how do they know about the safe ? how do they know about the nash 's safe under the bed from ? you know what they do to greg ? greg : ( flashback . the robbery at eddie nashes house ) amateur motherfucker . you better kill I or cancel Christmas . david : shut up , nigger ! i’ll blow you black ass straight back to Africa . greg : nash , fuck this motherfucker . it 's amateur night ! david : no witness . billy : David , no ! nash : ( talking to JOHN holme ) you see what they do to greg ? show he , greg . show he . ( greg pull up he shirt and show JOHN holme he wound ) they shot heroin in my bathroom . they cut rail on my daughter 's vanity mirror . on my daughter 's mirror ! ron : ( the robbery at eddie nashes house david be shoot heroin and ron be snorting line of cocaine ) yo , man , you want to ride this ? david : no man , that shit will kill you . ron : come on , man . let 's fuck finish this . ward : ( at the HOTEL ) wait a minute , they be do drug during the robbery ? JOHN : yeah . and get this , on they way out ... david : ( the robbery at eddie nash’s house walking out the door . ) John holme say hello ! ron : whoo-hoo ! ward : ( at the HOTEL . nico and cruz listening to the conversation . ) what ? what ? JOHN : yeah , he ratted I out . nash have be look for I for two day so it be just dumb luck I call he . eddie : ( scene 51 : at he house with JOHN holme tied up to a chair ) what be we go to do now , brother ? Mary holme , West jefferson , pataskala , Ohio . Sharon holme , West Glendale . you be gonna tell I who rob I . because if you do not -- if you do not , I ’m go to kill every person in that book start with you mother , you sister , you girlfriend , that niece of yours , gabrielle , every last one of they . I ’m go to torture they to death . and while I ’m do it , I ’m go to tell they it 's because of you . and when they be dead -- when they be dead , I ’m go to cut off you 14 - inch cock , chop it up , and shove it down you throat ! so now you tell I ... who the fuck hit I ?! JOHN : ( JOHN talking to ward at the HOTEL ) Eddie nash have get a gun to you knee and he say he 's go to kill you wife , what would you do ? ward : I would tell he . JOHN : Fucking - a right I tell he . ward : and what do he say ? nash : ( at he house with JOHN holme tied up to a chair ) you be go to do to that guy on wonderland what you do to I . ward : what do that mean ? JOHN : means l have to get in the car with he dude and go over and get inside of the wonderland house . JOHN : ( scene 60 : at the wonderland house . it’s night and JOHN holme be with eddie nash’s gang ) ( JOHN buzy to get let up ) billy : yeah ? JOHN : it 's John , man . billy : what ? ( JOHN buzy again ) JOHN : it 's John . ( billy buzy JOHN up . JOHN walk in and ron be cooking some heroin . ) what 's up ? ron : ( sitting in the wonderland house . JOHN be eying the cocaine on the table ) knock yourself out , John . ron : ( get up from a chair and head to bed ) good night , man . billy : you cook ? JOHN : ( after do several line of cocaine , JOHN get up and leave ) see ya . billy : Fucking unbelievable . Fucking unbelievable . ward : ( at the HOTEL talking to JOHN holme ) so you leave the door unlock ? JOHN : well , no . ajar . ward : do you see greg or Danny go in the house ? do you hear anything at all ? ( shouting ) JOHN : no. ( scene 61 : walking outside the wonderland house ) ward : ( at the HOTEL ) what about in the street outside ? do you see them in the street ? what about the street ? do you see them in the car or approach the house ? JOHN : no , I do not see dile , I do not see greg , I do not see Eddie after I get out of the car . ward : do you go back ? JOHN : go back to Eddie 's ? ward : no , no , no . do you go back to wonderland ? ( scene 62 : JOHN go back to wonderland . he find cocaine and snort it . ) JOHN : no. ward : you sure ? JOHN : no , why would I go back ? ward : John ... nico : ( listening from the other room ) wait , here it come , this be it . ward : ... be you present when the murder happen ? JOHN : no. nico : ( listening from the other room ) stay on he , stay on he , stay on he . ward : do you see them murder ? JOHN : no. Bill , be you call I a murderer ? nico : ( listening from the other room ) come on . ward : so ... when you leave they , they be all alive ? JOHN : yeah , when l leave , they be alive . Eddie nash have this people kill because of a robbery you set up . nico : oh , come on , Ward . JOHN : yeah . ward : and you will testify to that . JOHN : no. have not you be listen ? he be the Prince of fuck darkness . what be you talk about ? you do not know who Eddie nash be ? ward : I work Hollywood vice for 20 year , John , I know who Eddie nash be . JOHN : what be you say ? ward : how do you expect I to protect you if you will not go on the record ? JOHN : I think -- I trust you . I think you could protect I . I do not trust they . ward : so what do you want I to tell they ? JOHN : tell they whatever you want . ( scene 63 : nico , cruz , and ward , later that evening in the HOTEL with JOHN , susan , and dawn sleeping in the other room ) nico : goddamn stroke job . he give we nothing . Zero . a fat fuck doughnut . he do not finger nash , he do not even put himself at the scene . cruz : the coroner 's preliminary report indicate that the murder weapon , plural , be probably striate lead pipe a inch in diameter . nico : they get they skull bashed in . Whole piece of bone , go . Three woman . and that sack of shit in there set the whole thing up . JOHN : ( scene at the wonderland house . ) I ’ve be go there for two , three year . dude call I brother . nico : ( at the HOTEL ) he just sell out nash and let somebody else do the dirty work . ( scene at wonderland , ron give JOHN he CUT of the robbery , but JOHN isn’t happy with it . ) then he get screw on the split . now he 's piss off . ( scene at eddie nash’s house . JOHN be angry about he CUT of the robbery so he goe and tell nash who robbed he ) greg : - johnny boy . hey . JOHN : - what 's up ? ( at the HOTEL , then back at eddie nash’s house ) so he hightail it back over to nash 's house ... nash : John , my brother . JOHN : how be you ? ( at the HOTEL ) ... and rat them out . he hand nash the wonderland gang . he serve it up on a silver platter . get back , plain and simple . cruz : ( outside the wonderland house ) neighbor report hearing loud noise ... ( yell ) ... and they think it be some kind of primal scream therapy or something . nico : ( at the HOTEL ) it be a perfect plan , really . ( JOHN and eddie nash’s gangster outside the door ) there be people come and go all the time , always a party go on . some loud noise at night be not gonna raise a eyebrow . ( at the HOTEL ) cruz : exactly , but what he do not count on be David lind survive . david : ( at the police station ) it have to be holme . that piece of shit ratted we out . ward : ( at the HOTEL ) hey , I read lind 's statement . he paint himself out to be a angel - - he 's lie he ass off . david : ( at the police station ) I get push from behind and my gun discharge accidentally . ward : ( at the HOTEL ) we do not know if any of he statement be even true . he know who nash be the whole time . david : ( talking to JOHN holme about the antique gun at the wonderland house ) you take this gun up there now or I ’ll cut you head off . ward : ( at the HOTEL ) what kind of thief do not know who he 's hit until the robbery itself ? cruz : what fool would set up the biggest gangster in l.a ... JOHN : ( at the phone booth calling eddie nash after the robbery ) hey , Eddie what 's up ? cruz : ...and waltze back to he house like nothing happen ? nash : ( at nash’s house , JOHN holme come over after the robbery ) where you be ? JOHN : well , Eddie , l get a crazy story l think you be go to want to hear . nico : ( at the HOTEL ) David lind be not half the liar that that cocksucker be . David lind lose the love of he life , and he know that John holme be responsible . now it would not surprise I at all if holme have plan on the murder from the get-go . ward : you hear he story . JOHN : ( flashback : talking to ward in the HOTEL ) - he pull out my black book . he 's go to kill everyone in it . you name 's in there , Bill . nico : ( at the HOTEL talking to ward and cruz ) fuck the black book . the black book be a crock of shit . it 's a fairy tale . he know we be listen to he . he do not want to get dirty . ward : neither do lind . nico : four people get they head bashed in and there 's not a single witness ? ( JOHN and eddie nash’s gangster at the wonderland house ) no , no , he be in that house as sure as Christ be on the cross . 38 set of different print lift . ward : any one of which could be we guy . nico : include a leave palm print , palm down on the bedrail , not two foot from ron launius ' head . ward : wait at minute , be you try to tell I you think he swing the pipe ? nico : he be either try to kill he or try to screw he . look , you read lind 's statement . holme hate launius . launius embarrassed he in public all the time . it really would not surprise I in the least if he have take a couple whacks at he . ward : you know what , Sam ? you can not even tie he to the scene of the crime . nico : ( in the bedroom , JOHN and dawn be sleeping , sharon be listening to the conversation and pull away from JOHN who have he arm around her . the fact that he 's get a pulse tie he to the scene of the crime . ward : he do not need to be there , nico . nash know he 's terrify . he will keep he mouth shut . nico : no , I do not buy it . nash be not a idiot . he 's certainly not go to put he freedom in the hand of one . ward : I ’ve know John for almost 20 year . while i’ll admit that we have not spend much time together lately , the John l know just be not capable -- nico : I do not know who you know or do not know . all I know be that the cocksucker in the other room there be a basehead . and the one thing you can always know about a basehead be that they be completely full of shit he 's dick we around . a mile of dick and no ball . if he have some ball , he would come out and say , ' ' I do it .'' but he be not gonna do that . ward : it 's you call . nico : fuck it . we gotta cut he loose . JOHN : ( scene 64 : at sharon holme '' house getting money from her ) hi , Sharon . thanks so much for -- sharon : where 's Dawn ? JOHN : she 's in the car , but -- sharon : I want to talk to she . JOHN : you think that 's such a good idea ? Sharon , just be cool , okay ? please . sharon : hey . ( sharon give dawn her dog ) dawn : oh , thank you . ( talking to her dog ) hi. sharon : you take care of he , honey . dawn : I will . sharon : you take care of yourself first . dawn : I will . sharon : promise I . dawn : I promise . sharon : take care of this little one too . ( she leans over and hug dawn ) I love you . dawn : I love you . sharon : ( talking to JOHN as she be handing he money ) this be all l could get . JOHN : thanks so much , Sharon . i’ll pay you back—c sharon : stop lie , I can not . JOHN : Sharon , I ’m not lie . we will pay -- sharon : it 's a payoff , okay ? you should understand that term . I ’m pay you off to stay out of my life . ( sharon walk back into her house and close the door . engine start . car drive off . she sit on her bed and look at photograph . flashback to her sleeping . car approach . tire screeching . dog barking . car door slam . ) JOHN : ( scene 65 : JOHN be approuching the house calling . ) Sharon ? Sharon . Sharon ? ( knocking on the door ) sharon : what be you do here ? JOHN : I ’m sorry , I have a accident . I ’m sorry , can I come in please ? sharon : ( open the door , JOHN be cover in blood ) oh my God , oh my God , John , come in . can you make it in ? JOHN : yeah . I ’m sorry . sharon : oh , my God . it 's okay . JOHN : I ’m sorry . JOHN : I have a accident . sharon : I see that . JOHN : can I have a tub ? I need a hot water tub . sharon : you might need to go to a hospital . JOHN : no. sharon : oh , John . JOHN : can I please -- sharon : it 's okay . JOHN : I do not feel well . sharon : it 's all right , its okay . I ’m go to put you in this chair , John , okay ? I ’m just go to put you in this chair . sit down . ( JOHN sit down in the kitchen while sharon get some antiseptic . ) JOHN : could you fill the tub with water , please ? it 's not really go good out here . sharon : okay . JOHN : please . okay . sharon : stay with I . JOHN : no. no . sharon : you be in shock . I have to check you out . JOHN : no , please make a tub of hot water . sharon : I need to get— JOHN : ( yelling ) Sharon , put the water in the tub ! ( near sob ) I ’m sorry . ( day ) hot water . sharon : stay calm . JOHN : okay . sharon : oh God , you have a head injury . JOHN : I ’m sorry I yell , but '' ( JOHN follows sharon into the bathroom ) sharon : John ? easy . okay , easy . all right , John . JOHN : I ’m okay . I ’m get in now . JOHN : ( JOHN strip down and get into the bathtube ) okay , hot , hot . sharon : John , close you eye ' cause this could sting if it get in . JOHN : I ’m homesick . sharon : where 's the cut ? JOHN : there 's too much blood . I gotta get it off , okay ? sharon : John , where 's the wound ? JOHN : give I more warm water . like a firework— sharon : where 's the wound ? there 's no wound . this be not you blood , John . whose blood be this ? JOHN : I need a sponge , ' cause it do not come -- you have to really scrub . sharon : John , John ! JOHN : what ? sharon : what happen , John ? JOHN : five people be dead , Sharon . they be murder . up on wonderland . they should not have do that to he . they humiliate he -- to the nash . they be so stupid . sharon : I ’m not follow this , John . JOHN : he have my book . he have my black book . he have everyone 's name in it . he say he be go to kill you . so I tell he I could not let that happen . so then they go up to wonderland . they make I go there . I do it for we , Sharon . he have you name in there - - he say he be go to kill you . sharon : what do you do for we ? JOHN : I have to , Sharon -- I have no choice . oh , there 's so much blood . ron 's head be like a firework . I see inside he head . it just open like a grapefruit . sharon : what do you do , John ? what do you do , John ? JOHN : I leave before anything happen . sharon : I do not understand , what would you -- what do you do ?! JOHN : I leave before anything happen . but , I -- I never -- Sharon , i— sharon : ( walk out of the bathroom ) no , I do not want to know . JOHN : no . - Sharon -- sharon : ( JOHN be getting dressed and following her ) I do not want to know . no . you need to get out . you need to leave . no , I want you out of my house . I want you to leave . JOHN : okay . Fine . you do not understand anyway . sharon : I understand , I understand . JOHN : what you husband have to do -- sharon : you bring filth into my life again ! JOHN : filth ? you wanna know what filth be ? what you husband have to do to survive down at peanut with that faggot . sharon : you be not my fuck husband ! JOHN : really ? sharon : you be a gigolo . JOHN : oh , really ? no , I ’m johnny -fuck - wadd ! that 's what I be , huh ? you know what they want up at wonderland ? what Eddie want ? that thing , that thing -- that thing that make I a star , Sharon . look at I . any idea what it 's like ? sharon : what thing be you talk about ? JOHN : this thing ! this fuck thing ! everybody want and nobody can have . do you remember when you love it ? sharon : that go away a long time ago . a long time ago . JOHN : you leave I ! sharon : bullshit . that be not bullshit ! that 's bullshit , John . you leave I ! then we can stop argue . you leave I that day in the bathroom . you choose that thing over I . that disgusting thing that make I sick . JOHN : I ’m not nobody , Sharon . I ’m a star . sharon : you be a whore , John . JOHN : oh , really , yeah ? I ’m a survivor , Sharon ! I ’m scum ? I ’m filth ? I ’m alive . and that people at wonderland ? they will never laugh at I again . they get theirs with a lead pipe , and I ’m still here survive . ( flashforward , sharon be taking all the photograph and putting they in the drawer . ) cruz : ( scene 66 : at the hospital ) you know , this case could make we career . nico : this case could end we career . nobody 's go to back we against nash without a eyewitness . I talk to nimziki this morning . nash be untouchable until November . cruz : shit . who 's dick 's nimziki suck ? nico : everybody 's . it 's a goddamn swordfight in there . all right ? ( cruz and nico enter the hospital room . heart monitor beeping , respirator hissing ) nico : Ms. launius ? can she hear we ? I do not know . susan : ( flashback to finding ronus heroin paraphinalia ) goddamn it , ron , you tell I it be go to be different this time . ron : I do not want to start like this ! come here . susan : goddamn it . ron : come here . nico : ( at the hospital talking to susan ) Ms. launius ? can you hear I ? ron : ( flashback to finding ronus heroin paraphinalia ) I need you . I need you here . goddamn it . baby , I ’m go crazy down here . ( kiss her ) come on , come on . ( after the robbery . susan be shotting heroin ) ron : that do not last long , do it ? susan : fuck you . nico : ( at the hospital talking to susan ) can you tell I anything about what happen to you ? susan : ( flashback to the night of the murder . dark room after go to bed with ron , high on heroin ) shadows . shadows , shadow . ( scream , murmuring ) cruz : what do she say ? nico : nothing . ( monitor beeping faster ) ( scene 67 : night of the murder at the wonderland house ) ( doorbell buz ) billy : yeah ? JOHN : it 's John , man . billy : holme , no . JOHN : come on , let I in , it 's John . ron : no. ( buz , gangster bust in and hit billy with a lead pipe , scream ) greg : look ! look ! stop it , John ! stop it , John ! stop it , John ! look , you motherfucker ! look at she motherfuck head bust . be you look at this , johnny ? look what you do , look what the fuck you do . you be a bad man , johnny ! you want to fuck with I ? let 's go . it 's you turn , baby . it 's Christmas . let 's go to work , johnny . let 's go to work , baby . let 's go to work , baby . let 's go to work . let 's get dirty , johnny . JOHN : no. greg : ( greg hand JOHN holme a lead pipe and make he hit ron . JOHN lightly tap he , then harder , then harder , then into a rage JOHN slam the lead pipe into ronus head ) let 's go ! let 's get dirty , johnny . let 's get dirty , johnny ! hit that motherfucker ! that 's right , that 's right ! hit he ! Love it ! hit he . hit he . look at you . look at you . oh , man . johnny 's do a movie . dawn : ( JOHN wake up in the car with dawn holding he ) another bad dream , baby ? JOHN : no. dawn : um ... JOHN : what time be it ? dawn : six JOHN : Morning or evening ? dawn : Morning . JOHN : do not I promise I would get you out of there ? dawn : yeah . yeah . JOHN : do not i? do not I ? dawn : mm-hmm . JOHN : who 's my girl ? dawn : I ’m you girl . ( engine start they drive away into the SUN ) the end .