wonderstruck written by Brian selznick base on he illustrate novel '' 201 ( 6 ) amazon .com , inc . or its affiliate . all rights reserved . this material be the exclusive property of amazon . com , inc . or its affiliate and be intend solely for the use of its personnel . no portion of this script may be perform , or reproduce by any mean , or quote , or publish in any medium without prior write consent of amazon . com , inc . or its affiliate . blackness rising up we hear : the sound of a boy 's panting while he run . his footstep crunching . faster and faster , louder and louder . suddenly -— ext . snowy minnesota wood - 1977 - night 1 the roar of some terrifying creature . we be close to the boy , age twelve , racing through the snowy dark . he be terrify . he manage to glance back behind he . in a shaky dark swirl we catch glimpsis of what appear to be animal , black against the blue snow , chase after he . in a glimpse of light they eye flash , revealing two wolve - tear through the moonlit wood . the boy try desperately to pick up speed , dodging fall limb and rock along he way . strangely , he 's barefoot , in a thin tank - top and pajama bottom , run through a dark , eerie landscape . up ahead he see a way to veer off from the path and dip down along a incline . he take the turn , tear through brush as he descend along the side of a hill into a slight recess , hope to drop out of sight . through the black mesh of tree he spot the wolf run past . in relief , he exhales loudly , catch he breath . then he pull himself up . he turn - and gasp . the two wolf have revert course and be racing right towards he . startle , he lose he foot , and stumble to the ground . his foot be tangle in some root . he start yanking with all he might , glance up to see : the wolf be gallop toward he . they sharp tooth glint in the moonlight . we see the boy from the wolf 's point of view . the boy 's eye flash with terror as we close in on he . there 's nothing he can do . in the distance someone be call a name ... '' " Ben ... Ben ... Ben ... '' we hear the boy 's scream . wonderstruck 2 . int . robby 's bedroom - 1977 - night 2 BEN - the boy in the dream , a thoughtful , sullen kid - bolt up in bed . his face be cover in sweat . from across the room we hear he cousin robby . robby Ben !! BEN ( panting , still lose in the dream ) what ? Ben , tangle in the sheet of a fold - up cot , be wear the same T-shirt and pajama bottom he be wear in the dream . robby , 14 - year -old , with the beginning of a mustache , switch on he lamp , knock two hunt magazine to the floor . he be sweat too and whip the blanket off he . robby what ? what 's the matter ? huh ? can not you hear I ? be you deaf ? BEN stop it , robby . there be a knock from the other side of the wall . aunt jenny ( 0.s. ) go to sleep , boy ! robby ( return the call ) sorry , mom . BEN sorry , aunt Jenny ! robby ( without take he eye off of Ben ) shut. up. robby make a gun with he finger and shoot it toward Ben , then switch off he lamp and turn over in he bed . we can hear the cricket for the first time . title card : gunflint , minnesota , 1977 Ben eye robby 's side of the room , he collection of gun and knife , fishing rod and hunt trophy . wonderstruck 3 . he turn over to face the wall . a small slip of blue paper be tack there . in the moonlight it read : we be all in the gutter , but some of we be look at the star . he glide he finger across the word before reach under he pillow to pull out a leather wallet . it have stitching around the edge and the silhouette of a wolf stamp onto the front . Ben cover the wolf with he hand , open the wallet and pull out a fold piece of paper . it 's a newspaper item that read : February 18th , 1977 , local librarian die in Auto Accident a distant tug of music stir up a few fleeting image : flashback : int . church - 1977 - day 3 Black shoe . Old people take they seat in the pews for the funeral . a tear skid down a woman 's cheek . a photograph of the woman who die , classmate sit several row back with they parent . flashback : ext . school bus stop - 1977 - day 4 a egret be be draw in ballpoint pen in a spiral notebook . it sit perch on a branch behind which a crosshatch predator loom , a wolf or hound . we see Ben hunch over he notebook , try to get it just right . Three boy Ben 's age stare at he . Ben look away from they as a yellow gunflint bus pull up . int . robby 's bedroom - 1977 - night 5 Ben shake himself out of the memory and look again at the newspaper clipping . there 's a photograph of a pretty young woman with a ponytail , the same woman in the photograph at the funeral in the flashback . word and phrase from the article jump out at Ben : Elaine Wilson ... ice ... lose control ... darkness ... survive by she son , Benjamin wonderstruck 4. flashback - int . BEN 's bedroom - 1977 - night 6 there 's a small knock on Ben 's bedroom door . Ben , in bed , look up from a book on constellation . his mom , the woman from the photograph , stick she head in the room . she have a she hair in a ponytail and be wear she favorite robe . elaine hey , guess what ? we forget a present . she hold up a small wrap gift . Ben keep read . elaine ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? BEN constellation . elaine catch . she toss Ben the gift , but it bounce off the bed and fall to the floor . he sigh and go to pick it up . a telescope with a bow on it be set up beside he , near he window . his mom approach , pick up some cellophane , a small rock , and a model of a whale , which she place atop he shelf . elaine ( cont 'd ) you really do live in a museum . Ben 's shelf be in fact he own natural history museum : rock and pebble and shell , bone and fossil , all organize into group , with hand - write explanatory card . she turn back to Ben , who be open he last present . elaine ( cont 'd ) why do you always look so sad , Benjamin Wilson ? Ben ignore the remark , a practice he have recently and selectively adopt . she take a glance through the new telescope as he open up a small box . it 's the wolf wallet , brand new . BEN neat . like the one we see , on the trail . thanks , mom . Elaine look up from the telescope and smile . wonderstruck 5. elaine sure , handsome . BEN so ... elaine yes ? BEN be my dad a astronomer ? Elaine 's expression immediately change , as if a curtain have come down . Ben sense this but keep talk , aware he 's on a dangerous cliff . BEN ( cont ’d ) maybe that 's why I like outer space so much . it make sense ... his mom , with a force smile , walk silently over and sit on the edge of he bed . elaine happy birthday , mister twelve - year old . she gently kiss he forehead . elaine ( cont 'd ) do not stay up too long . she exit the room , leave Ben awake in bed , frustrated . int . landing / elaine's bedroom - 1977 - night 7 Ben approach he mom 's bedroom from the upstairs landing , pass a bookshelf stuff with old toy and science project . through she partly open door he see she smoking a cigarette while stand beside a old portable record player . she pull she pony tail tighter , and walk to a alcove where she have a desk . she sit . David bowie 's '' Space oddity '' have begin to play . Ben settles at the bedroom door as he mother close she eye for a moment , listen to the music . BEN ( quietly ) Mom ? wonderstruck 6. Elaine do not hear he . BEN ( cont ’d ) ( louder ) Mom ? Elaine jump . elaine Jesus - God , you scared I . what be you do out of bed ? BEN ( take a deep breath ) why will not you ever talk about he ? other kid know they dad ... elaine not now , Ben . go back to bed . BEN it 's what I wish for , you know , when I blow out the candle . elaine another time , okay ? when it 's the right time . BEN it 's never the right time . Ben turn to he mother 's mirror , which be cover in postcard of famous work of art , clipping , and some of he childhood artwork . stuck on top with a piece of tape be the small blue piece of paper with the word : we be all in the gutter , but some of we be look at the star . BEN ( cont 'd ) what do this mean ? elaine what Ben ? BEN this quote - '' we be all in the gutter but some of we be look at the star . '' you say it the night we see the shoot star , and now it 's on you wall . what do it mean ? 10 wonderstruck 7. elaine ( take a deep breath , wishing he have go back to sleep ) what do you think it mean ? BEN ( disappointed , almost to himself ) that 's what you always say . int . robby 's room - 1977 - night 8 Ben , back in the cot of he cousin 's room , be look at the quote on the wall , gently trace its edge . we follow each word as he whisper they to himself : BEN we be all in the gutter , but some of we be look at the star ... the last word : '' star '' fill he vision and ours , as a soft swirl of music rise ... dissolve to : ( 1927 . everything be now in black & white and silent , save the music , which continue over . this be the case for the entire story in 1927 , throughout ] brief image of : a galaxy of star which we slowly glide out from . int . movie theater - 1927 - day 9 the eye of a young girl , stare up at something , a movie screen perhaps . int . hoboken general store - 1927 - day 10 we float out from on the word : star ( white on black ) but now in fancy letter to reveal ... a 1920 's fan magazine , the full headline : we brightest star . 11 12 wonderstruck 8 . the feature actress be lillian mayhew , a silent screen star with large eye , a tiny mouth and long hair . a girl 's hand caress the page . then - rip ! we see rose , a twelve - year - old girl , tear the page out of the magazine . Long blonde hair , a simple light dress . intense , determine . sad . the shopkeeper , hearing the noise , look up , spot Rose and start yell ( though we do not hear any sound ) . a mother and daughter shopping nearby turn to look at the commotion . Rose , with the tear page in she hand , run past the mother and daughter , out of the store . the mother pull she daughter closer , as if out of danger . the shopkeeper yell after Rose as she run off down the street . what a strange little girl ... ext . hoboken river bank - 1927 - day 11 Rose be now hurry to a small clear at the rocky edge of the Hudson river . she rush to retrieve paper and pencil from she bag , with the urgent need to express herself , even in she solitude . with a shaking hand she write across the paper : help I ! title card : hoboken , new jersey , 1927 she then begin to fold up the piece of paper . she tuck and fold the paper until she 's make ... a little boat . she set the boat onto the surface of the river . she watch it as it float precariously off towards Manhattan - and the fate . ext . lake - dock - 1977 - night 12 we see and hear boat knock against each other in the water . 13 14 15 wonderstruck 9. int . robby 's bedroom - 1977 - night 13 Ben lie awake in bed , listen to the sound of the boat . he see something out the window . Ben wiggle out of bed and grab a red flashlight from he cousin robby 's shelf . ext . minnesota wood - 1977 - night 14 Ben walk out of he aunt 's house along a small path lead to the house next door . the house look very much like he aunt 's house , though it seem to have be abandon . but what 's draw Ben be the strange , inexplicable fact that a light have be turn on from inside the second floor , the only interior light burn at this hour . as we will soon learn , this be the house Ben and he mother live in , that Ben grow up in , until he mother die suddenly and nothing in he life would ever be the same . Ben walk silently past the knock boat on he way toward the light window of he old house . on the way he also pass a small cabin that appear to have be shutter for some time . leave crunch underfoot as Ben near he old house , approach from the rear . he stop a moment when he see the back door be open . he think he hear something buzzing from within . a voice ? he continue approach , quietly . ext. / int . BEN 's house - 1977 - night 15 he realize how loudly he 's breathe and stop for a moment , suddenly understanding : it 's a record play inside - the song '' Space oddity . '' he switch on he flashlight and continue slowly into the house . it all feel very spooky , like some sort of freeze memory . most of the furniture be stack or cover , stand beside pile of seal - up box and kitchenware still stack on counter , as if someone have begin to pack up the house but never get around to finish it . Ben walk up the stair . 16 17 wonderstruck 10. int . BEN 's house - hallway - 1977 - night 16 Ben 's heart be pound as he slowly walk down the hallway , past he old room , towards the source of the light , and the music : he mother 's door . it 's open slightly . he 's about to give it a shove when - a shadow move across the floor . he stop . he smell something , the smoke from she cigarettes ... through the crack in the doorway he see something unbelievable ... a blonde woman with a ponytail wear he mother 's favorite robe . Ben 's hand be tremble . BEN ( terrify ) Mom ? be you ... he push open the door . int . rose 's bedroom - moment later - 1927 - day 17 Rose be clear the surface of she cluttere desk with one swipe . she be carefully load a brush full of rubber cement onto the back of she clipping , coating the edge . she be carefully place it in a large bound scrapbook and press down the corner . we can make out part of what it say as she blow on it to dry : will we brightest star turn out to be a permanent fixture in the heaven , or will she be a comet , who burn brightly for a brief moment and then vanish ? she return a topple post - card from its place on she window sill . the card read : Feb. , 1927 - happy birthday , Rose , Love walter and be address to : miss Rose kincaid , 168 River Street , hoboken NJ . mostly dry , Rose begin to flip back through the page . we see the article and ephemera Rose have collect , the date move backwards through time as she flip from back to front : be lillian 's career over ? 18 wonderstruck 11. scandal ! a divorce in Hollywood ! mayhew shocker ! - Movie Star journey with Young actor there 's a small advertisement for a movie : forbidden love , star lillian mayhew lillian mayhew 's seventh hit picture in a row Young actress marries Doctor lillian mayhew be engage mayhew glow in debut - a New Star on the Horizon ? Rose close the scrapbook and gaze out she window a moment in think . out the window , through a break in the tree , be a piece of the Manhattan skyline that Rose have stare at every day of she life . as we drift back into Rose 's room , past she lace curtain and across she shelf of book , we find that she too have a tiny world on display on the shelf of she room , but hers be a hand - make skyline . countless building she have make from newsprint and magazine and paper line she shelf as if the city she long for across the water have tumble into she room . int . BEN 's house - 1977 - night 18 Light spill onto Ben 's darken face as he stare into he mother 's old room - his mother , like a ghost , with she back to he , be dance to the music . she be smoking a cigarette . she nonchalantly reach up to pull she pony tail tighter . Ben drop he flashlight and gasp . his mom turn . but it 's not he mom ! it 's he cousin janet , a teenage girl , with big glass . janet ( startle ) Ben ! wonderstruck 12 . BEN Janet ! janet what be you do here ? BEN no ! what be you do here ? this be not you house ! that be not you clothes ! you ... he wipe he eye , feel stupid and angry for have think it might actually have be he mom . janet ( to herself , mortify ) I know I should not have turn on the light . benji , I ... BEN you smoke ? she look down at she hand , as if notice the cigarette for the first time , and quickly stub it out . janet no ! I mean ... oh god , please do not tell my parent ! they 's 1l kill I . BEN I do not understand ! you be wear my mom 's clothes ! janet benji , I be so sorry . this be suppose to be my secret place - I just need - somewhere - BEN ( turn ) I can not look at you like that ! Ben back up into the record player . the arm skip across the record make a terrible noise . janet you okay ? BEN yes . I be fine . janet benji ? wonderstruck Ben turn away . janet ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . Ben sit on the bed . Janet slip off the robe she have put on ( the same one he mother wear in he birthday memory ) . beneath it Janet be wear cut - off jeans and a tank top . Ben watch as she dutifully put the record back in its 13 . sleeve , adjust she glass and pull out she ponytail . a pause . BEN be you parent go to sell this house ? janet I have hear they talk about it . BEN why can not I just move back in ? it 's my house . janet I know . and robby 's kind of a pest . BEN if I know where my dad be ... I could just ... she watch he a moment . janet you still have that nightmare ? BEN not ... sometimes . Janet be not sure she 's make he feel any better and start collect she thing . janet come on . we should go home probably . BEN I be home . janet I know ... I mean - 19 wonderstruck 14. BEN you go . I want to stay here a little longer . janet I do not know if that 's such a good idea . there 's suppose to be storm - Ben do not move . he just stare straight ahead . BEN I will not tell you parent . janet what ? BEN that you be smoking . just let I stay a little longer . janet you really will not tell ? seriously ? BEN I swear . janet oh my God . then I completely owe you a favor , benji . for real . Janet pause a moment . Ben look up at she then back down . janet ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) we all miss she , you know . Ben furrow he brow . janet ( cont 'd ) do not stay too long , okay ? ext . hoboken STREET - 1927 - day 19 music . Rose approach a bustling downtown block . in the center of it all be a cinema . the marquee read : lillian mayhew in daughter of the STORM 20 21 22 wonderstruck 15 . int . hoboken cinema - 1927 - day 20 music hush as Rose slip into the darken theater and take she seat . curtain gather as a organist , a bald man with strange tuft of hair , take he seat . the light go down . int . hoboken cinema - 1927 - day 21 the flicker light of a projector almost blind we . from the first pre-credit logo for artcraft picture , Rose be transport . title card : daughter of the STORM title card : star lillian mayhew Rose 's face light up at the name on screen . on screen : the silent film irise up on a hillside cover in tall grass . the wind be blow fiercely and a storm be come in . the rain pick up as two die tree be rattle in the wind . into this scene come lillian mayhew as the terrify Young mother , carry she baby in a blanket . close - up of Young mother , she eye wide , the baby asleep in she arm . title card : '' oh no ! the storm have arrive ! '' on screen : a shriek of organ over a flash of lightning ( silent movie style . ) Rose stare up at the screen . the Young mother see a small cabin in the distance . int . BEN 's house - 1977 - night 22 Ben look around the room , not sure what to do with he sudden liberty . wonderstruck 16 . he open up a drawer and examine its content , and then the next . at first it 's embarrassing , see he mother 's private intimate thing , but soon he find himself open every one of she drawer as if unable to stop himself . in one , he find a old coffee tin and lift the plastic lid off of it . Inside he find a wad of cash , a sort of rainy day fund he mother must have keep hide . he lift out the wad to see if there 's anything else in the tin before replace it with the cash and lid back inside the drawer , and resume he meander . then , in the bottom drawer , Ben spot something truly strange . something wrap in a brown paper bag that 's be wrap up for a very long time . just as Ben take hold of it in he hand - a boom of thunder crash as Ben carefully unfold the brown paper bag and reach inside . it 's a very old , blue book . on the back cover he read : publish by the american Museum of Natural History , New York , New York he turn the book over . its title stamp in fade black letter : wonderstruck bang - another crash of thunder make Ben jump . he peer out through the window . another bolt and flash throttle the room , send the house into sudden darkness . BEN ( whisper to himself ) no no no no no ! Ben try the lamp . nothing . he spot the red flashlight and switch it on . he move the beam around the room , then settles back into the bed . he wait a moment . in the quiet , he turn the flashlight towards the book . he open up the old blue book and read the first passage . BEN ( v.o . ) '' a curator 's job be a important one , for it be the curator who decide what belong in the museum . ( more ) 23 24 wonderstruck 17. BEN ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in a way , anyone who collect thing in the privacy of he own home be a curator ... " as Ben continue read we begin to drift ... int . BEN 's house - hallway - bedroom - 1977 - night 23 we float down the hallway , into Ben 's old room , to he old collection of object , leave behind in the dark ... as if the book be describe he . as he v.o. continue we survey he row of shell and strangely shape stone and tooth and tiny animal skull , the fossil , pinecone , leave from local tree , all arrange with handwritten card annotate every find ... BEN ( v.o. , reading ) '' but how do the very first curator store they collection ? they be keep in piece of furniture call cabinet of wonder . eventually , some collection grow beyond the confines of a single cabinet and take over entire room . see figure 9 . '' int . BEN 's house - mother 's bedroom - 1977 - night 24 Ben , still read on he mother 's bed , turn the page to : figure 9 . lit by the red flashlight , the double - page spread feature a ancient engrave of a cabinet of wonder . BEN ( whisper ) oh ...my god . we see what he see ... a cabinet , perhaps , but of such extreme unfoldability it appear to consume a entire room , leave little more than the edge of its checkerboard floor . the endless drawer and shelf , fill with strange and various object - stuff reptile , decapitate head , dry fish , skeleton insect , to name but a few - all unfold from a intricately carve central cabinet , crown with a crest of sea shell and coral . a giraffe 's head peek up from one edge of the cabinet . Ben 's finger move across the draw , as if try to touch everything in it . then he turn the page . 25 26 wonderstruck 18 . there , press against the spine of the book , be a old yellow bookmark . he pull it out for examination . the old , dog - ear relic depict a burnt-re sketch of a bookstore , beneath which be print : kincaid book 165 West 73rd street , New York , New York , 10024 . 212 623 0723 he turn it over . there , on the back , in black ink , someone have write : Elaine , I will wait for you . Love , Danny int . hoboken cinema - 1927 - day 25 [ scene from daughter of the STORM ] title card : '' where can we find shelter from the storm ? '' on screen : the Young mother cradle a baby in she arm . in a murky long shot , the Young mother run out from under the shelter tree into a wild forest , wrack by savage wind . her hair whip and twist in the gale . in close up , the Young mother look around desperately for protection . she spot something : a cabin in the distance ( shot in miniature ... antique special effect ) . her face brighten with hope and she begin to run towards the cabin . but the organ music blare as the wind pick up . and the miniature cabin tremble in the terrible gust , which pull off its roof and sweep it away . soon the rest of the house shake , buckle and fall down , pull by tiny thread . the Young mother scream and collapse in fright , cover she baby for protection , raise a single hand towards god . in the audience , Rose watch the silent film intensely . int . BEN 's house - mother 's room - 1977 - night 26 outside , pound thunder and flash lightning . 27 28 wonderstruck 19 . the bookmark shake in Ben 's finger . he look again at the word : Elaine , I will wait for you . Love , Danny BEN ( to himself ) Danny ... Ben turn the bookmark over and scan the address at the bottom for the phone number of the bookstore . a powder - blue phone be sit on the night stand , within reach . Ben pick up the receiver and hold it against he good ear . he dial the number print on the bookmark . the storm grow . each number roll slowly around the rotary dial - 8...7...6 - with each one Ben 's heart beat faster - 8...8...9...0 ... he watch the dial pivot back around the final time . he hear a click - then : a headbust boom of thunder and bolt of lightning that hit the house and sear the world with electric vision . int . hoboken cinema - 1927 - day 27 music peak over a rapid montage of audience face , mouth open , eye wide , some with tear , light by cinema light . then blackness . fade - up title card : the end ( and below in smaller letter ) : a artcraft picture production the curtain unfurl and the house light rise . Rose wipe she eye , all - too- quickly back to earth . ext . hoboken theater - continuous - 1927 - day 28 music hang as the theater let out and a large truck pull up out front . it have begin to rain . umbrellas be open . Rose make she way along the side of the truck , which read : vitaphone sound company . it 's rear door swing open , nearly knock she down . 29 30 wonderstruck 20. worker stream past , set a ramp , and start to haul wood crate out of the truck and onto dolly 's . music darken as a theater employee , up on a ladder , unfurl a banner from the marquee which read : this cinema will be close during installation of hoboken 's first SOUND system ! experience 100 % all talk ! see and hear you favorite star ! Rose be read : see and hear ... hear ...! suddenly stricken , rain pelting , music taunting - Rose turn and run off the main street , as the sky open . int . BEN 's house - mother 's room - 1977 - night 29 Ben 's eye flutter open . silence . he find himself lie on the floor of he mom 's room . peaceful in the silence . the storm must have pass . but something 's wrong . the blue receiver be lie on the floor out of reach , black and smolder . the old book he find , soft - cover blue , lie open behind he , face down on the ground . with a strange slowness Ben turn he head towards the window . he see rain still fall , shaking the tree , and lightning still flash from the sky ... yet there be still no sound . no sound at all . int . minnesota hospital - 1977 - night 30 doctor rush a active gurney down a long white hall , connect to other life - sustain equipment on wheel . nurse lean in with anxious eye , adjust tube , recording figure . fluorescent light flash by overhead . 31 wonderstruck 21. int . minnesota hospital - room - 1977 - next morning 31 silence . Ben 's face . his eye wide open . he sit up suddenly . aunt jenny be sit on the bed , dress in she work uniform ( she name , '' Jenny , '' stitched into she brown blouse ) . she look exhaust and scared , as Janet look on beside she . robby sit sulk in the corner . aunt Jenny stroke Ben 's hair and speak to he , but we do not hear any sound . Ben look back , and try to reply , but the sound of he voice have be replace by a deeply bury echo . BEN where be I ? what happen ? it sound more like the memory of a voice than anything anyone could actually hear . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( mouthing the word ... ) what 's wrong ? hello ? hello ? aunt Jenny put a finger to she mouth , mouth : '' shhh , '' indicate that she can hear he . the nurse hand Jenny a clipboard with a piece of paper , and a pen . aunt Jenny write something down . she show what she 's write to Ben : it 's ok . you have a accident . Ben do not understand . Jenny cross out what she write . she turn the pad around so Ben can see and draw a simple house - a box with a triangle on top . she add a curly telephone line and a stick figure hold the line to he ear . she draw a storm cloud over the house , and a jag lightning bolt come out of the cloud , hit the house . then she trace a line from the lightning bolt , through the house , through the telephone wire , into the stick figure 's head . Ben 's watch with wide , stricken eye . BEN ( cont ’d ) ( mouth the word ) I do not remember . 32 33 wonderstruck 22. he grab the pen and paper and write : I can not talk ! aunt Jenny write back : yes you can . you just can not hear yourself . then she underline the word : yourself Ben , overwhelm by everything , look around helplessly as he rest he head on the pillow . Jenny kiss he temple to try to comfort he . int . rose's house - 1927 - night 32 the storm have end . Rose hurry in the front door of the house , soak from the rain . she run up the stair to she room . int . rose's bedroom - 1927 - night 33 she shut the door behind she and turn with a start when - music strike - someone stamp they foot on the floor . it 's she father , doctor kincaid , a large man in a expensive suit who have be wait for she in the corner of she room . he be glaring . he stand , wag he finger and scolding she in rage ( in word we do not hear but can certainly imagine ) : doctor kincaid look at you ! just look at you ! do you have any idea what trouble and worry you inflict on this home ? do you ?! how in God 's name do you continue to abuse the liberty I extend you - and throw it in my face ? why I have half a mind to ... he remember the note he write , which he thrust out for she ( " here - read ! '' ) : you be in serious trouble , young lady ! you teacher come tomorrow . Study he book ! he shove a large black book into Rose 's hand and storm out of he daughter 's room , slamm the door behind he . Rose look down at the large black book , read its full title for the first time : teaching the deaf to lip - read and speak 34 35 36 wonderstruck 23. by Dr. t.m. gill Rose crumple onto she bed , as if from its sheer weight . she yank open the book across she lap . its introduction immediately proclaim : a deaf child must learn to speak ! Rose stare at the word . she turn the page again . chapter one : the element classify , start with : mouth cavity , this above a lurid illustration of a splay - open mouth , that look as if it be scream . the anatomical part be all clinically label in white dart . rip ! Rose tear the lurid page from the big black book like she tore out the page from the movie magazine in the drug store : fast . she slam the book shut and look off into space . upset , she crack open she bedroom door and look down below . int . rose's house - live room - 1927 - day 34 downstair , pearl , the may , a young attractive woman with a short stylish bob , enter from the kitchen . she be carry a large silver tray bear a tea service into the live room . she set it down on a central table in front of where Doctor kincaid sit . the butler stand by he side , await order . when the maid start to go , Doctor kincaid signal she back , appear to give she further instruction while check he watch , unaware Rose be watch from above . int . rose's bedroom - 1927 - day 35 Rose slowly close she door and retreat back into she room . int . minnesota hospital - room - 1977 - day 36 SOUND . blind be be pull , let hot morning light rush in . a machine beep . Ben 's eye , squinting open . blink at the blurry light . slowly remember where he be . 37 38 39 40 wonderstruck 24 . ext . duluth CITY skyline - 1977 - day 37 through the glass , shifting focus , the bus station across the street come slowly into view . the sign read : duluth Station int . minnesota hospital - room - 1977 - day 38 Ben see the bus station outside . he get a idea . int . rose's bedroom - 1927 - day 39 it 's morning , and music mark the arrival of new paper skyscraper , perch on Rose 's desk . she have make they from various scream - talk - mouth picture from the big black book . the result be several silent scream building add to she miniature skyline . asleep at she desk amidst the scrap and scissors , Rose 's eye suddenly twitch - a vibration feel from downstairs - and she blink herself awake . int . rose 's house - dine room - later - 1927 - day 40 Rose sit alone with she father at the breakfast table , try to avoid he gaze . her father glare at she suspiciously between bite of egg and sausage while attempt to read the paper . Rose catch one of he steely look and turn away , stare into she breakfast plate . he wave he hand in front of she and point to the salt . she pass it . his eye linger , stare . he salt he egg and straighten the paper with a mighty shake . he turn the page of he newspaper . a article have be cut out of the center of the last page and Doctor kincaid glare through the telltale hole at the guilty face of he daughter . he lower the paper and start yell ( though we do not hear he ) , unleash far more than the minor infraction deserve . 4l 42 43 44 wonderstruck 25 . doctor kincaid Rose ! for god 's sake I can not take it any more ! you cut everything to shred ! everything ! go to you room ! now ! ( he point upstairs ) go ! int . rose's bedroom - moment later - 1927 - day Al Rose quickly gather she belonging - clothes , book , essential - and begin stuff they into she embroider bag . ext . rose 's house - continuous - 1927 - day 42 down below , a black car , drive by a man in a black coat and hat , pull up beneath the large tree outside Rose 's window . int . rose 's bedroom - continuous - 1927 - day 43 Rose move to she desk where we land on a cut - out newspaper article - a article bear the identical shape to the piece miss from she father 's paper . above a photo of lillian mayhew , the headline read : mayhew to STAR on new york stage famous actress will shine anew Rose take she postcard from she window - sill , the one that read : happy birthday Rose , Love you brother walter she read it once more before rest it on top of she newspaper clipping . but then Rose stop , turn toward the window , suddenly sense the sign of a downstairs arrival , and a unwanted one at that . ext . rose 's house - 1927 - day 44 the man exit the car and walk to the front door of the house and knock . 45 46 47 48 wonderstruck 26. int . rose's bedroom - 1927 - day 45 Rose stuff the scrapbook and post -card into she embroider bag , which she hoist over she shoulder . she grab she coat and hurry to open she door , but stop in she track once she look down below . int . rose 's house - foyer - 1927 - day 46 the butler open the front door , revealing the man in the black coat , Dr. t.m. gill , the author of the book on lip read , and she despise teacher . Doctor kincaid rise from he chair to greet he . int . rose's bedroom - 1927 - day 47 Rose return to she room and look around . she check herself in the mirror . she 's go to do something dramatic ... she grab a pair of scissors lie on she desk , grab a length of she hair and methodically cut it off . below the mirror be a open magazine . there be a large advertisement on the page with a photo of a attractive woman , the text : bob wave for 1 '' Rose stare at herself for half a second more , then grab another fist of hair and resume cut . int . minnesota hospital - 1977 - day 48 distant muffled SOUND . through glass window at the far end of the floor , we can see aunt Jenny surround by several nurse . she be yell at they , frantic and angry , with robby and Janet in tow . jenny " sorry " be unacceptable ! and you need to get the police on the phone right now . they need to be come here ! Janet , stricken , look back towards Ben 's hospital room , through all the window and glass door , frame like a diorama . we see that Ben 's bed be empty . guilt and anxiety wash over Janet 's face . 49 50 51 52 53 wonderstruck 27. ext . highway - 1977 - day 49 SOUND . one of the bus from the duluth station be speed along the highway . int . rose 's house - staircase / rose '’s bedroom - 1927 - day 50 music . Rose 's father and Dr. t.m. gill walk up the stair to Rose 's room . Rose 's father open the door but be stunne when he look inside . the room be empty . ext . rose 's house - 1927 - continuous 51 the back door swing close . Rose be go . ext . hoboken ferry terminal - 1927 - day 52 music rally as Rose , with she newly shorn hair , hurry toward a swarm of people cluster outside the hoboken ferry Terminal . she adjust she coat and before she know it she be sweep up in the move crowd board the ferry to Manhattan , swallow up by the snake mass . ext . ferry - moment later - 1927 - day 53 Rose find a place amidst the crowd on the observation deck of the ferry . huddle there among stranger she slip she hand inside she bag and carefully fish out the newspaper clipping . as she unfold it a gust of wind seize the clipping from she hand and it go sailing . Rose look around anxiously for the clipping and see it settle among the small forest of leg . but when she go to retrieve it the wind beat she to it and it go fly again . from one passenger 's leg to another she follow the sailing culprit , squeezing past body as she go . finally , near the railing , she seize hold of it , clutching it tightly in she hand and cupping it upright to read again : mayhew to STAR on new york stage Rose smile to herself with great excitement , look up . there , through the misty sky : the beckone New York skyline . she 's on she way at last ! 54 55 56 wonderstruck 28. int . bus - 1977 - day 54 near silence . Ben have already be on the bus for a long time . he look around the bus . there be a green army satchel wedge between he leg . there be several conversation around he , though he can not hear they , nor can we . a large black woman be sit two row in front of he . he look up at she , and it 's as if he 's aware of the echo of she voice in the far far distance . woman on bus ( talk to someone across the aisle from she . ) .-- not to I he do not , no sir - can you believe that ? I do not know what he 's think , that boy ... and I be he mother ... he stare at she mouth as she continue to talk . the bus shake and rattles in silence . Ben sneak he wallet out of he satchel . he peek inside , revealing a thick wad of bill , obviously take from he mother 's rainy day fund . Ben look out the dirty window but can not see anything . he try to peer through the grime to where he 's head . int . bus - 1977 - night 55 silence . Ben be sleep . the talk woman be go , as be most of the people from earlier on . his satchel be still on he lap . the bus enter a tunnel . the light inside the tunnel flash by at regular interval , illuminate Ben , asleep . he look up at the blurred - out city light swirl through the bus window . he rub he eye . ext . new york CITY - night - 1977 56 the bus turn into the Port Authority terminal as the city glitter around it . 57 58 59 60 wonderstruck 29 . int . port authority - bus loading - 1977 - night 57 SOUND - we see the bus come to a stop . the hiss brake , the clatter door , and then the hum behind that - a brew of blurry bark station announcement , revving engine , echoing voice . Ben be one of the last people off the bus . he exit into the dim station , full of dark shadowy corner . there be garbage everywhere . int . port authority - lower level - 1977 - night 58 Inside , the filthy orange tile and brown brick do little to warm the place up . clump of people sit or sleep against they bag , huddle on bench or against wall , some beneath sheet of cardboard . he see a woman root through a garbage can . a clock on the wall read 3:46 am . silence . Ben try to figure out which way to head . he wander upstairs to a dank wait lounge and look around for a spot he can settle into . he find a dark corner , near a cigarette machine , and sink down onto a plastic seat , clutching he bag like armor . as he try to close he eye we drift off slowly , across the sad and lonely lounge , where other clump of lonely people have settle in for the night . music rise like a tonic as ext . manhattan ferry terminal - NYC - 1927 - day 59 music accompany Rose as she move along amid the great sea of body arrive in New York , clutching she bag as she go . ext . new york CITY - 1927 - day 60 Rose turn and find herself in the flow of a bustling downtown street . a river of sharp clothes and brisk walker , leather purse and black lunch - box , lead she along . wonderstruck 30 . smart store flicker by , smart woman with short bob and tight cloches . and a stream of businessman in flat straw -hat and fedora . Rose continue on , catch between the seamless flow and the constant jostle , the snake traffic and corner vender , dwarf and elevate by everything she see . she look up - and what a sight ! building jutting into the sky , grande facade and streamline splendor . chrome and steel , brick and stone . hard sharp shadow . in the distance , the jutting spine of new construction , shoot line of steel into the sky . dizzy with the sight Rose walk headlong towards a horse and carriage make a sudden turn onto a cross-street . startle , Rose fall backwards into a male pedestrian , and hit the ground . the pedestrian glance back with a flash of annoyance as he march on . Rose watch as the crowd resume its busy pace , march past she , oblivious . Rose , still on the ground , look up to see a young workman in a cap , offer she he hand . she accept he help and he get she to she foot again . workman give I you hand , it 's all right . there you go . as he chat with she , soundlessly , she struggle to retrieve she newspaper clipping . workman ( cont 'd ) first time in the city ? must be from the look on you face . get to be careful out here . if it 's not the horse and carriage that get you it 's 1ll be the cab that knock you down ... what 's that there ? she open up the clipping and hold it out to he , questioningly . the workman look back at she , not understanding she lack of response . she point to the address of the promenade theater , frame at the bottom of the article until he nod , finally , smile , and point up and over from where they be stand . workman ( cont ’d ) well , you best bet be probably the uptown streetcar . ( more ) 61 62 wonderstruck 31 . workman ( cont 'd ) just head up over to Broadway , one block over and two block up . that 's right ... Rose nod ' thank you 's and smile in return . the workman resume he duty and she head on she way . int / ext . port authority and midtown STREET ( 42nd ST & 8th 61 ave ) - 1977 - day SOUND . Ben wake up and walk through the station , come to the door of Port Authority . he push through the door into the swarm , teaming fray . what do he see ? people of every shape and size and color , hurtle past he , the swirl steaming , dirty city , a riot of bright color and pattern . New York be in the middle of a heat wave and everyone sweat and burn . Ben be thrilled , overwhelm , frighten , but know he have a mission ... he look up at the nearest street sign which read : 42nd Street . he step beside a security booth , reach into he pocket and take out he wolf wallet . he carefully retrieve the old bookmark , turn it over to inspect the address of the bookstore it come from : kincaid 's book , West 73rd Street Ben turn to look back behind he . a block away : 41st street . satisfied , he turn back around , put the bookmark and wallet away , and set off on he journey . he forges past the glaring tooth of taxi and dirty bus , join the other pedestrian crossing the street . suddenly he be among they shiny stringy body , the clash color of they skimpy clothes . at the corner , jazz-funk music blare from a pass car . a newsstand be stuff with daily papers shouting out bold - face headline . he continue uptown , into the smell and haze and beat sun . ext . midtown STREET ( 44th ST & 9th ave ) - 1977 - day 62 silence . Ben watch as the city pass by , try to guard he emotion . Inside , though , he can not believe he eye . crumble tenement , graffiti cover wall , shattered window , garbage . 63 wonderstruck 32 . and the face of people sit on stoops or stand on corner , stare back at he as if he a stranger from another planet . at least that 's what it feel like to he , walk uptown . suddenly - he be bump hard by someone pass by - and SOUND rip in - scream siren , bark dog . Ben spot a hot dog vendor at the corner . he be starve . he take out he wallet and rifle for a single dollar . a hand come out of the crowd and snatch it . Ben look up in a panic , and spot the thief run away . BEN hey ! stop ! give that back ! Ben tear off after he . he see the thief toss something behind he before vanish around a corner . Ben squeeze past a elderly couple and spot something up ahead , drop in the gutter . it 's he wallet . Ben snatch it up and hover near a doorway . his money be go but he 's relieved to see that both the article about he mother and the quote about the star have survive . dejected , starve , and without any money , Ben put the wallet back into he pocket . he forges ahead into the silent madness . ext . new york CITY - street - 1927 - day 63 music . the window of a city trolley flicker by , cascade past face and silvery reflection until we come to Rose , she face push against the window , a crack of wind in she hair . the trolley come to a stop and we follow as she make she way out the door and back onto the street . she look around for a street sign and hurry across the street . she turn a corner , and there it be . the promenade theater . she approach the grand , arching facade and stop to read the marquee : lillian mayhew in my mother 's advice . tomorrow at 8 64 65 wonderstruck 33. ext . promenade theater - 1927 - day 64 a ticket line have form outside the theater , along poster for the play . Rose try the lobby door , push she face up to the glass , but they be lock . people in line be holler remark ( in silence ) and point she to the back of the line . Rose proceed toward the back of the line , then spot something around the corner of the building . a truck be unload into the rear of the theater . Rose make she way up to the freight entrance , past delivery men haul crate into the theater . she slip inside the stage landing and scurries into the rear of the building . int . promenade theater - backstage - 1927 - day 65 music continue as she slither past a stagehand surround by prop and costume , slip into the auditorium of the theater . Rose make she way through a narrow corridor . stepping out , she suddenly find herself at the foot of the stage where a full dress rehearsal be in progress . light beam down from the dusty rafter set the stage aglow . the set be a 1920 's version of a garden in a 18th century french estate . Rose suddenly stop dead in she track . there , onstage , be lillian mayhew herself . she be dress in a 18th century costume with a adorn white powder wig , play the young french noblewoman , adelis . onstage with she be a actor play she young handsome suitor , Valentin , and a man play the elderly tutor , monsieur raqueu . two additional actor stand on either side of raqueu , dress as sentries . at adelis 's command , the two sentries have just let go of raqueu , who brushes off he clothing , indignantly . lillian then address he , move from one beam of light to the next . despite she heavy theatrical make - up and oversize gesture , lillian mayhew be every bit as beautiful in the flesh as she be in she photograph . [ the follow dialogue from the play and what follow will not be ' hear 's but will be perform by the actor ] : wonderstruck 34 . lillian [ as adelis ] dear raqueu , my time with you have be long . you remember my mother , Madame onjolie , and she quiet , good heart . you remember she death and you have watch as my father grow bitter , shutting I away on this grounds , alone . but you know not that it be dream of my mother that lead I to Valentin and he poet 's heart . and it be my mother 's advice that I now take . Rose , who suddenly feel a tear come to she eye , accidentally knock she embroider bag into a ladder . a large light - bulb fall to the floor , shatter . everyone turn , startle , include lillian mayhew . the director , seat in the orchestra , holler director what the hell be that ? Rose , shocked , stare back , unable to move . lillian well , who do we have here ? the director continue bark from the orchestra as the stage manager leap to he foot . director how do this child get in here ? ( to the stage manager ) Stan ? stage manager do not look at I ! Little girl , we be in rehearsal ! director Stan , would you please take care of this , and right away ? cut he off , to the shock of everyone present , lillian be already on she way to the girl . lillian now , now - have not any of you brute ever see a child before ? ( take Rose by the hand ) you come along with I ... 66 67 wonderstruck 35 . director lillian !? and before anyone quite know what 's happen , lillian be lead Rose back out the way she come , leave she fellow actor and crew stare wide - eye , though no one more wide - eye than Rose herself . int . promenade theater - hallway - moment later - day 66 music build as lillian lead Rose down a shadowy hallway fill with old prop , sign , and costume rack . a stagehand stare . she come to she dress room door , bear she name and a gold star , and push open the door . int . promenade theater - dressing room - continuous - day 67 lillian shut the door behind they , immediately drop the mask of kindness . lillian what do you do to you hair ? look at you ! Rose touch she newly cut hair . lillian step to the mirror and remove she wig . she grab a cigarette from she cigarette case and light it , take a few deep drag , and begin talk to herself in great frustration . lillian ( cont 'd ) what on earth could be in that head of yours ? what be you father think ? ( to Rose , who do not understand ) do he have any idea where you be ? what in God 's name be you do here ?!... the tight skull cap under the wig make she look even more menace . Rose take out a pad of paper and write something down in reply . with great plead eye , she hold it up to lillian : I miss you , mama . lillian mayhew , the great movie star - Rose 's mother - stare back . she shake she head , speak to herself , in reply . lillian ( cont 'd ) what do I do to deserve this ? ( to Rose , yell ) ( more ) 68 wonderstruck 36 . lillian ( cont 'd ) I be work ! do you understand ?! you can not be run around on you own - you be deaf ! she gesture to she ear with the word and grab back the pad , scrawling furiously : you could get hit by a car or kidnap ! Rose take the pad and write something in reply , which she hold up : so could anyone ! lillian can not take any more . lillian ( cont 'd ) now I have to find someone to take you home ! Rose do not understand she . lillian , exasperate , yell back with force exaggeration and strong gesture . lillian ( cont 'd ) ( point out the door ) I have to work ! ( sit Rose down at the vanity ) now you stay put ! she drop the pad and in front of she daughter , pat she roughly on the head and hurriedly replace she wig . then she head to the door , gather she wit and leave , close the door behind she . Rose wait a moment , then go to the door . lock . she bang on it but she be trap . she wipe she eye and look up . she spot a small window . ext . new york STREET ( 73th ST & broadway ) - 1977 - day 68 SOUND . Ben continue to walk uptown . he 's start to bake in the heat , as two businessmen , sweat through they polyester suit , nearly knock he over . he decide to turn off the Avenue onto a cross-street . there , a group of shirtless boy , he age and older , mostly black and latino , have open up a fire hydrant and be play in the wild spray . Ben stumble right into the water , shocked by the sudden wetness and cold . he jump backwards and be nearly swipe by a taxi . 69 70 wonderstruck 37 . one of the boy at the fire hydrant watch Ben as he pass . as Ben continue by , a rainbow be catch in the mist . a few little girl stand watch , next to some bike leave on the sidewalk .. ext . new york STREET -( 75 th ST ) - later - day 69 SOUND continue as Ben walk past a burnt - out building . a large black man sit out on a tangle stoop , drink a beer from a can . silence . Ben accelerate down the street until he see the building that match the number on the book mark . ext . abandoned storefront - continuous - 1977 - day 70 debris and trash litter the street . a break metal grate be pull across a window of shattered glass cover in sheet of ruin plywood . remnant of a sign hang from a nail , which read : kin D bo KS Ben press he eye against a hole in the plywood . he can see inside the abandon store , but something dart by near he foot . a rat jump out of a crack in the concrete , and Ben jump backwards in disgust . he stumble into someone pass on the street , and spin around on he heel , startle . SOUND . Ben have bump into a boy , about he age , with long curly black hair and olive skin . he be wear a stripe shirt , a green backpack on one shoulder , and a pow bracelet on he wrist . a Polaroid camera hang around he neck . boy ow ! watch it ! the boy take a harder look at Ben and realize he 's just a kid , a kid with a very lose expression on he face . boy ( cont ’d ) oh - ( disconcert ) ... sorry ... the boy look from Ben to the old storefront . 71 72 wonderstruck 38. Ben see the boy be speak to he but he can not read he lip . the boy point down the block as if give direction . boy ( cont ’d ) if you be look for the bookstore , it move around the corner , a few block down ... on 74th ... boy' father vamo Jamie , llego tarde . Ben see that the boy 's father be wait impatiently ahead , tapping he wristwatch . the man have a black mustache and glass . boy ( join he father ) I be just tell he ... the boy and the father hurry off down the street . he look back towards Ben briefly before disappear into the crowd . BEN hey ! Ben catch the boy 's eye , and for some reason decide to follow . int . promenade theater - dressing room - 1927 - day 71 music . Rose be climb up a pile of hat box and make - up case to reach the dress room window , which she manage to open . she toss she embroider bag through to the street then shimmy she body on through . ext . promenade theater / store - 1927 - day 72 Rose stand and straighten out she dress . she walk over to a store window next - door to the theater where she see a window dresser put the finish touch on a window display . the display feature a cardboard replica of the city skyline , make out of cosmetics box , which remind Rose of she own paper city . she smile at the man in the window , who smile back . 73 74 wonderstruck 39 . ext . new york STREET / store - 1927 - day 73 music continue as we see someone spot Rose from across the street . a attractive young woman with a bob haircut , we realize it 's Doctor kincaid 's maid , pearl , on she day off . shock , Pearl recognize Rose , alone and out of place on the street of New York . Rose glance up from the storefront as a door open and the stage manager , from inside the theater , step out for some air . she decide she better start move , in case he spot she on the loose , so she gather she belonging and continue on she way . Pearl , see Rose go , start to follow , when two policemen , on the beat , officer engel and officer murtha emerge from around the corner , walk directly into she path . pearl officer ! wait ! there 's a girl , just turn the corner . I know she - she can not hear a thing . she 's deaf ... ( tap she ear ) policeman engel so ? pearl she 's my former boss 's daughter . she should not be here . she 's go to get hurt ! you have get to find she . policeman murtha which way do she go ? pearl ( point ) that way . she 's twelve year old . with a embroider purse over she shoulder . ext . new york STREET / american museum of natural history 74 1977 - day Ben dodge through the crowd , spot glimpsis of the boy ahead , he stripe shirt and green backpack , walk briskly with he father . 75 76 wonderstruck 40. Ben turn a corner , think he 's lose they . then , half - way up a huge concrete staircase , he spot the two of they . they be about to enter a building on Central Park West that look like some kind of castle . Ben see a statue of a figure on horseback in the middle of the staircase . there be giant column across the facade , and banner flutter in the wind . people sit on the stair . a mime entertain the crowd . the boy turn back , just before enter the building , and catch sight of Ben . he give Ben a smile , then vanish through the revolve door . Ben wonder if the boy want he to follow . he see a sign at the top of the step with the name of the building on it : the american museum of natural history ext . american museum of natural history - 1927 - day 75 music . we see a large brick building , with two staircase form a arch over a entrance way , on 77th street . but in fact , it 's a photograph we be look at , on the postcard Rose be hold . printed on the white border at the bottom of the postcard we can now see : the american Museum of Natural History , 1927 . Rose move the postcard away to reveal the actual museum behind it , in the exact same position as it have be in the photo . Rose turn the postcard over . it 's the one we have see before ( though we have never see the front image ) , the one with the word : happy birthday , Rose , Love you brother walter ... Rose , with she embroider bag at she foot , watch people head into the museum . she join they . int . american museum of natural history ( amnh ) - rotunda 's 76 SOUND . in the main rotunda , the boy with the stripe shirt be speak with he dad - in both Spanish and English . wonderstruck 41 . boy' father okay Jamie . tres en punto . en mis oficina . yes ? boy yes , papa . boy' father no se meta en problema ... I do not want another call from security . boy okay . the boy 's father show he id to a security guard and vanish down a hallway . the boy be on he own now . he turn and see Ben , in the distance , come through the revolve door . he smile to himself . he see Ben look around the huge lobby of the museum , at the mural cover the wall and the quote from Theodore Roosevelt . the boy watch as Ben look toward the admission line , and take out he wallet . he look inside it , glumly . he watch as Ben close he wallet and absently return it to he pocket - but miss it . the wallet fall to the floor with a thud - which , we understand , Ben do not hear . instead he look around the lobby without catch sight of the boy , and continue on . the boy scurries over and snatch up the wallet , then hurry after Ben . he tap Ben on the shoulder , who turn to see a flash of stripe and green . silence . the boy wave the wallet with a devilish grin , then run off playfully . Ben automatically check he pocket , realize it 's not there , and spin around , search for the boy . BEN hey that 's mine ! he spot the boy , crouch down beneath a stanchion at the far right end of the room . he 's smile at Ben , wave Ben 's wallet . he beckon he to follow . Ben run over , but when he get there , the boy be go . Ben look around , make sure the guard be not watch , and sneak under the stanchion . 77 78 79 80 81 wonderstruck 42. int . amnh - hall of african mammal - 1977 - day 77 Ben run through a large entry - way where he find himself face down a herd of elephant . it 's the Hall of African mammal . the diorama lining the wall on either side of the room glow like window into other world , and herd of school child run like mad from animal to animal . he glance around : where do the boy go ? he spot he through the forest of elephant leg in the middle of the room . he start after he again , as the game of chase ensue throughout the museum . int . amnh - hall of NORTH american forest - 1977 - day 78 SOUND . the boy run past a giant mosquito in a large glass cover display . a moment later Ben run past it as well . they turn into silhouettes as they dash past the glow display of tree . int . amnh - entrance hall - 1927 - day 79 music . Rose have gingerly enter the museum as well ( we see the flooding daylight from the great hall behind she . ) we follow as she slip into shadow and come to settle in front of a large glass display . she softly stroke the glass case of the giant mosquito , which have be in the museum for decade . she look up to see : int . amnh - dioramas - 1927 - day 80 we see what Rose see ... a pack of hyenas , a herd of elk , two bear , three leopard , ibex , buffalo ... animal behind glass , look , unmove , wait ... int . amnh - hall of asian mammal - 1927 - day 81 music escort Rose as she continue walk past the glass display , past a small elephant group , and settling in front of the diorama of a monkey with a baby in its arm . 82 83 84 85 86 wonderstruck 43. stare close at the baby monkey and its mother , Rose feel a wave of sadness , and put she hand on the glass . a guard notice she , and eye she warily . int . amnh - giant whale room - 1977 - day 82 the boy pass beneath the giant whale and Ben come run after he . int . amnh - meteorite room - 1977 - day 83 SOUND . Ben follow the boy into a octagonal room and come upon a giant black rock . he see a sign and unconsciously whisper the word to himself as he read BEN '' this meteorite fall to earth thousand of year ago , and be bring to the museum in 1902 ... all meteorite begin they journey to Earth as shoot star , burn across the night sky . '' int . amnh - meteorite room - 1927 - day 84 music . in the meteorite room , Rose be read the text on the same sign . Rose reach out and touch the word '' shoot star ... " Rose walk around the meteorite , touch the black surface ... int . amnh - meteorite room - 1977 - day 85 SOUND . Ben walk around the meteorite , touch the black surface ... int . amnh - meteorite room - 1927 - day 86 music . Rose 's hand continue across the meteorite until : wonderstruck 44 , a couple of boy run by . one reach into he pocket and take out a penny , toss it to the top of the meteorite . the other boy laugh and run off . Rose look up and see the penny sit on the top of the meteorite reflect in a mirror on the ceiling . Rose sit down next to the meteorite , take out a paper and pencil to make a quick sketch . opposite she , three schoolgirls . one girl be rummage through she purse look for coin . girl 1 of course it will come true . girl 2 that 's fountain , not meteorite ! girl 1 it say meteorite be shoot star , which you can wish on ! do you have it or not ? girl 2 ( find coin and hand it over ) Fine ! here it be ! be you go to wish he marries you ? girl 1 no ! that 's not what I be wishing at all ! girl 2 wish do not come true on meteorite anyway ! girl 1 yes they do ! Rose watch they from a sad reserve , they giggle and fool with each other . she look down at the first few line of she sketch and write : where do I belong ? then she begin fold the piece of paper into a boat . Rose step up on the platform , and she place the paper boat atop the meteorite , as if set it assail on a vast black sea . Rose look at it reflect in the mirror on the ceiling . 87 88 89 90 wonderstruck 45 . int . amnh - meteorite room - 1977 - day 87 SOUND - Museum speaker chime , ushere a announcement , strike a eerie note as Ben 's eye scan the ceiling mirror for any sign of the boy . int . amnh - meteorite room - 1927 - day 88 music rattles as the same guard from before step up behind Rose and begin scolding she , shaking he finger and point to the top of the meteorite . guard you again ? hello ? and what be that , anyway ? hello ? I be address you , young lady ! Rose , who do not hear he tirade , appear to be once again ignore he . the guard tap she on the shoulder with he stick . int . amnh - meteorite room - 1977 - day 89 past the strewn penny and nickel on the roof of the meteorite we arrive at ... a hand wave , the flash of a grin face and the boy run off again . Ben leap back into action . int . amnh - meteorite room - 1927 - day 90 Rose spin around , startle . she shrink back from the guard and run off . guard come back here ! come back here at once and remove whatever it be - ! 91 92 93 94 95 wonderstruck 46. int . amnh - hall of NORTH american mammal - 1977 - day 91 SOUND . Ben see the boy , stand at the end of a narrow corridor line with diorama , wait . Ben catch he breath , then walk in he direction . the boy be laugh . boy ( smiling , out of breath ) anyway ... I just think you have like to see this one - here ! over here - since you have it on you - Ben , who be sweaty and out of breath , slowly continue to walk towards he . int . amnh - hallway - 1927 - day 92 Rose move swiftly to escape the guard . step ahead of he , she hide behind a display case and wait . int . amnh - hall of NORTH american mammal - 1977 - day 93 silence . the boy be talk but Ben can only watch he lip move . Ben now notice that the boy be point . boy hey ! what ?... what ?... Ben turn to see what he 's point at ... int . amnh - hallway - 1927 - day 94 think she be in the clear , Rose stand only to come face to face with the guard . she 's be catch . int . amnh - hall of NORTH american mammal - 1977 - day 95 Ben 's eye widen in shock . he 's look at : 96 97 wonderstruck 47. the Wolf diorama . there , behind the glass , be two wolf - freeze , as if gallop through the artificial snow , at night , bath in blue moonlight . the aurora borealis blaze in the paint sky . it 's exactly like he dream . Ben drop he satchel and the boy can not help but notice the shocked look on he face . boy what be it ? what 's wrong ? Ben stare at the wolf , the moon , the snow , the footprint . he cover he eye with he hand ... ext . minnesota wood - night 96 brief image of the wolve at night the dream wolf , run through the forest , turn and leap , freezing at the exact moment they have become : int . amnh - hall of NORTH american mammal - 1977 - day 97 ...- the wolf diorama . the boy be try to talk to Ben , but Ben ignore he and read the sign to the leave side of the diorama . the first line of the sign say : Wolf ( canis lupis ) ... and below that : gunflint Lake , Minnesota Ben be in shock as he read the display description : '' this typical December winter scene be place at the margin of gunflint Lake . the time be Midnight . '' silence . Ben , overwhelm , stumble backwards , leave he satchel where he have drop it . he back into the wall opposite the diorama and slide to the floor , never take he eye off the diorama . how be this possible ? SOUND . the boy run over to Ben try to help he . boy hey ! wonderstruck 48 . Ben do not hear he . the boy bring Ben 's satchel to he and crouch down . boy ( cont ’d ) what 's go on ? be you okay ? what 's happen ? be you sick ? BEN ( speak too loud ) why do you stop here , in front of this ...? the boy sit next to Ben and try to quiet he . boy shh ! I think you like wolf . the boy stand and reach into he pocket and pull out Ben 's wolf wallet . he hand it to Ben and sit back down . boy ( cont ’d ) you drop it in the rotunda . BEN ( shaking he head ) I can not hear you . boy why ? BEN because I be deaf . boy really ? oh ! I think you be just ignore I when I be call for you and you do not answer ... okay - that make sense ... Ben do not understand , so he reach into he pocket and pull out he spiral notebook and hand it to the boy . BEN here . boy ( speak as he write ) I ...did not know ... you be deaf . the boy point to himself . boy ( cont ’d ) me? Jamie . wonderstruck he write on the pad : Jamie BEN ( read ) Jamie . Ben now point to himself . BEN ( cont ’d ) ( too loud ) I be ben. jamie shh ! Jamie start do sign language with he hand , but Ben do not understand . jamie ( cont 'd ) I learn it in school . BEN I do not know sign language . jamie why ? BEN ( quieter now , try to modulate he voice ) I have only be deaf for ... actually it just happen . jamie how ? BEN ( read he lip ) lightn . jamie lightn ?? Ben nod . jamie ( cont 'd ) I think lightning kill you . 49 , Ben do not understand so Jamie write : lighting kill you BEN ( shrug ) not always . wonderstruck 50 . Jamie think for a second , then write : be it scary ? BEN ( cont ’d ) be hit by lightning ? Jamie shake he head . write : be deaf . BEN ( cont ’d ) ( shrug ) oh. sometimes . mostly it 's just ... quiet . behind they a old woman enter the exhibit hall . Jamie take special notice of she , confide in Ben . jamie see that lady over there ? BEN what ? jamie she 's always here . it 's so weird ... ( point to Ben 's satchel ) you ...runaway ? Jamie make he finger into run leg . Ben understand and nod . jamie ( cont 'd ) from where ? ( write and speak ) where ... be ... you ... from ? after a moment of hesitation , Ben get up and start to walk forward , towards the diorama , as if hypnotize . he raise he arm and press he finger to the sign on the wall next to the wolf diorama : '' gunflint Lake . '' Jamie chuckle . Ben turn to he . he be not joke . jamie ( cont 'd ) really ? Jamie stand up and move Ben so he be directly in front of the diorama . he raise he Polaroid camera from around he neck . Jamie take he picture . the flash go off , blind Ben for a moment . the sound of the photo rush out of the camera morph into ... wonderstruck 51 . 98 int . amnh - northwest coast indian hall - 1927 - day 98 music bark as the guard furiously scold Rose . like Rose , we watch he lip movie . guard where do you think you be , at a playground ? this be a museum ! you can not go scamper about like a wild animal , ignore the rule ! I be this close to expel you from the premise once and for all . do you understand I ? do you ? Rose listen , nodd , backstepp - then suddenly spot something at the front of the room : the two policeman from outside the theater be stand with the Museum security chief , a man in he 60' , who spot Rose 's Guard from across the room . the Security Chief gesture he over . he do not see Rose , who be block by a pillar . security chief otto ! over here , please . Rose 's Guard stand upright with raise eyebrow , then nod to the chief . guard yes , sir . right away , sir ! ( to Rose , in firm but lower tone ) now you stay put , you understand I ? i’1l contend with you in a moment ... Fine day this turn out to be ... he gather himself and start over to where the Security Chief and the two policeman be wait . Rose watch he go , then slink off out of sight . she skulk along through the shadow , past display cabinet and carving . she peek back through a gap in the room and spot : the Guard and the two policeman , exchange information . she see the Guard look back to where he leave she . when he see she be no longer there , Rose double up she speed , rush along . 99 100 101 wonderstruck 52. int . amnh - stairwell - 1977 - day 99 SOUND . the door crash open and Jamie lead Ben up a flight of stair . int . amnh - museum hallway - 1977 - day 100 the boy sneak out and Jamie show Ben how to slither past a open office doorway where two secretary be work - first Jamie , then Ben . Jamie motion Ben around a corner . there Jamie approach a old double door at the end of the hallway . the sign on the door : private , close to the public Jamie motion Ben to quietly follow he inside . Jamie stop a moment , hearing the click -click of someone approach down the hall . he hold up a finger to he mouth to Ben , warning he to be quiet . then he very quietly turn the knob of the door and slip inside . Ben quietly follow . int . amnh - storage room - continuous - 1977 - day 101 Ben follow he through a dark narrow passageway with chair and table stack to the ceiling along one wall . the narrow room open up to a large open space with a tall ceiling . Old plastic tarp cover tall dusty window overlook a shaftway , so the light that filter in be dusty and gray . the room appear to be about half as big as it once be due to all the mass of item store within - half of they old diorama 's , like the one Ben and Jamie have pass between . what 's leave of the room be fill with crumble box spilling with papers , shelf , ledger , object wrap in cloth , a pile of old furniture , all pile up to the water - stain ceiling - everything coat with thick layer of dust . BEN ( look around ) what be this place ? jamie my secret room ! ( he write ) my ... secret ... room — Jamie show Ben what he write , then gesture : jamie ( cont 'd ) you can stay here . wonderstruck 53 . he sit , write something down , and Ben join he , watch as he write it . jamie ( cont 'd ) this can be - ( write ) : you ... hideout ! BEN ( after read he word ) thanks . jamie so ... ( he write it down and say ) : why ... run ... away ? BEN oh . Ben pause , then he take out he wallet . he unfold the article about he mom 's death and hand it to Jamie . BEN ( cont 'd ) my mom ... Jamie read it . he furrow he brow sympathetically . jamie oh . BEN yeah . jamie sorry . he hand Ben back the article . jamie ( cont 'd ) what about you dad ? Jamie write on the pad : dad BEN that 's who I come here to find . jamie be you parent ... ( he write ) divorced ? BEN no . Ben take wonderstruck 54 . jamie ( point to himself ) mine be . BEN hmm . oh. out the kincaid 's bookmark and hand it to Jamie . BEN ( cont ’d ) I think he might be here . jamie oh ! I try to tell you before - kincaid 's - ( grab pen , start write ) kincaid 's ... be not clo - he be write : kincaid 's be not '' - but he stop a moment . Ben glance up at he face . Jamie resume , turn the '' c '' into a '' of '' jamie ( cont 'd ) . ( write and speak ) - open now . BEN yeah , obviously ! jamie ( suddenly sounding a little guilty ) hey , I do not know you be deaf . I do not know you be look for you father . otherwise I would not have tell you ... BEN what be you say ? write it down ! jamie yeah , sorry ... so , I still do not understand ... he write : how you get here alone ? BEN my cousin Janet help I . she owed I a favor , so she bring my bag and some thing with some money from my mother 's rainy day fund . wonderstruck 55 . jamie so ... ( write and speak ) : she ... know ... where ... you be ? BEN no . no one know where I be . jamie I do . Ben read he lip and smile . Ben 's stomach growl . BEN I be starve . jamie ooh ! Jamie happily reach into he knapsack and , like a magic trick , pull out a sandwich . jamie ( cont 'd ) ta-da ! he give half to Ben and keep half for himself . jamie ( cont 'd ) there you go . BEN thank you . Jamie , while still a few bite into he sandwich , raise he right hand and make a fist . then he straighten he finger and cross he thumb over he palm . next he make the shape of a crescent moon . he 's repeat the shape he have make earlier - the sign language alphabet . he next touch all he finger to he thumb except for he index finger , which he point straight up . Jamie motion for Ben to repeat what he 's do . when Ben have trouble get the shape right , Jamie adjust Ben 's hand , bend a finger or tightening a fist . they continue through the alphabet , finish they sandwich halve , as we float around the storage room , take in all of its dusty detail , its pile and box and antique trays . a quiet bit of music , perhaps associate with rose 's story , filter in . 102 wonderstruck 56 . int . amnh - storage room - moment later - 1977 - day 102 they be finish the alphabet . jamie good ... that 's good . ( suddenly remember ) I almost forget ! I want to show you ... Ben do not understand he , but he watch as Jamie go to a shelf and pull out a shoe box fill with Polaroid . Ben stuff the remain portion of sandwich in he mouth and walk on he knee over to he . Jamie sort through the picture . Ben start to flip through the photo . there seem to be hundred of they . most seem to be picture take around the museum , dinosaur and lizard and bird . there be picture of the diorama , elk and the wolf and bear and buffalo . there be also lot of picture of visitor , family , close up of shoe and coat and child , all unaware they be be photograph . one be a picture , from behind , of the old woman they have see earlier near the wolf diorama . Jamie point to she . jamie ( cont 'd ) see ! that lady ! remember she ? BEN ( still chew ) mm-hmm . Jamie then pull out a photo of a brown skinned woman with long dark hair and dark eye . she 's stand next to a brick apartment building with a tree and some taxi in the background . the image be nearly wash out by the sun . jamie my mom . mi madre . she work a lot . Jamie write simultaneously : Mom then : we live in queen . BEN queen ? you do not live in New York ? jamie queen be in New York . wonderstruck 57 . BEN what ? jamie forget it . BEN oh ... and this . Ben present to Jamie he treasure item - the first person he 's be able to share it with yet ! he hand he wonderstruck , which Jamie open . jamie whoa . BEN I find it in my mom 's room . it 's from here except a long time ago . Jamie flip through the page . BEN ( cont ’d ) ... it 's where I find the bookmark . for kincaid 's . it 's why I be here . exhausted , Ben start to sink and close he eye . he yawn . jamie you okay ? BEN sorry . I be really tired . Jamie jump up . jamie ( gesture with he word ) take a nap ! BEN okay . Jamie grab a caveman rug off of a nearby shelf . Ben stand up and together they unfold the rug and lay it out flat on the floor . a tired Ben collapse . Jamie reach down and wrap the bottom of the rug over he to use as a blanket . they laugh as Jamie turn off the light and head towards the door . jamie I all be back later . 103 104 wonderstruck 58 . BEN thanks , Jamie . Ben look around the room and smile before close he eye and fall asleep . int . amnh - museum hallway - 1927 - day 103 music . Rose spot the cop and the guard return , and she make she retreat down the hall toward a gather crowd of museum -goer . int . amnh - cabinet of wonder - moment later - 1927 104 up ahead a crowd stand on line at the entrance to a newly - open exhibition . Rose sneak unseen towards the front of the line . Rose glance back , and see the cop , the guard and the Security Chief consulting near the stairwell . the Chief point they in the direction of the exhibition ahead . she approach the entry to the exhibition . the large sign station by the entrance read : cabinet of wonder . how museum began she weave she way into the exhibition , join the mingling spectator . what she discover inside be something she 's never see before . the exhibition be a recreation of a old cabinet of wonder , right down to the fossil , strange fish , and thousand other magnificent and fascinating object . we recognize it immediately from figure 9 , the engrave in Ben 's book ... except it 's real . Rose walk towards the free-stand cabinet in the center of the room , the one with a crown at the top make of coral and seashell . a taxidermied giraffe 's head seem to peek up from one edge Rose look back and see the cop arrive at the exhibition . she quickly start look around for a place to hide as miss conrad , a saleswoman , inform a young man with glass work near she at the souvenir stand , about the police who be after a girl in the museum . 105 106 wonderstruck 59 . slip behind the central display , Rose find a hollow of space behind a rear cabinet and slide down to the floor . she pull she knee up to she chin , prop she bag next to she . we hear : jamie ( pre - lap ) Ben - Ben ! int . amnh - storage room - 1977 - night 105 SOUND . Jamie flicker a flashlight on Ben as he sleep . Ben do not stir , so Jamie toss snack on he to rouse he from he sleep . jamie wake up ! come on ! BEN no . jamie I tell my father I be stay over at a friend 's house . so we have the whole museum to ourselves ! BEN I can not hear you ! jamie follow I ! come on ! Jamie beckon for Ben to follow he into a dark hallway . Ben , groggily follow . int . amnh - corridor - 1977 - night 106 Jamie lead Ben down a long hallway . most of the interior light have be turn off so they follow the beam of the flashlight . Jamie suddenly stop . both of they startle . 107 108 109 110 111 112 wonderstruck 60. int . amnh - cabinet of wonder - 1927 - day 107 Music . Rose peek out from behind the cabinet but do not notice the shadow of a outstretch hand that be come towards she . int . amnh - corridor - 1977 - night 108 Jamie and Ben press they body flatly against the wall as a security guard enter the hallway . int . amnh - cabinet of wonder - 1927 - day 109 the shadow of the hand extend towards Rose , then suddenly grab she shoulder and she jump , terrify . int . amnh - stairwell - 1977 - night 110 Jamie lead Ben up a dank stairwell . int . amnh - cabinet of wonder - 1927 - day 111 Rose look at the person who have catch she . it 's not the guard or the cop ... it 's the young man with glass from outside the exhibition . he sternly gesture for Rose to follow he . int . amnh - workshop - 1977 - night 112 the boy go through a maze of hallway , smaller now and more cluttere with old thing in storage . they come to a sign that say workshop and inside they explore the place where all the exhibition be make . 113 wonderstruck 61. there be wall of metal tool and jar of mysterious liquid and sink and chair . cabinet with mold and display stand line the wall . Animal form hang from the ceiling . Jamie lead Ben through a series of storage room and work room , and the boy run they hand across shelf after shelf of old dinosaur bone and row of little bird in box and seashell , bug , ancient clothing , spear head , turquoise jewelry , ivory button and a thousand other fascinating thing . Ben breathes deeply . he 's thrilled . BEN wow . Ben play with some of the object . jamie hey , look . see ? the light go through . Jamie shine the flashlight through a glass eye as Ben place another pair of glass eye over he own eye like a monster . Jamie laugh . the boy continue through the room , touch everything from clay mask to plaster wing as they pass . they stop at a butterfly mount on a branch . jamie ( cont 'd ) wow . Jamie blow a breath of air against the butterfly 's wing . the wing flutter . Ben look around and touch a wax sculpture of a bird anda run he finger through the fur of a taxidermied mountain goat up above . BEN hey . check this out . Jamie emerge and approach Ben with he flashlight . jamie Ben ! come on . let 's go ! int . amnh - hallway - 1977 - night 113 Jamie lead Ben to another hallway line on both side as far as they could see with black filing cabinet , five drawer high . 114 115 wonderstruck 62. Ben stop and open one of the filing cabinet . it 's stuff completely with papers and file and photo . Ben open a drawer at random , reach into a file , and pull out a large black and white photo of the museum in the 1920' . it 's the entrance that we have see Rose go into . BEN Jamie . what be all this stuff ? jamie ( put he finger to he lip ) shh. secret ! Ben put the photo back . he look down the endless hallway at all the filing cabinet . a idea start to form in he mind , but ... jamie ( cont 'd ) come on ! Jamie lead Ben away from the cabinet at which he be look . the label : Hall of North american mammal int . amnh - museum hallway - 1927 - day 114 music . the young man with glass have Rose firmly in hand as he speak to miss conrad , the saleswoman from the souvenir counter . Rose look around , anxiously , before settling on the pile of book in front of she , on display . they be brand new copy of the catalogue book from the exhibition title : wonderstruck . the saleswoman nod and take the man 's place at the counter . then the young man shuffles Rose off to a nearby office . int . amnh - office - continuous - 1927 - day 115 the young man close the door behind they . Inside , along the narrow office wall , there be painting and photograph related to the museum , collection of butterfly , pin inside frame , and portrait of past museum president stare down at Rose . the young salesman sit Rose down and grab a piece of paper and pencil from a desk , lean down to write . 116 wonderstruck 63. he turn the page to show Rose what he have write . it read : what be you do here ? this be walter , Rose 's brother . int . amnh - storage room - 1977 - night 116 SOUND . Jamie and Ben be hurry back into the storage room , switch on the light and catch they breath . jamie open it ! BEN what ? the boy fall to the floor huddle over a green folder they have take . there 's a small plastic tab at the top of the file and inside be a piece of paper that say : wolf : gunflint Lake , Minnesota jamie come on , the file ! open it up . they flip through the page and see photograph of bird , animal and tree that Ben know from home . photograph of the sky and cloud and stone and wide expanse of snow . BEN the wolf . jamie whoa . that be so cool . on the bottom of most of the photo it say '' 1965 . '' BEN ( read ) February , ' 65 ... that 's the year before I be bear . Ben and Jamie uncover several drawing of wildlife , egret , etc . but mostly more wolf in every possible position . Ben marvel at the way they run and sit and jump across the page . he and Jamie look at each other . jamie whoa . Ben pick up the sketch of the wolf . wonderstruck 64 . BEN wow . jamie yeah ! they look at a illustration of a greenish night sky . BEN aurora . jamie Nice . Ben find drawing of gunflint Lake . picture of the lake and tree . he come upon a draw of he own house , which he stare at in shock . jamie ( cont 'd ) Ben ? what be it ? Ben do not hear he . Jamie tap he on the shoulder and repeat : '' what ? '' Ben can see he lip . BEN it 's my house . he and Jamie look at each other . Ben search intensely through the file . next come a small group of legal papers , contract , letter , receipt , chart and ticket . a letter on museum stationary have the date November 27th , 1964 type on it . Ben read : BEN ( cont ’d ) miss Elaine Wilson . that 's my mom . we scroll down the letter as Ben read it . Jamie look over Ben 's shoulder ... BEN ( v.o. ) '' dear miss Wilson ... I will be spend a few month in gunflint Lake , research a new diorama for the museum . as the town librarian , I hope you can help I with this research . please contact I at the address above ... thank you very much ... Daniel lobel '' wonderstruck 65 . the title below he name read : exhibition preparator , the american Museum of Natural History . BEN '' Daniel . lobel '' Ben be hold the letter from Daniel lobel . his hand shake . BEN ( cont ’d ) this have to be my dad . you father ... maybe he still remember he ! you have to ask he in the morning ! jamie yeah . I will . Jamie , with great seriousness , lift he camera . Ben hold the file to the side of he face and Jamie take another picture of he , document the moment . the flash be bright and seem to linger in the air . then he solemnly hand the camera to Ben who take a picture of Jamie . Jamie share he view of the note- pad with Ben and write : BEN ( read as he write ) '' I have ... never ... show ... anyone ... the museum ... before . '' Jamie , continue talk casually , as if Ben could understand : jamie but I like it here . I do not have a room at my dad 's place . ( suddenly remember something ) oh - hold on ! I think you 'il like this one . Jamie get up and lift a cardboard hood off a plastic battery - operate record player . he choose a record from a nearby stack and put it on the turntable . he lower the arm and smile , then stop and smack he head , indicate he have do something stupid . Jamie point to he own ear . wonderstruck 66 . jamie ( cont 'd ) oh. I forget . BEN it 's okay . keep it on . my mom have one like that . the bold tinny intro to the sweet 's hit , '' Fox on the run , '' ring out . and Ben put he hand on the black fabric stretch across the speaker . BEN ( cont ’d ) I can feel the vibration . Jamie and Ben start bop they head to the music . they look at each other and smile . Ben make a shape with he hand . he be go to spell something ... jamie ( " '' reading '' the letter ) f. Ben struggle to remember the next correct shape , then make the letter R. jamie ( cont 'd ) R. Ben make the letter I . jamie ( cont 'd ) i. Ben make the letter E . jamie ( cont 'd ) E. Ben make the letter N . jamie ( cont 'd ) n. together they make the letter D. jamie ( cont 'd ) D. the boy smile . the music continue to play . jamie ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) friend . cool. 117 118 wonderstruck 67. int . taxi cab - time square - 1927 - night 117 music shimmer as dazzle row and arc of light flare and fog through the window of the taxicab - a glorious idealize vision of Times Square , sparkling and glow , like a exquisite miniature in a old movie . Rose glance over at she brother walter , who be very annoyed . he glance back at she and roll he eye . she 's happy though , and she look back out at the light of the city . int . walter 's apartment - 1927 - night 118 walter lead Rose into he unlit apartment and flip on some lamp , revealing a sparsely decorate , single bedroom apartment - many book and little furniture : a student 's apartment . he sit down and pour himself a finger of brandy as Rose remain stand by the door . finally walter burst , shaking he head in disbelief mouth : walter I can not believe I have to hide you from the cop ! Rose shake she head , indicate : '' what ? '' walter grab a pad and pencil and write : the cop ! ! he and Rose laugh as he fold the pad and write another note : you know Mom - she ’1ll find you sooner or later . walter get up and grab a sleep roll from the front closet , indicate he will sleep on the roll and she can take the bedroom . but she grab the roll , to let he know that she 'il sleep on it . they have a playful game of tug of war until walter toss the roll aside and pretend that he and he sister be in a box match , a game they have play before . she deal he a mime knock out punch and walter collapse in slow motion to the ground , much to she delight . 119 wonderstruck 68. int . amnh - storage room - 1977 - night 119 SOUND : somewhere pigeon coo . Ben be asleep , wrap in the caveman blanket . Jamie be next to he , watch he friend sleep . there 's a wistfulness in he expression . he open the '' wonderstruck '' book for diversion and grab the flashlight . he turn a page , and stop , stare at something . he have turn to figure 9 , which intrigue he . something cross Jamie 's mind , and he turn the flashlight onto the room , sweeping the beam of light across its cluttere wall and pile of stuff . he look down and see the checker - board pattern on the floor which be not unlike the floor in the draw . then ... Jamie , as if in a trance , get up and notice a dangle rope above the area where Ben be sleep . he pull on the rope . a cloth come tumble down , unleash a cloud of dust . Jamie cough . he shine he flashlight up high , illuminate a large giraffe head wrap in plastic that 's be reveal . the giraffe 's black glass eye glimmer in the light . Jamie stare in wonder . he run over to jostle Ben , who jump . jamie Ben ! Ben ! wake up . come on ! he shine the flashlight in he eye . Ben stand . BEN what - what be it ? what - what be it ? Jamie hand Ben the book and flashlight , open to figure 9 . jamie look ! Jamie then shift the flashlight onto the unearth cabinet stand before they . Ben stand , stunne , take it all in . BEN it 's the same . it 's the same ! we be in the cabinet of wonder ! how do this happen ? he look at the book in he hand . BEN ( cont ’d ) why do my father have this book ? why be there a picture of my house in that file ?? what be go on ? wonderstruck 69 . Jamie do not respond . Ben can tell something be wrong . BEN ( cont 'd ) what ? Jamie grab the note pad and write something down and show Ben . it say : kincaid . BEN ( cont ’d ) what do you mean - the bookstore ? it 's go ... Jamie drop he head and write something more . he show it to Ben , who read it back , aloud . BEN ( cont ’d ) '' I try to tell you it just move . I do not know you be deaf yet . '' Ben look at Jamie , completely confuse . BEN ( cont ’d ) but ... what do you mean ? you know I be try to find my father . that 's why I go to kincaid 's in the first place . why would you wait until now ? Jamie just drop he head , deeply ashamed . jamie ( angry at himself , confess something he know Ben can not hear ) because I do not have any friend . BEN what ? Jamie write something in response . he show it to Ben . BEN ( cont ’d ) ( read out loud ) '' I want to show you '' - what ? Jamie correct a letter with he pen . BEN ( cont ’d ) ( read the correct word ) '' stuff " ? ( he look at Jamie ) '' I want to show you stuff '' ? what do that mean ? wonderstruck 70 . jamie ( in defeat , another outburst Ben will not understand ) I be afraid if you find you father he would take you away and if you do not find he you would just go back to gunflint Lake and ... BEN what ? I can not understand you ! jamie ( right to Ben ) I be go to tell you ! BEN ( read he lip ) you be go to tell I ? jamie yes ! I swear - BEN how long be you go to take ? jamie ( write he reply ) I be sorry !... okay ?! he hold up the pad where he 's write : I want you to be my friend Ben start gather he thing . BEN yeah , well ... if you want to be my friend you would have help I find my father ! jamie I am help you ! I be help you now ! I be help you now ! Ben grab he satchel and head for the door , without look back . he slam the door behind he . Jamie look after he , heartbroken . his only friend , lose . 120 121 122 wonderstruck 71 . int . walter 's apartment - bedroom - later - night - 1927 120 on walter 's bedside table sit a photo : a baby girl and a older boy ... walter and Rose . the same photo be visible in the dining room of Rose 's house , back in hoboken . walter turn off a lamp and approach Rose below , in bed , all tuck in . he playfully stick out he tongue at he sister . walter ( mouth ) good night . Rose wave good night and walter exit . Rose look around as she lay in bed . through walter 's bedroom window she look out at a slice of the shimmer Manhattan skyline ( it almost look like something Rose herself might have make from paper and cardboard ) . ext . kincaid 's book - later - 1977 - morning 121 SOUND . it 's early morning in the city but a hazy cloud of heat still hang in the air . Ben stand stare from across the street at the OPEN sign in the window of kincaid 's bookstore . somewhere , bird be already chirp . Ben make he way across the street , barely avoid a rush car . int . kincaid 's book - moment later - 1977 - morning 122 SOUND . a bell ring . Ben enter . Music from the 1920' be play on a tape machine behind the counter . old man ( v.o. ) I will be right with you ! of course Ben do not hear this , or the radio , or the bell . BEN hello ? Sunshine be pour in through the front window . shelves with book extend floor to ceiling . ladder and box everywhere . poster on the ceiling . and that chocolatey smell of old book . wonderstruck 72 . in the center of the store a wood staircase rise to a second level . every step be line with more book . there be no customer . and no employee in sight . suddenly Ben see a small dog bark at he from the top of the stair . Ben take a step toward the dog to calm he down but the dog go run off out of sight . BEN ( cont ’d ) hello ? hello ? Ben , not hearing anything , wipe he forehead with the inside of he shirt and saunter in further , see no one . he start up the stair . upstair he see no one either . he sit down on a bench at the top and decide to wait . he place he satchel beside the banister and put he head down on one arm . he yawn . he do not see ( or hear ) a old man approach from the rear of the store with a inventory book . old man ( call out ) I be sorry ... she can be a little high strung first thing in the morning ... hello ? the Old man do not see anyone , and shrug . he squeeze through the front counter and grab a stool . old man ( cont 'd ) ( absently , to the dog upstairs ) you be scare off the customer ... the Old man reach over and press a button on a stereo on a shelf behind he . the 1920 's music stop . he remove a cassette then root through a stack of other cassettes next to the player . he pick something out , pop it into the stereo and press play . very quietly , music begin ... hiss through the cassette recording but very slowly take hold of the room and , seemingly , of Ben , whose eye grow heavy , rest on the stair just above . the music be also sprach zarathustra by deodato , the jazz - funk version of the classical piece of music . and then , like a dream ... 123 124 125 wonderstruck 73. ext . new york CITY - day - 1977 123 music continue over the otherwise silent city scape - car whizzing by , the street beginning to come alive with people - but all we hear be music . through the crowd we begin to notice a old woman with long grey hair , some of which be tie up in a bun at the top of she head . she be dress smartly in a top with a little bohemian edge to it . she have a large purse with she . the Old woman be weaving she way through the crowd . she near she destination , turn a corner . and there it be : ext . kincaid 's book - 1977 - day 124 the Old woman push open the front door as the music peak . int . kincaid 's book - 1977 - day 125 the music softens . for the first time we can see that it 's the same Old woman from the museum . she be smile . but we can tell that there 's a lot of history , a lot of careful watch , in that face . she address the Old man at the counter , who look up from he book , and stand . they begin to communicate in sign language , they hand move gracefully through the air . old man ( in sign language ) what take you so long ? I be get worried ! old woman ( in sign language , smile ) sorry ! a lot to do before I leave . old man ( in sign language ) be you still free to help I with - the Old man be interrupt by the phone . he raise a finger indicate the Old woman should wait , then pick up the phone and begin to talk . wonderstruck 74 . old man ( cont 'd ) hello , kincaid ... yes , of course . we have lot of dicken ... oh yes , four or five copy I believe ... yep - open ' till five every day . you can ask for I , walter . ( he hang up phone , continue signing ) you can still help I with the inventory ? old woman ( in sign language ) yes . you know I love make order out of you chaos . old man I like you too - you be cheap labor ! they both laugh . the two old people continue to sign ( about how he fix the a /c , and just in time , etc . ) all the while , the store have become invade by a strange presence , a softly rise shimmer of anticipation . suddenly the small dog come tear past Ben , scramble down the stair . Ben , startle , gasp , jolting himself awake - which make the old man below suddenly look up . this make the old woman turn as well and Ben , see they both look up at he , leap to he foot . he grab the banister for balance , let he bag go slide down the banister rail before it topple , overturn - SOUND - the satchel land with a thud , its content spilling out all over the floor . the Old man and woman look from fall bag back up to Ben , startle and confuse , stand at the top of the stair . old man ( cont 'd ) oh - hello . I do not see you there . be you ... do I wake you ? Ben stare down at he , disorient . he shake he head , point to he ear . old man ( cont 'd ) ( speak and signing ) oh !... you can not hear ? wonderstruck 75 . Ben look at they , shaking he head . BEN I ... I do not know sign language . old man ( signing to old woman ) : he do not know sign . BEN you can hear ? the Old man nod . old man yes . BEN but she 's deaf ? old man yes . the Old man nod again . he translate this into sign for the old woman . Ben , still make sense of he sudden companion , take a step toward they , gingerly . BEN I have a accident recently . that 's why I can not hear . the Old man translate this to the Old woman . old man you scared we ! the Old man hold up a finger to the boy , grab a pad and pen from he desk , and start write . Ben continue slowly down the stair as the Old man hold up he message : can we help you ? old man ( cont 'd ) ( then , to Ben , enunciate he word ) be you okay ? Ben understand and nod . BEN yeah , thanks . I be sorry I just ... fall asleep for a second . wonderstruck 76 . he go to collect he fall belonging and put they back into he satchel . the Old woman kneel down to help Ben collect he thing . she pick up a old book that have fall out , and turn it over , revealing Ben 's copy of wonderstruck . she stop , stare at the cover of she book , then tilt it in the direction of the Old man . he stiffen when he see it and turn to look the Old woman in the eye . then they both look at Ben . Ben stop , realize they be stare at he with the oddest expression . in the eye of the Old woman he see confusion and wonderment and sadness , all roll into one . she glance down again at the drawing and photo that Ben have take from the museum . when she look back up at Ben , tear have flood she eye . she sway , lose balance , and the Old man grab ahold of she . she wipe the tear from she eye . to the Old man : old woman ( in sign language ) do you realize who this boy be ? old man ( in sign language ) : be it possible ? can it be true ? he help she to she foot and she step back , regain she balance . overwhelm . almost afraid . then , urgently : old woman ( signing to old man ) : how do he end up here ? how ? the old man gesture to indicate : I have no idea ! Ben stare back , confuse and perplex . he feel a strangeness in he body he can not explain . the Old woman take the pen and notebook . she write with tremble finger and turn the paper towards he so he can read it . it say : Ben ? Ben look at she in shock . BEN how do you know my name ? wonderstruck 77 . the Old man translate Ben 's word into sign , but the Old woman , who can lip read well , stay fix on Ben . she write in the notebook : where be you mother ? Ben , unsure how to answer at first , take out he wallet and hand she the article about he mom 's death . she gasp , share it with the Old man . BEN ( cont ’d ) do you know she ? she hand Ben back the article . the Old man write : how do you find we ? Ben root around in he pocket and find the kincaid 's book mark . he point to the note on the back , hand it to the Old woman . Rose look at the bookmark and read : Elaine , I will wait for you . Love , Danny . her eye well with tear , she turn to walter and show he . BEN ( cont ’d ) I come here try to find my father . do you know he ? the Old man translate for the woman . BEN ( cont ’d ) who be you ? how do you know my name ? Rose write a note for Ben : I be Rose . this be my brother walter . Rose sign they name . walter , the Old man , nod , smile gently . Ben be confuse . BEN ( cont ’d ) I see you at the wolf diorama in the museum ! walter sign Ben 's word to Rose . BEN ( cont 'd ) what be go on ? tell I ! Rose 's face look sad and complicated . she get a idea . 126 127 wonderstruck 78. rose ( in sign language , to walter ) I need to take he to the museum . he deserve to know he story but I can not tell he here . walter nod , in agreement . Rose write a note and stand , show it to Ben : come with I BEN where ? she read he lip but sign to walter instead : rose I 'il find you later ... walter ( mouth ) you want I to come with you ? Rose read he lip and shake she head , head to the front door . they exchange sign that mean I love you . she gesture for Ben . and Ben follow she out the door , glance back to walter at the last moment , confuse but undeterred . ext . new york CITY - street - 1977 - day 126 silence . she lead he through the crowded street briskly , with a strange urgency . ext . bus stop - 1977 - day 127 Ben follow as she lead he to a empty bench and sit , motion he to join she . there she pull out the notebook and pen , open to a clean page - and pause . Ben stare at the side of she face . then Rose look down and start to write . when Ben glance down at the page , she keep write but turn slightly away so he can not read it yet . a crowd slowly gather , await the next bus . the bus arrive but Rose keep write . 128 129 130 131 wonderstruck 79 . ext . bus stop - later - 1977 - day 128 more crowd . Lonely face . more bus . finally , just as another bus approach , Rose click she pen , tear some page out of she notebook and put they in she pocket . then she grab Ben 's hand , hurry they onto the bus . ext . flushing meadow corona park , in queen - unisphere - 129 1977 - day SOUND . Ben and Rose be walk by the unisphere , the giant silver globe from the 1964 World 's Fair . lightn flash in the distance . they come to a large building and find the entrance . letter over the door read : the queen museum the museum be close today , but Rose reach into she bag and pull out a key . she put the key in the door and they enter . int . queen 's museum - lobby - 1977 - day 130 the lobby be large and cool . Rose lead Ben down a short hallway and into a dark cavernous space . int . queen 's museum - panorama - 1977 - day 131 she open a panel in the wall and press a few button on a control panel . Light suddenly flood the room . Ben 's eye adjust to the light and he gasp . he can not believe what he 's see . the panorama . a scale model of the five borough of New York City . 895,000 building , 10,000 square foot . Ben look into the miniature city , glimpsing the hand - paint window and the paper facade glue to the tiny wood building . it 's glorious . Rose lead he onto the panorama . wonderstruck 80 . BEN what be this ? where be we ? Rose sit on a bench at the edge of the panorama and indicate Ben should sit too . she take out she pad and turn to the beginning of the story she have write on the subway . she hand it to Ben . as he begin to read , we zoom across the panorama . BEN ( v.o . ) '' I need you to be patient with this story and read it slowly . I have work in the queen Museum for fifteen year now , but the story I need to tell you begin a long time before that . we come to the tiny unisphere and the model of the queen Museum itself on the panorama ... BEN ( v.o . ) '' when I be a little girl , in 1927 , I come to New York for the very first time ... '' we fly to the model of the american Museum of Natural History on the panorama . BEN ( v.o . ) '' it be my brother walter who finally rescue I . I find he at the Museum of Natural History where he be work ... '' we continue to fly across the panorama ... BEN ( v.o . ) '' I begge he to help I , to get I away from we mother and father . I want to stay in New York , I want to learn thing ! '' we come to a stop in front of the model of a school , a tiny wooden structure with a paper facade . Ben continue to read . BEN ( v.o . ) '' the first thing walter do be help I find a school for deaf child . I do not even know such a thing exist ! '' 132 133 wonderstruck 81. [ what follow be a series of flashbacks , use miniature diorama , all build by hand out of object from Ben 's life . this diorama show we how Ben be imagine the scene that Rose be describe in she note . first , we find ourselves in a miniature recreation of a school for the deaf . ] int . ps 176 - classroom - 1930 - day -( diorama ) 132 music . we push into a window of the school and float into the all - girl classroom with miniature figure of deaf student learn sign language : BEN ( v.o . ) '' my parent divorced when I be very young . it be a big scandal back then because my mother be famous ... '' a miniature figure of Rose sit with two girl , one of whom share a movie magazine with lillian mayhew on the cover . through the door to the hall , Rose spot the miniature figure of boy come out of the printing press room , they hand black from typesetting . one handsome boy , ( bill ) , a little older than Rose herself , be share a hand rag with a schoolmate . he smile at she , sweetly , in he roll - up shirtsleeve . the miniature figure of Rose smile back . BEN ( v.o . ) '' it be there at school I meet my Bill , who be training to be a printer . we marry and before we know it have a baby boy . '' we sweep across the street of Manhattan . ext / int . bill and rose 's apartment - 1940 be - day -( dioramab we glimpse the tiny family as we enter through the miniature window into they apartment BEN ( v.o . ) '' the time as they be , everyone worried about we raise a hearing child ... '' 134 135 136 137 wonderstruck 82. we see the miniature figure of bill and rose , with a baby on Rose 's lap , pose for a self - portrait that Bill snap with a push of a button on the camera . a light flash . BEN ( v.o. ) '' , .. but we boy manage to handle he lack of deafness just fine ... '' int . amnh - exhibition dept . - 1950 's - day - ( diorama ) 134 another miniature memory . we see miniature figure of people sit at endless desk work on display , fossil , model , etc ... BEN ( v.o . ) '' soon after I have marry , walter help I get a job at the museum , in the exhibition department . I would always love make model so it suite I well . '' int . amnh - forest diorama - 1950 be - day - ( diorama ) 135 a miniature Rose work on a forest diorama , replete with wild animal . on the floor , she young son create a replica of he own . BEN ( v.o . ) '' I work there for many year , along side my son . '' int . queen 's museum - panorama - 1977 - day 136 Ben continue to read . BEN ( v.o . ) '' but soon plan begin for the 1964 World 's Fair ... '' Ben look up at Rose . she gesture to a tv build into the exhibition , which Ben turn to . on the screen we see : montage : archival footage of the world' fair 137 music . we see the World 's Fair be build , different pavilion , building . 138 139 140 wonderstruck 83. we see poster advertising it , talk about how it 'il have ride and exhibition from around the world . we see flag pole rise , fountain turn on , street paved . archival footage : aerial view of NYC - 1963 138 the camera soar over the actual city of New York , as Ben continue read : BEN ( v.o . ) '' one of that attraction be go to be the panorama , a scale model of the entire city of New York , all five borough , all 895,000 building , the large architectural model ever build . it be a opportunity I could not pass up so I leave the Museum of Natural History to work on the panorama in queen . '' the aerial view of Manhattan dissolves into : int . queen museum - panorama - 1977 - day 139 the panorama . we move across the miniature city . BEN ( v.o . ) '' sadly , my Bill have pass away by then . so it be just my son and I . '' now the panorama turn into : int . queen museum - workroom - 1963 - day -( diorama ) 140 the panorama in miniature , be work on and install by a hive of miniature woman worker . we finally arrive at the miniature figure of Rose . BEN '' when the World 's Fair end , the panorama be so popular they decide to keep it open . but they need someone to maintain the model , so they hire I for the job . '' 141 142 wonderstruck 84. int . amnh - workroom corridor - day -( diorama ) 141 we move through a miniature corridor of the museum , line with tiny filing cabinet , approach the figure of a man from behind who stand look over several of he drawing . BEN ( v.o. ) '' around that time , we son be appoint the lead designer on a new diorama at the Museum of Natural History , the youngest person to ever have that honor . but you already know this part . the figure of the man turn . he be smile . BEN ( v.o. ) the job would send he up to gunflint Lake ... '' Ben stop read suddenly . int . queen museum - panorama - 1977 - day 142 SOUND . BEN you son be ... Danny ? Rose read he lip . she nod , signing he name , the letter ' d' point to she heart . Ben realize what this mean . he stare at rose. BEN ( cont ’d ) ( in wonder ) you be my grandmother ? Rose read he lip and nod , instinctively signing the word for grandmother . tear come to she eye . BEN ( cont ’d ) where be he ? I come all the way from Minnesota to find he ! where be he ?? Rose get up and lead Ben out onto the Atlantic Ocean . they carefully walk up towards Manhattan , like giant . they step over the verrazano narrow Bridge . 143 wonderstruck 85 . they foot clear the tiny cable of the bridge . Rose lead Ben up the narrow stretch of the East River , step over the Brooklyn Bridge , the Manhattan Bridge and the williamsburg bridge . Ben look across the model , like Gulliver in lilliput . Rose point to the write pad , indicate he should keep read . of course the answer be already in he hand . Ben look at the page ... BEN ( v.o . ) '' , .. the librarian he would contact to help he with he research happen to own a small cabin , and he rent it from she ... '' ext . cabin - minnesota - 1965 - night -( diorama ) 143 headlights of a miniature truck ( in fact it 's a toy truck from Ben 's room ) approach Ben 's old street , revealing a figure silhouett in the door of the house , wave in the headlight . danny ( from the truck ) miss Wilson ? be that you ? be I at the right place ? the miniature figure of Elaine emerge into the light . her hair be in a ponytail . she be young and beautiful . elaine you be indeed , Mr. lobel - not a easy feat this time of year . the cabin be right over there . the miniature figure of danny ( early 30' , handsome ) , call out again from the window of he truck . danny it 's Danny . later , Danny and Elaine be enjoy themselves , skate on ice in a miniature recreation of the wood of Minnesota beneath a shimmer sky . danny ( cont 'd ) whoa ! I do not like the ice . I do not trust it . 144 145 146 147 wonderstruck 86. Elaine laugh . elaine come on , Danny . it 's not gonna break . it 's two foot thick . do not you trust I ? danny ( laugh ) I be not sure right now ! int . cabin - minnesota - 1965 - night -( diorama ) 144 another evening , the miniature figure of Danny seat at he miniature desk as he write to Rose . danny ( v.o. ) dear Mom , the research be go well . very helpful staff , especially this librarian ... int . queen museum - panorama - 1977 - day 145 Ben look up to Rose then back down . he continue to read . amnh - hall with wolf diorama - 1965 - day -( diorama ) 146 a miniature of the hallway with the wolf diorama , just as the rear paint sky and horizon of the actual diorama be be carefully sly into position by Danny 's hand . Danny and he crew observe the process with acute attention , take in the final result : the wolf leaping , the blue snow , the star , the aurora borealis ... BEN ( v.o. ) '' , .. eventually he complete the diorama of the wolf . I still go visit it whenever I can . it 's the only one he get to make . '' int . elaine 's home - 1965 - night -( diorama ) 147 the miniature figure of Elaine spot a brown paper package that 's be leave for she on she desk . Inside be a tiny copy of wonderstruck , she see the bookmark and turn it over : flaine , I will wait for you . Love , Danny . 148 149 wonderstruck 87. int . queen 's museum - panorama - 1977 - night 148 Ben have come to the end of the write . he turn to Rose , who pull the last few page from she pocket . she 's be hold on to they . she hand they gently to Ben . BEN ( v.o . ) '' you dad be ill Ben , he have a heart condition , the same one he father have . it keep he out of the war . but a few year after he return from gunflint Lake , he heart ... '' Ben look up at Rose . night be fall in the panorama and the fluorescent light be come up again across the city . Ben look away . Rose take he hand . he let she take he in she arm and he start to cry . soon the light start to come up across the city . Rose have be cry too . she point again to the notebook . Ben do not want to keep read , but Rose insist ... BEN ( v.o. ) '' , .. this panorama be not just a model of New York City . it 's also the story of you father 's life . '' Ben look up at Rose who smile . she point . keep read . int . panorama - 1963 - day -( diorama ) 149 the miniature figure of Rose be busy fitting a model of ps 176 onto the panorama . BEN ( v.o . ) '' when I take the job , I think it would be fun to secretly personalize the panorama . I hide little memento from you father 's life inside the building ... '' just before set it into place she slip a bitten pencil stub beneath the model of the school . match dissolve to : 150 151 152 153 wonderstruck 88. int . panorama - ( diorama ) 150 the miniature figure of Rose be place another building onto the panorama , and slip a charm bracelet underneath this one . int . panorama - ( diorama ) 151 finally , we see the miniature figure of Rose place another building onto the panorama and slip the tiny family photo ( take earlier ) underneath this one . int . queen museum - panorama - 1977 - evening 152 Ben and Rose be stand on the East River . Rose lead Ben around the southern tip of Manhattan , step over the bridge again . they head up the other side of the island , along the Hudson River , until they be stand on the blue paint water that separate Manhattan from New Jersey . Rose carefully lean over the panorama , grip the american Museum of Natural History and pull upward . there be a little resistance but the entire city block give way . Rose turn it over and pick out a piece of paper fold long ago . she open it and hand it to ben. it 's a child 's draw of two wolf run through the snow . Ben think Danny must have draw it , but then he look at the signature on the draw and be shocked . it 's sign : Ben . he look up at Rose . int . amnh - whale room - 1970 - day -( diorama ) 153 SOUND . a crowd of miniature figure , dress in black , be gather beneath the blue whale - which we might recognize as the same toy whale that have be in Ben 's room earlier . we see the miniature figure of Rose , stand with the other mourner . she turn to see : the miniature figure of Elaine , stand apart from the other , with a miniature figure of 4 - year - old BEN at she side , who hold a piece of paper . 154 155 156 wonderstruck 89 . BEN ( v.o . ) '' I know everyone at Danny 's funeral except for two people , a woman and a little boy . she introduce herself and I recognize she name from Danny 's letter . she tell I she would bring she son earlier and show he the diorama Danny have make . '' the figure of Elaine hold little Ben 's hand . he show Rose the paper . it 's he draw of the two wolf in the diorama . int . queen museum - panorama - 1977 - night 154 BEN I do not remember any of this ... Ben and Rose look out across the panorama . in the distance we hear something that Ben and Rose can not : thunder . but something else catch Rose 's attention . a slight vibration . she pause . we see the tiny flag on the model of the queen Museum , far out on the panorama , vibrate ever so slightly with each crash of thunder . ext . queen museum - 1977 - night 155 we look out , over queen , with Manhattan light up in the distance , and from somewhere very far away , we hear thunder and see distant bolt of lightning move towards the city . int . queen museum - panorama - 1977 - night 156 there be rumbling , a terrible crash that Ben and Rose do not flinch at . but there 's something strange that Rose be aware of . BEN ... that 's why I dream of they , the wolf ... I see they ! Rose look at Ben , remind he she can not understand he if he 's face away from she . she point to the paper . she want he to write it . 157 wonderstruck 90 . Ben start to write , a smile on he face ... then , another much louder crash of thunder , the light flicker for a moment . the flag on the model of the queen museum vibrate again . then ... a tremendous clap of thunder and -- blackout ! we watch as lightning hit the city and section of New York flicker off , the lighting grid go black , until the entire city be without power , and it stand in silhouette against the night sky . int . queen museum - panorama - 1977 - night 157 the miniature city be plunge into darkness as well . we hear breathe and unsteady footstep and gasp . we hear the sound of the pen drop . after a few tense moment ... BEN ( yell ) hello ? what happen ? help ! Rose make a strangle sound that might be the word '' come , '' but it 's hard to tell ... in the dimmest dark we spot Rose take a step toward Ben -— grab he hand . more breathe . the panorama creak beneath they foot . after several more tense moment : a flash of light with a brief burst sound . silence . in the brief illumination , we see Rose and Ben hold each other , terrify . a few more second of blackness then - another flash of light with a noise : we see Ben turn he head towards the exit of the panorama . blackness another flash with a noise : Ben be lead Rose slowly down the Hudson River . 158 159 160 161 wonderstruck 91. blackness another flash with a noise : Ben be step over a bridge . blackness another flash with a noise : they exit the panorama . int . / ext . queen' museum lobby - 1977 - night 158 silence . they be head towards the door ... blackness . but a figure now seem to be visible outside the door up ahead . another flash with a noise : but this time we see the source of the light . it 's Jamie , hold he Polaroid camera . there be photo at he foot . he be relieved to finally spot Ben and Rose . when Rose open the door : SOUND . the noise of car , honk . they stand outside the door . Ben be shocked to see Jamie . BEN Jamie ? how do you get here ? jamie I follow you ! flashback - amnh - storage room - 1977 - night 159 Ben , have just leave the secret room with he satchel . Jamie have grab he camera and start to follow he out . flashback - ext . kincaid 's book - 1977 - day 160 Ben have enter kincaid 's , and then we move aside slightly to reveal Jamie look on from across the street . flashback - ext . queen museum - 1977 - day 161 Ben and Rose walk up the step and enter the museum 's front door . Jamie look on , peek out from behind a tree . 162 163 wonderstruck 92. ext . queen museum - 1977 - night 162 all the streetlight in the parking lot be dark . the only light outside be the moon . strange distant sound . break glass . Ben be try to lip-read what Jamie be say ... jamie wait . I do not understand ! BEN what ? jamie she 's the lady from ... a screech of brake from somewhere far off and Jamie turn . ext . queen museum - 1977 - night 163 from a adjoin street a van be screeching crazily along a dark empty block . we can hear the radio from inside the van , ( and just make out the name paint on the side : klein gutter service ) in the middle of a report about the blackout . the van careen out of sight , follow by the rise of a approach police siren . Rose instinctively pull the boy closer to the door of the museum . then she get a idea . she bring the boy back inside the museum and lock the door behind she . but we remain outside , watch as they vanish into the dark building . we begin to float upwards , coast along the side of the museum , a movement that feel as if we be catch on a gentle breeze . the steadiness of the movement , however , be in contrast to the sound we hear , the indication of violence and danger somewhere in the darkness . but as we continue we ascent up the side of the building , the sound begin to diminish . we find ourselves at the roof of the museum with the round skeleton of the unisphere silhouett against the night sky . tree shake . we travel onwards , across the roof now , past the duct and air vent and flag pole , the debris gather along the gutter of the roof . the sound be almost all go now . wonderstruck 93 . and finally , we reach we destination . we have catch up with Rose , Ben and Jamie , who have come to the roof for refuge . they be stand in the gutter , look down over a low wall . Rose squeeze Ben 's arm , then she point to Jamie , want to know who he be . unnotice by Rose be more sound in the background . a crash , a shout . Rose repeat herself , signing : who be this ? Ben look at Jamie , who look back at he . a kind of understanding pass between they . Ben touch he palm to he chest ( indicate : my ) then raise he right hand and begin to fingerspell : BEN f. RI. E. n. D. Jamie 's eye shift from Ben 's hand to he face . he mouth he reply in silence , affirm what Ben have finger - spell : jamie friend . Rose take Ben 's hand . he look up at she with love . he turn to Jamie , with the same dazzle look , and take Jamie 's hand . they face , light by moonlight , shine with surprise . they turn to the unlit skyline of Manhattan : quiet , dark , mysterious . above it , hover in the sky , a canopy of star as clear and bright as any in gunflint Lake . the big dipper shine like diamond vaulting through the night . at this distance , in the strange silence , the city have become a place of peace . and at this moment the three of they be happy , look at the star . Jamie point up . Ben and Rose look . a meteor blaze across the sky . the end