" looking for the man " screenplay by doran William cannon 2004 unproduced close : a old snapshot credit and music roll over : -- a father , close in on 40 and a son , 11 , on a skate rink , wear hockey uniform , hold hockey stick like sword in battle , freeze laughter on they face . vague chirping of bird in deep background . don be 37 y.o. voice over listen ... my dad be not really sick , and he 's not really sad , if you think that you will not understand we story , or you will cry instead of laugh . pulling back from snapshot to reveal a wall full of snapshot and family memory , Mom , dad , cicely , and Don , pet , car , house , time march on ... dad and Mom get old , kid grow , college , girl friend , the time , place and meaning of each itching to be discover , as don be voice over continue : don's voice over I call he my dad instead of he name because he 's probably like you dad too . and that 's why I want to share we story ... cause you have a dad too , and so you and I share the same feeling . pulling back farther to reveal dad , sit at the kitchen table in front of the gallery of snapshot , ageless , healthy , strong , yet a gleamy stare in he eye tell another story ; as he be lift a spoonful of soup to he lip as a two year old might , fascinate with the chanciness of whether it will make it all the way to he lip . a lovable old dog , max , sit by he side with big brown eye also transfix on the wayward spoon 's long journey . don's voice over when my dad lose some of he marble to become a Alzheimer 's case , at first I think , how sad , he 's go , go , go . he be just enter a new and very exciting phase of he life . the rest of we would just have to learn how to keep up . credit end dad be attract by the sound of the bird , he look in that direction , let he spoon just plop into the soup ; he grin at the sloppy result , get up and walk to the screen window , revealing mom , in she chair , work a crossword puzzle , cigarette drift smoke from the ashtray , look up as he go by she , ingrain resignation in she eye -- mom ( in she smoker 's foghorn voice ) will you ... finish the soup . you look so damn thin . dad fly away . on dad , move to watch the bird feed station outside the window -- just one bird peck at slim picking . dad reach into a bag punch the screen window open , and throw a handful of seed in the direction of the feed station . luckily much of the seed hit its mark , and about six bird suddenly fly in for a feed frenzy . a glint appear in dad 's eye . max rise up to the window 's ledge , give the bird a obligatory woof and growl . dad lean in to bark with Max . Max look at dad in surprise , then the two of they join in a bark frenzy . Brothers under the skin . mom' voice okay , okay ... now the bird be eat , so you come in and finish you soup . come on . she get up , join he , and try to lead he back to the table . max follow . dad turn to she ... and bark right in she face . so do Max . mom I make this soup ... and it 's damn good . don's voice over Mom never really talk with dad . she always talk at he ... they whole life ... we all do that in we family . communication be not we strong suit . so , when dad lose he ability to make sense , it really do not make much difference . dad ... you ... take my money ... as she lead he to sit at the table by the elbow , dad wince like a dog in pain . mom you money be in the bank . dad ... nobody glom the man do you see the man pepper she if not today maybe a way ... get the ticket ... mom that 's right . the soup be good . come , eat the soup ... eat the soup . finally at the table , dad bark , thrashes he arm up , throw she back . angry , he thrashes at the bowl of soup and it tip over . Mom catch herself at the kitchen sink , grab a towel and move to the table to wipe up the soup . Max start lap up the soup on the floor . don's voice over now that I know what I know , I know that we do have a strong suit . we strong suit be ... love . l.o.v.e. deep , abide , unspoken and bury under a dozen layer of pure dysfunctional shit . it do not really matter , we be just like everybody else . dad start to scuffle with Mom . he do not want she to clean up the soup . ad-lib scuffle , as our view move through the gallery wall . don be v.o . that 's I , when I be ten . that 's my older sister , cicely , she and I use to write song together , we even have one on the chart ... " jumpin ' through hoops for you , " ... but that be year ago before she get marry to this rich guy and I become a certify Financial planner ... help other people to plan they insurance , and retirement and how to save they money . -- and that be my dog , Charlie -- I try to take he to college , but ... oh , well ... and , oop , there 's my wife ... oop my ex-wife , susie ... and my little boy , richie . he be six then , and now he 's thirteen , and he hate I . dad and mom , scuffling back and forth in front of the Gallery of snapshot . dad be now try to put on he hat and a scarf . mom where be you go !? dad ... the man ... back to the man he know . he know . dad walk through a door , but it 's the broom closet . broom and bucket fly out hit he on the head , he step on a bottle of dish soap , spurting its content all over he , and Mom too as she try to stop he . mom where be you go ! stop ... right now . dad throw some bird seed in she face and run out the door , Max follow he . Mom be stunne , fight to get the bird seed out of she eye , mouth and hair . mom damn it , you !... wait ! the phone ring . she answer it . muffled phone voice Mrs. markopolis ? I be rex borden . we record here in Toronto show that you own 200 kruggerand and ... she hang up and run out the door . ext . old town - midwestern suburban STREET - icy - wintry - dusk dad have move quickly from the house , through the gate , where Mom be just emerge , look this way , then that way , when she spot he and call after he . dad pay no attention as he head one way , look around with a puzzle and then a resolve look on he face , scurries in the next direction , and across the street , Max at he side , with Mom yell after he to stop . he and Max get to the other side of the street , when -- we hear , but he doesn't -- screeching brake . the big CITY bus glide on the icy street , try to stop , the driver 's face loom large through the window , as he frantically turn the steering wheel ... too late . on mom -- ka - bash ! -- as she 's smashed and throw aside by the bus like a rag doll . on dad -- as he ( and Max ) determinedly push he way along the street , unaware of what have happen in he wake . dad ( mumble ) ... wait ... too late ... today , not tomorrow . no wait . the man will not wait . no wait . as he go , the scene behind he recede into the background , the ruckus . the bus , the crowd , Mom 's lifeless body sprawle on the ground . don be v.o. let I tell you about my own life . it be a piece of crap , and get worse . siren segueing to : int . a office - day the busy executive sit behind she desk , try to listen carefully . don , early 40' , dress in he best suit , have he laptop computer set up on she desk , and he push button from one read - out to the next , a graphic journey through life 's actuarial statistic . don ... at age sixty , you will have what you need to retire ... exec yes , but not what I want to retire . don okay , good point . so , how much be that ? suppose you want half a million in security , plus a income of $ 65,000 a year , you will have to add to you ira ... exec hah ! don hah ? exec um-hmmm-hah !!? I will need ten million in the bank , and one million a year . don that much ? no one need a million a year . you have to be realistic . exec how the hell do you know that I be not be realistic . I be a fuck money machine . there 's a pot of gold on the other side of mount Hood just wait for I ! I , Mr. sale man have , vision . she flexe she bicep and she bosom simultaneously . Don nod , get the point . the intercom buzze . she pick it up . exec it 's you office ... for you . Don get up to take the phone , knock he laptop into a vase , try to catch it , but too late ... the vase crash into a dozen piece on the hard floor . he grimace , she roll she eye . don be v.o . see what I mean ? I be dead meat . CUT to : int . a 747 airplane - night on Don , squeeze in the middle seat , sleep . don be v.o. I have not be home in five year . duluth , Minnesota ... the kind of town people be from but never go to . when I call , -- once a week , every Sunday , when I have richie with I ... that Sunday when I have pay susie she monthly pound of flesh ... the ransom ... for let I see my own son ... I would talk to my Mom , but she would say dad be in the basement work on he wooden toy . he sell he hardware store and retire just so he could do that , it turn out to be a pretty good business , little toy store all over the country buy he old fashioned wooden toy -- then at Christmas , he would send one to richie and one to my sister 's kid ... and he would always keep a few to give them away whenever he meet a kid . anyway , when Mom say he be busy in the basement , I always figure that he just do not want to talk to I ... sure he teach I to play hockey , but he also beat the crap out of I when I be thirteen , and to this day , I never know why ... what have I do ? so it just seem better if he pretend to be work on he toy when I call . I think we spend we whole life try to please we father , but I be beginning to believe ... you can not . and now , I guess it be too late . oh , well , oh , shit , now Mom 's dead , dad 's get ... what do they call it , Old timer 's disease ... oh , well , oh , shit , life be a bitch , and then you die . ho. ho. ho. merry Christmas . Don turn over in he sleep as best he can in the cramped economy class seat in the middle . as he turn over , he pull on the seat in front of he with one hand , and elbow some extra room from the heavyset lady next to he . eye burn at he from two direction but Don do not notice it . on he laptop computer screen : actuarial table and statistic . on don - close his eye pop open , stare , sad . on dad - close mumbling to himself , sweat ... don's voice dad ? be that you ? dad ? CUT to : ( scene revealed ) ext . dad be house - front lawn behind the white fence - morning dad 's knee dig into the snow , as he search through the snow , pull out dormant tulip bulb as he find they . Max think it 's a game , bark , grab for the tulip , do not like them , bark again . a " companion " , a fat black woman , stand in the doorway of the house . Don be well behind dad , suitcase in hand , speak to he ... but not hear . dad ( to himself ) hurry ... hurry ... nothing there . nothing there . finally , Don drop to he knee next to dad . don dad ... it 's I . dad turn , look at he , blink , hand Don some tulip , and keep digging through the snow . Don be bewilder , puzzle , sad , helpless . dad no time . no time . dad , Max , Don . in the snow . CUT to : int . the kitchen - day Don be on the phone . the Black woman be bundle up wait by the phone . dad be sit in he usual chair , stare ahead , plan he next devilish move . don but I can not be in two place at once , mel. no. no . of course I want my son ... to live with I ... he 's be with he ... can not you get a continuance or whatever ... it 's today , the funeral 's today ... intercut -- int . mel chase's office - portland , or . - day mel chase , a overworked patrician , stand behind he desk in Portland , ore. , signing document for he secretary while Don 's disembody voice crackle on a speakerphone . don be v.o. ... my mother 's funeral , mel . mel I understand , Don ... so then just drag yourself on a plane ... and get back to Portland ... if you want you kid to live with you . intercutting -- in the kitchen , dad have that gleam in he eye . the black teenager move to Don , look at she watch . don but , I have get my dad now ... can not the judge ... just ...? mel' voice the judge can excuse a funeral ... but that 's it ... do what you have to do , and get back or lose the deal , that 's the deal . you " ex " be already here in town , she lawyer be champ at the bit and the hearing be day after tomorrow , 1 pm . don will this cover it ? overnight , plus today ? he hand the black teenager some money . she shrug ... black teenager I guess so ... she open the overhead latch to go out . swish ! dad dart for the door , squeeze in front of the girl ... and he 's go ! don oh , God ! ( on phone ) later ! Don drop the phone , and run after he . ext . the house - day dad and Max move fast , across the yard , through the fence , and just about to cross the icy street , as Don catch up , grab dad by the arm . dad flail he arm free ... dad you ! you ! you ! dad poke he finger into Don 's chest a half dozen time . Don just take it , as -- CUT to : ext . suburban street - icy - day our view - through the window of a moving car , revealing the icy street of the small town , -- tableau 's of change America - people jogging , they breath steaming in the cold air , shoveling snow on driveway and path , " hometown " be in the air . dad' voice ...no , no ! that way . do not you know ... anything !? that way ... no. no. no . not ping . nose . nose ! can not you see ... the man ... the man ... he 's wait ... you I late . make . on dad and don -- in the back seat of a limousine , dress in dark suit and coat . dad be agitate , wide - eye , gesture wildly , this way and that . Don be try to maintain he cool . dad how can you ... this way ... it 's that way . turn that way ! don dad ... he can not turn that way . dad no . do not you know ... the man ... that way . don who be this man ? just say he name . dad you know she name . don her name ? you mean you wife . my mother ? dad 's eye glaze over . beat. beat . dad yes . where be he ? don dad ... do not you remember ? she die . we be go to she funeral . dad cock he head like a puzzle puppy . dad oh ? ( a beat , he think ) will she be there ? don yes , dad , she will be there . CUT to : ext . cemetery - winter - day a bright day , the sun glisten on the snowy ground , as the caravan of just five or six car lead by the hearse and the family limousine pull slowly around the roll grounds . some of the sign of the solemn side of Christmas in the cemetery . the burial site the gravediggers help to unload the casket from the hearse as the mourner take they place . greek orthodox priest in Greek or Latin : priest for the markopoulis family and its friend , we gather in sorrow and to celebrate God 's eternal way , to lay gladys spyros markopoulis to she eternal rest ... the priest continue on as -- in the background , a taxicab pull up , and a woman get out and hurry to join the crowd . don be v.o . my older sister , cicely , the righteous bitch be always fashionably late , even to she mother 's funeral . it 's she godgiven right to do as she please without caring about anyone else . she 's perfect , and the rest of we be only there as flaw to allow she perfection to be see by comparison . luckily for she , she marry a husband who can pay for the luxury of she perfection . cicely arrive at the group , stand next to Don . whisper harshly for all to hear . cicely why do not you wait ? funeral do not have to start on time . you could have have they wait . my plane circle the city for a hour . don oh. don be v.o. give cicely the satisfaction of a answer could result in a ten minute monologue on why I be no good , and she 's the only one on earth worth shit . that 's why I limited my answer to one word . " oh . " cicely be that the best you can say ? " oh . " it 's my mother 's funeral , and all you can say be " oh . " well , of course , since you be the one who kill she . don really . I think she be kill by a pontiac station wagon . cicely see. joke . at you mother 's funeral . where 's dad ? the priest have be dron on , and only we have noticed that dad drift away from the whisper sibling ... and now , when they both look around ... he 's go . the two sibling each scan , turn they head in opposite direction and around they respective body , until they head meet on the backside with they eye lock on the same view . there view dad , in the distance , just disappear into the oldest part of the cemetery . don he 's look for the man . cicely what man ? this be no time to look for some man . it 's he wife 's funeral . don I will get he . cicely well , hurry up ... how could you let he do this ? Don slip away from the group , but not without notice , as one , then all eye , turn to he recede figure , as the Priest go on . holding on don's receding figure , as : don be v.o . I be beginning to enjoy the sheer madness of it all . my dad be no crazier than my sister , at least he have a excuse . I be start to feel a connection with he -- something that I have not feel in a long time . it be not something I could put my finger on , not yet . all I know for opener be that I want to help he find the man . my dad be already in he second childhood , and you know what , I be jealous . I want to be in my second childhood too . don disappear through the same place in the cemetery 's old section , where the tombstone be high and the uncaretake growth around they be even higher . ext . in the old section - day Don make he way through the aisle of gravestone and growth . don dad ? dad ? Don go through the crowded area , pass by tombstone , which we read as he go by . this be the stone of the long depart , some go back to the turn of the century and before that . don dad , where be you ? dad ? he move along , past tombstone , call out for dad , and then -- -- he trip and fall nearly flat on he face in the snow , and from that vantage point , he look up to see -- dad ! scurry through , confuse , scared . don dad ...!! dad ... stop ! dad , startle , stop in he track . dad how do you be ?... look for you . dad come over to he ... and help he get up out of the snow . don you be look for I ? I be look for you . dad yes right ... look for you . I too . on don , he head cocked now like a puzzle puppy . don be v.o . I could not figure it out , be he the crazy man , or be I the crazy man ? from nowhere , the voice of cicely be unmistakable . cicely oh , there you be ... just like you . the funeral 's not even over ... everyone from the funeral be there , all ten or twelve people , ad-lib that they hope everything 's okay . don um , do not worry ... it 's okay , my father just want to mourn in he own way , away from ... you understand . and of course everyone say they understand except for cicely , as Don lead dad along the way , and the whole crowd pass by the old tombstone , and -- hold on one tombstone as everyone pass by , but do not notice -- it read tyrus markopoulis - love Son , love Father - 1866-1943 . and then , panning as people pass by , but do not notice the stone be next to the first one -- second stone read boris markopoulis - love son , love Father - 1905-1966 . don be v.o. okay ... I admit it . I be stupid . dad have be look for he own father 's grave ... and he find it but do not see it . and neither do I . I do not see it . I just do not see it . ext . mom' gravesite - late day the cemetery worker be finish the job of shoveling the dirt into the grave over the coffin , as the mourner reemerge from the Old Cemetery section in the deep background , with the shrillness of cicely 's voice sting the cold winter air . on cicely cicely what be go on here ? so stupid , at my mother 's funeral . how can anyone mourn with crazy people all around ? Don , it 's really you fault ... one of the mourner , a man Don 's age , approach he . VIC Don ... I be Vic hudnut ... we be in miss troxell 's fourth grade class together ... don ( try to remember ) oh ... yes , hi , Vic . VIC if there 's anything , anything I can do ... do not hesitate to call . Vic put a business card into Don 's lapel pocket , pat he on the back for old time sake and he 's go before Don can blink . cicely voice really , Don ... I have to catch the 8:30 flight , and you have just ruin my Mom 's funeral . here , you take dad . she move dad in to Don , and -- the wait cab have pull up , open its door ... she 's go . Don 's reaction as -- pulling back , back , back to reveal Don and dad and , of course , Max , stand together , alone , and aimless in the vast cemetery . CUT to : int . bedroom - dawn Don 's face , horizontal , he eye wide open , stare ahead , as morning light streak across he face , and pulling back -- he be in he boyhood bedroom , and nothing have really change . memorabilia of the mid-1980 's - Michael J. Fox beam from a poster of back to the future . Don as a member of the duluth High School track team . skis . he 's under a bedspread with a racing car print on it . his eye roam the room and he finally fix on a big , no doubt purloin , burlesque poster ... rose LA rose , the Queen of Texas burlesque ... he grin a little remember the night he and he friend steal off with the giant poster . suddenly , the door burst open . it 's dad , stark naked . Max by he side . dad he 's go . not in the place . don dad. Mom die . she 's not come back . dad he have the ticket . Don rise , sit on the edge of the bed . don Mom die , dad . she 's go . dad he have the ticket . he turn , walk out . Max follow . Don watch . the grin he wear for rose LA rose now replace by a sad grimace . he pick up the card he be give at the funeral , and dial on he old incredible hulk dial phone . don Vic hudnut please ... oh , Vic , it 's Don markel ... I hope it 's not too early to call ... ( suddenly a crash be hear ... maybe a pot or pan ) Vic ... could you come by my dad 's house ... well , as soon as you can ... I have to get back for a court case in Portland ... tomorrow . another crash be hear . don thanks ... yeah ... see you then . Don dash out of the room ... another crash be hear . int . the kitchen - day Don run into the kitchen . the toaster be in the sink with the water run , cause electrical spark and buzze , but dad be not there . another crash be hear , more distinctive , garbage can and hardware . don oh , god. ( he eye widen ) dad ! he run out of the kitchen . ext . the icy path to the garage - day crash sound , as Don slip and slide , fall , get up and enter through a side door . int . the garage - day on don -- frozen in a stance of sheer terror . he view -- dad be in the car , naked , drive back and forth , smash into the garbage can and he old work shop machine , wooden toy fall off the shelf above , then back into the wooden garage door , crack it . Max , the dog , be in the car too . don dad ... stop ! stop ! Don try to open the car door but dad be lock in , and do not hear he . we can see dad talk to himself inside , and then he see Don try to open the door , but pay no attention . he crash into the garage door , bam , and then crash again , wildly shifting the gear lever back and forth . finally , Don glom onto a shovel from nowhere , and with all he might , he hit the back window of the move car , but it do not break . he keep hit it and hit it , and do not realize that the car have stop and dad , naked , have step out of the car , and be watch Don curiously . dad do not act crazy . do not act crazy !! Don do a take , freeze the shovel above he head , and look at dad . dad he 's not in the place . exhausted , Don exchange a look with he dad . his dad gesture meaninglessly . relieved , Don mimic the gesture . CUT to : int . dad' bedroom - day Don have dad into he underwear short and pants , and be kneel to put on sock and shoe . don be this what Mom do for you everyday ? and she keep it all a secret ... dad I do my own ! dad kick off the shoe . don dad , please ... the doorbell ring ... dad cut it out ! the doorbell ring again . don just a minute ! I will be there in a minute !! ( struggle with the shoe ) come on dad . let I do this . he and dad struggle some more , and he finally get the other shoe on ... don okay , now the shirt ... and ... we will get you down for some breakfast ... on VIC hudnut VIC be this the one ? on scene as Vic enter the room , see the problem , pick up dad 's shirt and hold it open ... VIC you Mom 's house be always open , Don ... just walk in -- cookie and hot chocolate -- as Don direct dad 's arm into the sleeve . don how come you remember thing , and I remember nothing ... my Mom have cookie ? VIC you leave town , donny , and I stay . so , I remember ... even if you do not . they direct dad out of the room . Max follow . don I think you be a real estate agent , not a psychologist . VIC Freud , that 's who get we into all this hot soup ... and Hitler ... but I forgive they both ... int . the kitchen empty . Mom 's chair be feature . the gallery wall in the b.g. as Don and Vic lead dad into the room . Max too . VIC very few historian see the connection between Freud and Hitler . they be both just frustrated and angry man ... like everybody else . what 's for breakfast ? they sit dad down in the chair in front of the gallery of snapshot . the water be still run over the now smoking toaster in the sink . Don turn off the water , wipe off the toaster while Vic forage in the refrigerator . don ... guess it will not be toast . Vic laugh . VIC guess not . but , here 's some milk and ... cereal ... and orange juice ... don Worth a shot . on dad -- sit motionless , expressionless , stare , and then , he start to blink curiously at he view . he view -- mom' chair -- -- empty . back on scene as Don put the glass of juice in front of dad , and Vic put a bowl of cereal in front of he . don here , dad ... you have to eat . dad stare ahead , blink . on mom' chair -- empty . pulling back fast to dad 's hand as he suddenly sweep across the table , knock the juice and the cereal all over the place . don oh , dad , come on ! do not do that . dad jump up from the table and head away . Don start after he . VIC let he go ... he 's okay . here ... check this out . Don spread some papers on the kitchen table . don what 's this ? VIC the list . sign here and the house will be list and advertise right away . we will price it , say , $ 15,000 over the market ... leave some room to negotiate . suddenly dad punch the window open , and throw out some feed for the bird on the feed station . the bird come immediately . Max woof and growl . don Vic ... maybe we could just rent it out , the house out , until ... VIC until when , donny ? -- you will need the cash to pay the nursing home . lot of cash . Don nod , take the pen and sign . sigh . don dad ... let 's go see if we can find the man . dad turn from the bird . dad ... be she there now ? you know he bird ? VIC you go ahead ... go see the man . I can clean up around here . dad the man ... she 's there now ? don yes , dad ... he 's there now . dad dokeyokey , you go . dad turn to go , trip over Mom 's chair , then straighten the chair back to its exact original position . Max start to follow he . Vic grab Max . VIC go ahead . I will put the dog in the back yard . Don be ready to break into piece . he nod to Vic , and take dad out the door . hold on Mom 's chair . don be v.o. I do not have the heart to tell dad where he be go . I feel bad about trick he ... even though he ... CUT to : int . the family car - day Don and dad . Don at the wheel . dad be seat - belt in . don be v.o. ... would not know the difference ... or maybe he would . I think about how when I be seven year old ... he ask I if I want to go to Camp Cherokee for the summer . dad be view -- through the window dad be look around , turn he head . dad ...no , no , not the place . where be you go ... that way ! don okay , dad ... let 's try it . Don take a leave hand turn , hometown nostalgia blur through the windshield . intercutting , don and dad with the scenery don be v.o. ... I say no to Camp Cherokee . I want to stay home ... I have to stay home . I have to conquer riding my new bike , and I tell he how important that be to I . so , he say , okay that we will not go to Camp Cherokee ... we will just take a ride in the country . CUT to : insert : ext . dad be house - day as Vic hudnut say goodbye to Max the dog , shut the door on Max 's sad look and get into he car . dad' voice where you go !! ... not the place !! that way ! you know which way it be ! why do you do it !!? back on scene -- dad and Don in the car , drive . don I be try to find the man for you , dad . Don take another turn ... head in a new direction . CUT to : insert : ext . dad' house quiet . then , suddenly , a window be smashed open and Max jump through the fly shard , land on he foot in the snow , and take off across the back yard and into the wood . dad' voice for you ? why for you ? the man can not wait ... where be the ticket ! the ticket ! the ticket ! Max disappear into the wood . back on scene -- inside the moving car -- don be v.o. needless to say when we get to Camp Cherokee , I be beside myself . I yell and scream at my dad ! you trick I ! you trick I ! and I swore too . you trick I ... you ... you ... communist ! it be the worst thing anyone could call anyone else . dad be get very frustrated . dad you ... do not ... not this way ! that way . don no , dad , I be pretty sure . it 's this way . dad you ! you ! never right ! stupid ! stupid ... turn ... turn ! dad grab the wheel and he and Don start struggle . dad strain to reach over the seat belt strap , and he have a iron grip on the wheel . intercut : on the street , the car swerve , barely miss another car . a truck honk ! the car slide on the ice , bounce off a tree and keep go . inside the car , Don be pull at dad 's hand , and they be scream at each other furiously . Don win the battle , but now dad keep flail at Don 's face . dad no good ! you be not good ! bad ! bad boy ! intercut : Don , as a kid , row a boat like a demon in a race on the lake at Camp Cherokee . cheer spectator . don be v.o . that do hurt . no matter how old we be , I guess , we still want to show we dad that we be a good person ... not a bad person . on don , the kid be determine face , tooth gritt ... back to scene Don turn up a long gravel driveway towards a old mansion . dad notice the long , snowy drive towards the mansion . dad ... this the place ? don yes , dad , this be the place . dad struggle violently to undo he seat belt , but he can not figure it out . intercut : camp cherokee Don almost win the race . he come in second . the winner be accolade by the other kid and counselor . Don , the kid , be alone in he rowboat , destroy and alone in the crowd . back on scene : the car pull up in front of the mansion where a small sign read : old oak -retirement home ( mentally challenge ) Don help dad to undo he seat belt , and dad bolt out of the car ... and despite Don 's protest ... scurries up the step of the portico ... as a woman walk out . Don take a deep breath behind the wheel , watch dad through the windshield . don be v.o. funny thing ... even though I be really piss about be trick , I really have a great time at Camp Cherokee that summer . I win a boat race . but , I never bother to tell my dad . I want he to suffer for he crime . on the woman , mrs . oakley , the director as dad approach she with purpose in he every step . mrs . oakley mister metropolis ? her greeting be warm , and dad respond sociably . he smile and take she offer hand , babbling incoherently as if he 's know she all he life . on don -- in the car -- Don shake he head in disbelief . don be v.o . that 's another thing . dad be always nicer to complete stranger than he ever be to I . mrs . oakley well , come in , Mr. metropolis . don ( under he breath ) mark-op-olus . suddenly , Max appear !... in a great leap over a rocky wall , dash across the snow , join dad at he side with Mrs. Oakley as they go in the front door of the mansion . int . the nursing home as Mrs. Oakley take dad by the arm . he feel comfortable with she , as Don catch up ... mrs . oakley ... you be also Mr. metropolis ? don I be Don markel . mar-kel . my dad 's last name be markopoulis . mrs . oakley oh , I see . please hold on to the dog ... many patient be afraid of dog . and you understand ... of course ...? don oh ... um ... yes , of course . Don see Max , do a take , look around ; take Max by the collar and try to keep up . Mrs. Oakley walk they into the activity room . antique man and woman wander , sleep , pretend to listen to the activity director read the newspaper to they . a remarkably spry and zaftig older woman in a sort of ragtag nurse 's outfit approach . old woman welcome to the Old -timer ward . you father have be diagnose ? mrs . oakley yes , miss Cooper . yes , senile dementia be Dr. sidney 's diagnosis . old woman I be so glad . that mean he will be in my care . oho ... how handsome and not tooo ... old ... she take dad 's arm and cuddle he close to she substantial old bosom . dad 's eye pop . he like it . he reach out for a feel ; and she move she bosom right into he hand . he latch on to she bosom for dear life . mrs . oakley miss Cooper , please . Mr. metropolis still have to be admit . nurse cooper nurse Cooper ! dad look at he son , Don . still hold ' nurse ' Cooper 's bosom . his eye steely and far off . dad good-bye . Don be take aback . so sudden . don dad ... I want to see you room ... and ... dad Goodbye . Don 's eye start to cloud . he move to kiss he dad . dad hold on to one bosom while he flail he other arm violently , push Don away . dad I tell ... good - bye . you ! Don be hurt like a little boy , he eye beginning to tear . dad flail he arm violently again and again , he push Don away . don dad . why be you so angry with I ? what do I do ? dad ... this be the place . now , dad give Don a mighty shove with both hand . don dad ... please ... I need to know ... why do you beat I up ... when I be thirteen ? now dad rush Don full force , flail at he mercilessly , while Don use he arm to cover himself without hurt he father . Max be bark . Mrs. Oakley be yell . Don be be pummele mercilessly , when -- vic' voice he beat you up ? I do not remember that . it 's Vic hudnut . as usual , he 's appear from nowhere . dad stop the pummel -- VIC I bring something for dad 's room . I hope it 's okay . he love bird ... and I know they do not allow dog . Vic produce a birdcage with two parakeet , on a stand . dad grab the birdcage and stand , and head up the hallway with nurse Cooper on one arm , and Mrs. Oakley on the other . Max start to follow , but Vic catch he by the collar . Max whine . on don -- breathless and shake . Max 's whining be heard over , allow US the impression that it could be Don who be whining . on don's view ... dad disappear down the hall and through a set of double door . CUT to : int . 747 - cabin CLASS - night the " redeye " , most people be sleep in semi-darkeness , but Don 's face be spotlighted by the read light above . he stare ahead , he laptop computer on a musical note screen saver , wait for he command . don be v.o. I could not figure anything out . I never do know why my dad have beat I up when I be thirteen and now he try it again . my son , richie be now thirteen and schedule to tell the judge whether he want to live with he Mom , who be move to Hawaii , or with I who he have only see on some weekend and holiday for the last three year . and Christmas be only two day away . then , it strike I that I have not have a moment to grieve the loss of my mother , and I wonder why I have not even shed a tear . on the computer , little dance musical note . just a glimpse . int . the old oak retirement home - dine room the ' Old timer ' patient be at dinner , in various state of dress , some be in hospital robe , but most be dress . it be a study in slow eat . they be have soup , and each eat he or she own soup in he own way ... just watch the soup , lift a spoon in a agonizingly slow process to the lip , and one man , the man next to dad be slurping he soup very quickly . he might be ninety , skinny as a rail . dad be not eat he soup . sid piss , huh ? dad ... day but not too much ... sid I be piss my first few day too ... but you gotta eat ... and the food 's okay . dad where do you do ? sid I be sid graybar . remember graybar Heating ... deliver coal ... all over town . dad a good day . you have a ticket . sid best in town . how 's you family . dad best in town . sid laugh loudly , upsetting some lady . lady be quiet . you idiot . sid eat you soup , you old bitch . she gasp . dad laugh . sid nod knowingly . sid you will be okay . we can be buddy ... or do not you notice ... we be the only two man here ... this damn wimmin outlive they husband ... lady too bad , you ! sid yeah ... too bad be right . " nurse " Cooper get up , come around the table to dad . nurse now , listen , Mr. metropolis . you listen to I ... it 's almost bedtime , and I have a little extra time to tuck you in early . would you like that ? dad look up at she , blink . she take he hand and practically lift he out of he chair . the other woman shake they head and ad-lib they disapproval . sid can only grin wickedly . in the background , a few patient be put gift under the Christmas tree . CUT to : int . airline departure area - night Don walk off the plane amongst people be greet all around he , but he walk through alone . the Portland airport be adorn with martha Stewart k - Mart Christmas decoration . don's voice Vic say Max would just keep escape to run to dad at the nursing home , so it would be best if I give Max away to someone in Portland . int . baggage area - night on max -- in he kennel carrier - behind a metal grid female voice well , hi Mr. Dog ... do you have a good trip ? wait for you master ? pulling back to reveal a funky , spunky young woman dress like Annie Hall would if she work on a farm . she sweet talk Max , as -- in the background Don have pick up he bag from the carousel and be walk over to Max 's cage . young woman he 's so cute ? what 's he name ? don this be Max . young woman he have a old spirit . my daughter would love he . don well ... he 's look for a good home . young woman he be ?... you have get to be joke ? don's voice Max have do it again . he find himself a new home and introduce I to the love of my life . Jan . of course , I do not know that ' till later . int . the nursing home - dad' bedroom dad be lie on he stomach in he bed . his shirt be off and " nurse " Cooper be now pull off he pajama pants . " nurse " cooper now , this be very good . Mr. metropolis . I need to examine you completely , and then I be go to give you a full body sponge bath . be you comfortable ? dad ... the tic - up rub the milk . pete sake . nurse ... and you like it when I examine the back of you thigh ...? yes ? dad good ... good . my money . sid graybar amble into the room , pay little attention to what nurse Cooper be do , and she pay little attention to he . sid so , this be you room ? it 's just like my room ... oh , this be my room . sid recall that the lone Christmas card on he bedside table be he , but he puzzle over just who " you bismark insurance agent " might be . nurse I be give he a full body examination , but I can not give you one . Doctor 's order . dad pow ! she have go a little beyond the thigh . dad 's head pop up in a state of wide - eye ecstatic surprise . sid but see my side of the room . I have picture of my wife and my sister , but you do not have any picture . nurse turn dad over on he back . now , she eye pop . nurse cooper oh- oh . oooo oh . look out . that 's good , honey , that 's very good ! quickly she throw a towel over he mid-section . sid ... and you have family still live . you have two bird . but not I , I be 86 and I have outlive everybody I ever know . ( sid lean over parallel to dad 's face and into he eye ) nurse do a good job on you ? dad gasp . sid do you know I be here with the nut in the looney bin because I want to be . dad yow - wa-eeee ! sid climb into he own bed , just a few foot from dad 's . sid nobody bring I here . I bring myself because I do not want to live alone . they do not have a room for I in the cody wing ... so they put I in here . I could have move , but I like it here . a real nurse , Mrs. russel , come to the door . mrs . russel everybody tuck in . you need some help Mr. metropolis ? dad gasp incoherently . suspicious , Mrs. Russell enter towards dad . " nurse " Cooper duck down . mrs . russel what 's ...? oh , dear , miss Cooper ... this be not right . nurse cooper Sue I . she huff past Mrs. russel , with one last word at the door as she escape ... nurse cooper he only need love . Mrs. russel give a last bedcheck to both dad and sid . she put a cover over dad 's naked body , tuck he in . mrs . russel well ... tomorrow 's another day . she go , leave full room shot of dad and sid in the semi - darkness lie in they bed . sid look at the ceiling as -- sid it 's too bad you do not meet herb . well ... of course , you could not meet herb because he die last week ... then of course if he have not die , you would not be my new roommate because you be sleep in herb 's old bed . but you woulda like herb . dad bat for sincey ... how date pile , ticket for the man ... then man . sid you be look for the man ? dad at the company ... guess the bird ... to go but box lose to wooden ... go there . sid to see the man . dad the man . moving in on the parakeet in they cage ... sid okay ... but you can not worry about it now . okay ? dad dokeyokey . the two parakeet be already sleep . fade out on the two parakeet . fade in : int . courtroom - morning on a judge judge ... so each parent want you to live with they ... go to school . you have live with you Mom for the last four year ... why should not you continue to live with she now ? on richie -- thirteen , bright , non-pluss . richie ... she 's move to Hawaii , but I want to play hockey . they do not have hockey there . wider -- hear room include Don and he lawyer , mel , and susie , Don 's ex , and she lawyer . judge so you want to live with you dad , here in Portland , where they do have hockey ? and some good school , I might add . richie well , maybe , but my dad have to work every day and he life in a little condo , but my Mom be rich ... or she new fianc ? be rich ... and they be move into a big house ... and ... judge so , you would be better off there ... she will take you to school every day ? richie um ... well , she sleep ' till eleven every morning , so , she can not take I ... but I could take a cab . judge but , there 's no hockey . richie yes . judge turn to the parent and lawyer . judge now , which of you two really want this boy ? both parent and both lawyer answer simultaneously . don , susie , mel , hal I do . she do , you honor , he do , I do . the judge look at all of they . judge you ever hear of the wisdom of Solomon ? they look at he blankly . judge invoking the wisdom of Solomon ... and know that richie here can stay through New Year 's to see how he like live with he dad ... ( susie gasp ! ) for a change . he 's be live with you for four year ... and I really think the only person here capable of decide who richie should live with be ... they all hang on he final word . judge richie ! with a sly and know grin , he bring the gavel down ! they be all severally and individually dumbfounded , mouth agape . even richie . CUT to : int . don be two room condo - night it 's small , but it have a great view of the city light of Portland , ore . good guess he 's on the 20th floor of a downtown high - rise condo building . chic , but clinical . a tiny , plastic , tabletop Christmas tree with a few gift be a sad look concession to the holiday spirit . Don be couch - potato , do three thing at once , watch the blazer on tv , work some actuarial figure on he laptop computer , and talk to Max , who lie on the floor , watch he for he next move . don ( to the blazer ) ... good God , put the damn ball in the basket !! oh , no ... Jesus ! it 's half - time . blazer lead by a point . he shake he head , start type , but Max be eyeball he , and he feel it . don hey ! Max ... do not look at I like that . I do not create the situation . I just play the hand I be deal ... and if I can play the hand I be deal so can you ... ' cause you be a dog . just a dog . the doorbell ring . his cell phone ring , too . he walk with the cell phone to the door , look through the peephole . open the door . the young woman in jeans and a funny hat be there , this time with little girl in hand . young woman ( jan patrick ) hi ... Mr. markel ? don yes ... oh , you be ... jan Jan Patrick . my daughter , bren . to meet Max . the phone buzze insistently . he finally answer it . don okay ... you want to meet max. ( on phone ) Don markel . oh ... um ... hold on . jan be it okay ...? don sure. Max ! come here , Max . Max look over the couch with a curious look on he wise dog face . jan see , bren , be not he great ? she go to Max . jan bren this be Max . bren I know ... she smile . they both pet Max , who be friendly but cautious . Don move away into the kitchen area , with he back to they . while bren and Jan check out Max in the foreground . don ( on phone ) susie ? sorry ... um ... okay , so how do you want to arrange this ... fine , he can stay with you tonite in the hotel , and I will pick he up tomorrow ... yes , I have already get he the hockey stuff . yes , I can afford it . yes , I can afford the time ... I will make the time . he return to the live area ... carry a leash and a dog dish . don ( to Jan and bren ) you like Max ? they nod ... jan ... we need a big dog to protect the chicken from the mountain lion . bren ? you like Max ? bren I love he . Mom ...? jan ok , yes ... Mr. markel ? don Mountain lion ... Max ? bren do not worry he 's big ... so they will not even try to fight he . unless they be really hungry . Don 's not sure , but nod anyway , and hand over the leash and the dog dish . bren we also have a cat ... and Max will love greta . jan a cat name greta . don I just can not keep a dog . it 's a no pet building . ( into the phone ) hold on , susie ... hold on . jan I understand . so , um , merry Christmas . Don blink . oh , yeah , Christmas . jan Christmas . tomorrow ? don uh , yes ... merry Christmas . Don give Max a farewell pat on the head and usher they out . watch they go down the hall . Max turn he head back to look at Don , then continue down the hall with he new owner . Way down the hall , at the elevator , bren hug Max , then hug she Mom . Don remain in the foreground on cordless phone in hall . bren oh , Mom , he 's great . thanks . don susie ... okay , so , it 's o.k . I will pick he up . send he p.j' ... ok ? jan you be welcome . have a good trip . merry Christmas aloha . they hug again and board the elevator . Don hang up the phone . follow don back into he condo . don aloha . ho. ho. ho. he plop back down on the couch . scottie pippen block a shot . he look at the tv with a glassy eye stare . sigh . suddenly , with one sweeping , seethe , flail of he arm , like dad , Don knock everything off the coffee table , include the sad little Christmas tree and gift ... and seethes . don Jesus ! what kind of a life be this ? on tv : rasheed wallace swoops through the air , and slam dunk . fade in : int . dad be room - old oak - dawn on the two bird ... chirp at the dawn . dad be stare at the ceiling , wide - eye , in the same position as he go to bed . sid be fast asleep . dad hear the bird chirp . he get out of bed , look at the bird , throw some seed on they little feed station . they eat , chirp , he grin . a voice merry Christmas . dad grin , and respond ... to the bird . dad merry chr ... chri ... the voice belong to a new nurse , a male nurse , Derrick , a big black guy . derrick here I be , Mr. macropoulis ( dad whirl around ) merry Christmas . dad look at he like he 's crazy . Derrick pick up the phone at bedside , hold the receiver in the air . derrick it 's you son . in Oregon . dad blink . puzzle . dad you son ? derrick no , you son , Don , in Oregon . he want to wish you a merry Christmas . ( dad just blink ) on the telephone . dad just blink . sid sit up . sid it 's you son . on the telephone . you son . dad look at sid , look at the phone . dad oh ... doo , you son . dad take the phone to he ear , but he 's get it upside down . we can hear Don try to talk through the phone . " dad , be you there ...? " dad blink , knock the receiver a couple of time on the edge of the bedside table to make it work . derrick here , try it this way . Derrick take the receiver and turn it around correctly to dad 's ear . we can hear Don 's Voice try to make contact . derrick say hello . dad can hear Don but he just blink . derrick say hello , mister macropoulis . dad just blink , not sure what to do . sid rise up again , look at dad . sid say hello to you son . dad brighten , seem to understand sid . what be it about sid ? dad say hel-lo ...! Derrick give the high sign to sid . CUT and intercut to : int . don be hi - rise apartment - day intercut with dad' room on phone Don be on the phone while in the background richie be put on a array of hockey equipment ... just out of the box . Don have a cheap electronic keyboard that richie give he . don dad ... how be you do there ? be they take care of you ? it 's frustrating . dad 's voice be all mumble . don I call to wish you a merry Christmas . merry Christmas . ( dad 's voice - incoherent ) I say ... merry christmas !! ( ... " who ? " ) I be with richie on Christmas Day ... dad' voice you be bitchy ? don richie ! my son . you grandson . he want to talk to you . ( to richie ) richie ... it 's grampa . Don bring the phone to richie 's ear . richie take the phone . richie hi , grampa . ( dad mumble ) huh ? what do you say ? ( dad mumble ) I can not understand what you be say . be you okay ? how be Max ? on dad : dad sex. yes ... play . richie' phone voice you dog , Max . how be Max ? on don , bite he lip , eager to take the phone . dad no attack . ( to sid ) she can not hear . sid take the phone . sid hello . this be sid graybar ... richie huh ? ...oh , it 's for you . sid graybar . Don grab the phone . don hello . who be this ? sid I be you dad 's roommate . don oh , hi , how 's he do ? sid he and I be buddy . he 's do fine . he want I to tell you and you boy ... merry Christmas . but dad be already wander out of the room , have trouble with the doorknob . finally , he get it and go out . CUT to : ext . portland riverside - day Don and richie , walk along the riverside park near the great fountain . richie be definitely overdress in the pad and uniform of a big time hockey player , the white goalie 's mask be wear by Don flip up on he forehead , and he also carry richie 's hockey stick and richie 's skate be carry over Don 's shoulder . richie ... but why do not anyone tell I ? don I do tell you , Rich . richie I mean then ... when she die . don well , you be at you Mom 's , and I think she probably feel it would be better if I tell you . richie I be never go to see my grandma again . a long pause . Don have he own feeling about he mother . richie will I see grampa again , dad ? don the truth ? ( richie look at he . ... the truth , of course ) I do not know . in any case , you can tell , grampa will never be the same person you know . richie yeah , I can tell . but , you know something , dad . grampa know about life ... and I will bet he still know how to have fun . ahead of they be the ice-rink ... and also , some people walk ... a dog . Don stop , do a take . squint . yep , it 's the young woman , Jan Patrick , and she daughter and another kid , walk a dog , and yep , the dog be Max . richie what about grampa 's dog ... do they allow Max at the old folk home ? don un ... no ... um ... I mean yes , yes they do . richie they do ! that 's really neat ... grampa love that dog . they're ... like , marry . the woman and kid and Max go into the enclosure of the outdoor skate rink . don um , richie ... it 's get awfully cold , and ... um ... I forget to tell you ... richie ... forget what ...? don ...um ... to tell you ... I be not really feel that well , and ... um ... we have that party to go to ... we will just have to do hockey ... um ... tomorrow . richie but , dad , I be take a lesson . Mr. bolton be wait ... that party be tonite . Max and the woman and kid be get closer . Don physically turn richie around and head the other direction . don richie , I be get really sick ... I have to go back to the condo ... I be really sick . richie yeah . I think you be have you period . Don give he a funny look , and push he along . don be v.o. I would lie to my son , and ... do not think I do not feel bad about it . but why ? richie could handle the truth . hah ! o.k. I get it . I be the one ... who could not handle the truth . on jan patrick -- with bren and Max , the dog , and a couple of other kid , she eye catch something at a distance ... Don have turn and walk the other way with richie ... she stop , wonder , then join the other again ... int . the live room - old oak - day almost all the patient be just sit and sleep in chair . a big Christmas tree dominate the room . derrick all right , everybody . perk up ... we be go to light the Christmas tree ... and it 's almost 2 o'clock ... visitor and sing ... and gift ... he turn the switch to light the big tree , which be beautiful . most everyone look spacey - eye at the tree , and one woman applaud a little . sid and dad sit together amongst fifteen woman . sid that 's nothing . I have see better . that 's nothing . dad nod he agreement . sid we could have some real fun if they would let we . nurse cooper something naughty . dad nod . sid look at she . sid you be not include . she stick she nose up indignantly . nurse cooper you have get you share of sponge bath from I . dad ho-ho-ho . they look at dad . sid and nurse do a take . nurse ho-ho-ho . sid ho-ho-ho ... merry Christmas . several middle - age people and a few kid be trooped in through the main hallway into the live room , bear Christmas gift ... they spread out to they mother and grandmother , " merry - Christmas " ing as they go . sid ho-ho-ho . nurse and dad giggle . CUT to : ext . a country house - decorate - oregon - night richie and Don be trekk in the rain with a umbrella , gift in hand towards the house . so be another father and he daughter . richie I do not get it , dad . if you do not know anybody ... who do you give the gift to ? don we just put them under the tree . I give mine to any Mom , and you give yours to any other kid . richie and you do not even know them ? how do you know this people ? don I see it in the newspaper . it 's for single parent and they kid . they ring the doorbell . someone answer immediately . and overweight earth mother with a big smile . int . the christmas party house - portland - night woman hi ... I be nan. merry Christmas . she hug Don and then hug richie . they look at each other . nan come on in ... put you gift under the tree . Betty , Peter ... this be ...? don I be Don ... this be richie . betty and peter hi ... merry Christmas ! Betty and Peter take turn hugging Don and richie , who see each other over the shoulder of the hugger and exchange wide - eye plea of helplessness . they stop hugging and three more people line up . three people merry Christmas ...! as they start to hug Don and richie , we -- CUT to : int . live room - old oak - late day everyone , old patient , dress up on they 40' and 50' , they child , nurse , Mrs. Oakley , gift have be exchange . the patient try on they new sweater and warm booty . some have be give toy , rubber ball to squeeze , a slinky , and -- Mrs. Oakley be at the piano , leaf through a book of Christmas carol . sid look ... I get a tie . my nephew in North dakota . he 's seventy - two ... and you think I do not have any live relative . I think I give he this tie ... fifteen year ago . what would you get ? dad more ... today . dad open a little jewel box , and pull out he treasure . it 's a fashion condom . dad do not seem to know what it be . sid who give you that ? from across the room , " nurse " Cooper wink . sid where do she get it ? Derrick have a grin on he face . he shrug . dad blink , puzzle . think . think . think . derrick she ask . Mrs. mackay , a patient who have always look curious , reach out to dad ... take the condom from he hand to inspect it , then pass it along to another patient ... dad be not sure he like what they be do . on scene -- at the piano mrs . oakley be at the piano , and one , and two - and - mrs . oakley rudolph the red nose reindeer have a little shiny nose and if you ever see he you would even say it glow ... she start to play and sing ... and the crowd be slow to join she , but the sing - a- long pick up as : ... the condom be pass around the circle of senile inspector , none quite sure what it be , as dad 's eye follow the condom from hand to hand in the circle -- CUT to : int . country house in portland - day segue sing -a-long -same song -different people song ... they would not let poor rudolph play in any reindeer game . then one foggy Christmas eve Santa come to say ... similar scene with young people . gift open and try out and wear . Don and richie be on the periphery of the sing - along caroler around the piano . Don 's gift be open and in hand , it 's Natural oatmeal soap , nicely package . richie be hold a barbie doll ... negotiate a trade with a little girl for the action figure she have in hand . girl I have six barby ! and I like action man . I feel sorry for you and all but ... what can I do ? richie shrug . they move in closer ... towards the piano player , who sit with she little girl on the bench , play and sing . she turn to Don . it 's Jan Patrick . jan ( in between note ) hi , there . Mr. markel . Don gulp . richie do a take . jan you should see Max . he 's great . he bark at everybody , ... he 's very protective of we . Don smile wanly . richie be puzzle , think about it . jan look ! you get my gift . see , it say " from Jan . " Don nod weakly . richie be start to get it . jan and ... I think I get yours ! yes ? chanel ... how nice . she hold up a tiny bottle of chanel eau d'toilet . Don nod uncomfortably as richie give he a sadly puzzle , dirty look , and move back and away into the crowd . Don do not know which way to go . Jan get he attention to sing - a- long . jan / don ET al . Three french hen , two turtle dove ... CUT to : int . live room - old oak - late day segue : sing -a-long ... and a partridge in a pear tree , etc . a short conga line have start , that few able body have join in the conga line , sing , circle through the live room , sing . dad and sid include ... and just as another chorus be sung , nurse Cooper join the group from down the hall ... and she hold up she prize -- the birdcage with dad 's two parakeet . " nurse " ... and a partridge in a pear treeee ...!! cheer . she have score a triumph with the crowd , and they continue to dance around and sing . dad look funny ... and move to nurse . dad his doll . his doll . dad reach for the cage . she pull it away . nurse we be just have fun . agitate , dad take a swipe at the cage . she pull it away . taunting he . he take another swipe . dad his doll !! his ! he lunge and grab the cage from she . both dad and the cage crash to the floor . the bird fly out ... Chaos reign . the nurse come to dad 's aid . nurse Cooper be shouting she defense . the sing stop . the patient be frighten . the bird fly around through the people . scream . one of the bird land on Mrs. Oakley ... she shriek and the bird take off . the nurse be chase the bird . the bird be squawk . sid take dad 's hand -- and just as they be about to reach the door , dad dash over to the circle of patient , grab the condom as it 's be pass by one gnarled hand to another gnarled hand ... and he 's go . sid come on . dad Little bird . sid yes ... bird ... come on . sid lead dad through the crowd . new angle -- int . the front hallway - day no one there as sid lead dad from the crowd see in the live room and into the hall . sid look around . no one there . dad crazy ... crazy . sid that 's the sanest thing you have ever say . the cloak room be there . sid take two overcoat , hand one to dad ... and two scarve . sid let' go have fun ! dad grin nervously , but follow sid to the front door ... as in the background , Derrick be on a chair coax one of the bird down from the chandelier . two man with Santa hat walk out the front door . sid and dad . CUT to : ext . old oak - night it 's snow . sid and dad walk through the front gate and along the neighborhood sidewalk . on dad and sid walking dad ...go ... go . sid go. where ? we will go to see the man . want to find the man ? dad ticket ... see the man . dad smile at sid , bump into a street lamp . sid turn he around and they go . it 's a real Christmas night . snow glisten on the ground , neighborhood street lamp casting the long shadow of leafless tree . one lone car be come , it 's headlight bright on the icy street . it 's very slippery and the car move at a snail pace . it 's actually a mini-pickup truck ... the street lamp cast the long shadow of two Men walk then pick up a little speed -- sid hey , remember ... ... we be kid ! sid just fast enough to get behind the pickup truck , secretly grab on to its back gate , and plant he foot just right , sid skate on the icy street . dad love it , and once sid be secure , dad hurry to take a ride too . our view ride with they as they ride with joyous smile . sid ( sing ) jingle bell , jingle bell , jingle all the way ...! dad ... ingle -- boy - the way . new angle -- ext . local thoroughfare - night from this angle , it 's a quiet night on the thoroughfare , and the street be not icy , unlike the icy side street which intersect it . just now , come gingerly towards we on the side street be the mini-pickup truck , and when it get to the intersection , it turn ! send siding and sprawling into a big embankment pile at the side of the road be it 's rider ... sid and dad . on the snow bank , dad and sid be sprawle with ecstatic and exhaust smile on they face , catch they breath . finally . dad mumble something and sid agree . sid see . there 's still life in the old boy . dad be tracking something . he view : it 's a city bus come up the thoroughfare . dad jump up . start run for the bus . dad go ... go . Home . dad wave the bus down and the bus stop for he well before the bus stop . the bus door open , the Black driver be in uniform except for a Santa hat just like dad 's : driver merry Christmas , brother Claus . dad therr -- stmash . driver you be smart not to be drink and drive . hop on board , Mr. Claus . dad get on halfway through the door ... mumble something excitedly , hold the door open . driver no problem ... I will wait . huffing as fast as he old leg will allow , sid hustle up the street and onto a bus . sid merry Christmas ... the driver shut the door and the bus go . int . the bus - night dad have go to the back of the bus , but sid , also in he Santa hat , try to find some change in he pocket . sid ... ooops ... look like I be a embarrassed Santa . driver oh , hell ... it 's Christmas . do not worry about it . sid pat he fellow Santa on the shoulder and move to the back of the bus with dad . except from they , the bus be empty . they sit quietly next to each other . dad grin devilishly . sid what 's up ? dad open he clench fist . grin . in he palm be the fashion condom . sid smile , grab for it playfully ; but dad clinch he fist . hold it tight . CUT to : int . old oak - night the Christmas guest be just say they goodby , kissing they love one , say good - bye to the nurse and the smile Mrs. Oakley at the front door . quickly , the regular patient be once again alone , make way with they aluminum walker amidst the after math of wrapping paper , napkin , paper plate of the party . mrs . oakley well , I hope you will all agree ... it be a wonderful Christmas ... and now it 's 7:30 and I be sure you be all tired , and I know that staff member not on duty would like to get home ... the old folk start move back to they room , slowly . CUT to : ext . the CITY STREET - night the City Bus move up the street and pull up to a bus stop . on the bus ' door ... ... as it open and sid get out . dad be behind he , but dad suddenly run to the back of the bus . the bus driver shut the door and take off . sid watch as the bus move up the street , then stop , then back up all the way back to sid . on the door -- -- as it open and dad be stand there . he just stand there ... driver okay , now . merry Christmas . make up you mind ... in or out . sid okay , I will get back in . he get in . so dad get out . dad 's outside and sid be inside . driver okay , be that it ? what street do you want ? sid hey , roomie , get back in . dad stand in the snow , puzzle , look around . then he point down the side street . dad Home ... sid Home ? this be where you live ? dad get excited , point down the street ! driver look , I understand . you guy have have one too many ... but you have get to make up you mind . dad have run and slip and slide down the street ... so sid shrug and stumble off the bus after he . the driver roll he eye , shut the door , and drive off . on dad as sid run towards he . dad be stand next to someone 's garbage can . he pick up the garbage can cover from two can , and have a gleam in he eye . sid wait for I . dad barely wait for sid as he throw one of the garbage can cover on the ground and jump on to it , leave the other can cover behind as he start slide down the hilly suburban street , pick up steam as he go , look back to sid with a crazy smile . sid watch , call after he . sid hey , do not do that . it 's dangerous . he 's not hear . he pick up he garbage can cover , shrug , sid okay , the nut have take over the looney bin . he get on he can cover , and we watch he follow dad down the long hill of Christmas decorate fine home . they be scream into the cold silent night as -- CUT to : int . old oak - dad and side bedroom - night Mrs. Oakley , dress in she overcoat , the o.d. nurse , Mrs. russel and Derrick and one or two onlooker patient be stand in the room with two make and unfetter bed . the parakeet be back in they cage , and the cage be tape shut with silver plumber tape . mrs . oakley okay , let 's go through this once more . they be both see when the problem begin . mrs . russel Mr. metropolis ... yes . derrick it get so crazy ... mrs . oakley well , they be definitely not here ... so we would better call the police again . they shrug and look at each other collectively , as : ext . a big circa 1930' craftsman style house - night the view be like a picture postcard , decorate and light with flash light , a big Christmas tree in the live room window . otherwise the house be dark . on sid and dad stand , look , they garbage can sleds just behind they . sid this be where you live ? dad go ... sid okay , let 's go . they trek up the step ... on the front porch as they arrive ... sid I do not know you be rich . you get the key ? dad look at the big front door , nod he head like a mystic , and reach up and over one of the porch light , and ... viola ... produce the key . hand it to sid , with a big grin . sid open the door , and swing the door open . they walk in . int . the big house - night it be a beautiful traditional home , replete with craftsman 1930 's furniture , Tiffany lamp , and ... in the live room , the huge Christmas tree with dozen of already open gift leave under it and around the live room . sid see what a nice family you have get . gift everywhere . they look around , sid take dad 's arm and lead he through the foyer , and as they go , sid stop dad short . they be stand under a sprig of mistletoe . sid look at dad , who be confuse , and sid give he a buss on the cheek ... dad grin , and they continue in . sid this be the best friggin' Christmas of all . dad nod . int . the kitchen - night panning a wall full of snapshot ... not unlike the gallery of snapshot on dad 's kitchen wall at he real home . side voice ding . ding. ding. ( imitate Mrs. Oakley 's soprano ) it 's dinner hour . dinner everyone . dad and sid arrive into frame . sid point out the gallery of snapshot . sid Nice family . that you wife ? and you son , nice lookin ' man , and that 's you grandson . Nice . here , you sit , I will get dinner . dad sit as sid move to the refrigerator . sid no picture of you , I see ... just like my family , I take all the snapshot , so I be never in any picture . dad 's eye be focus on something . dad' view one of the chair at the kitchen table be on a angle . dad move the chair to resemble the angle of mom' chair at he real home . sid move to the table with a array of food . the basic food group . grape , lettuce , two half gallon of ice cream , two different flavor , and a big jar of pickle . sid that 's what I hate about Old oak . you have to eat what they give you . sid accidentally bump Mom 's chair out of its position , start to sit . dad quickly move the chair back to its Mom 's chair position . sid blink , decide not to sit there , and sit in another chair , start to serve the food . sid now we can find out just how come pregnant woman love to eat ice cream and pickle . and he serve ice cream and pickle onto dad 's plate . dad start to eat a pickle , dip it into the ice cream and eat it . he take another long look at Mom 's chair , as we -- CUT to : ext . old oak - the portico - night Mrs. Oakley with two police officer , and other officer look around the grounds in the b.g. with flashlight . Three police car be in the driveway , with flash light . mrs . oakley ... now that I think of it , two of we Christmas party visitor , Mr. sweeney , and Mr. fiedler both report they overcoat miss ... ( refer to note ) ...one a long , brown gabardine , and the other a tweedy grey . the Police Officer take note . police officer be it possible that they might not have walk off ... but be take home by they family ...? mrs . oakley ... well , Mr. graybar have no family , and Mr. markopolis ... just get here ... ... maybe they go " home " to Mr. metropolis 's house ... um , nurse Cooper , thank you , everything 's under control here . nurse Cooper have stick she nose out the front door . and she go back in with a huff at Mrs. Oakley 's insistence . police officer we be check out Mr. markopoulis 's house ... but if they be not there , we be go to have to put out a news bulletin . mrs . oakley oh , dear , that would be negative publicity for Old oak . police officer I understand ... hopefully they will turn up in the next hour or two . a piece of mistletoe hang over they head . Mrs. Oakley give the officer a little peck . mrs . oakley I could not resist . the officer smile , tip he cap , and -- CUT to : ext . the house - night Vic be guide two policeman through the house in one fluid camera shot . Vic talk nervously and the cop say nothing . VIC this be the kitchen . dining room ... it 's a bert norris build house ... 1945 , so you know it be well build if you know bert norris ' reputation ... but , hah , here I be try to sell you the house ... when you be look to find out if ... Mr. markopoulis try to come home . you say he 's with sid graybar . I think sid graybar die ... he daughter die five year ago . I sell the house . they inspect most of the house . cop talk into a cellular walkie talkie . cop ( in to phone ) Officer burton . we be at the house on dalton Street . no sign of they here . over ( radio voice ) okay ... we will scout the bus station . over. out. ( to Vic ) thanks for you trouble . Vic nod . CUT to : ext . the fine house - another hometown tableau - dawn the Christmas decoration be bright in the dark of the dawn until , within a few second , a big orange ball rise over the hill , and the dark turn to light . int . the house - the kitchen - dawn dad be asleep sit up in he chair at the kitchen table . one of the two gallon of ice cream have tip over and its melt creamy content be spill on the table . the lettuce be wilted . the pickle jar be empty . a p.a. amplify Voice fill the air with a Big Voice from nowhere . p.a. voice hello . testing . testing . this be the voice of you conscience . yes , I mean you . this be the voice ... of ' the man . ' dad 's eye pop open . the voice continue : sid be v.o. ( the p.a. ) the voice of the man know all ... even that thing you never told nobody . dad 's eye pop open more . he look around . nobody . sid 's gravelly old voice continue : sid be v.o. and even though you be senile now and confuse , yes , I , the voice of the man know that you can still think and remember and feel thing . dad be really frighten . he start to tremble and look to the ceiling . dad ... I do not mean ... who ... you have the ticket ? CUT and intercut to : int . the live room - day sid be by the Christmas tree , try out one of the gift , a karaoke sing -a -long system , now be use like a amplify bullhorn . it bellow . sid ( on bullhorn ) yes ... I have the ticket . I know everything . have you be good or bad in you lifetime ? dad 's voice be hear from the kitchen . dad' voice ...good ! good ! no ... bad . sid ( on bullhorn ) that's right . you 've be bad . in the kitchen , dad be unnerve . he think this be it ! the end of it all . dad no. please ... good . please . good . dad have be look for the Voice , and he now start to walk into the live room . in the live room -- sid how good ? have you ever hugged you kide ? dad wander into the room , listen to the voice , and even though he see sid with the sing -a- long toy , he do not get it . dad my woman ... ice cream . sid hmmm . that be ... bad . oops ! he see dad stand right in front of he , put down the sing - a- long bullhorn . dad I ... I ... I ... he ... he ...he. sid who ? who ? who ? the man ... the man come ? dad nod . nodding very low , then nodd very high . nodding ... sid oh , yeah ... what would the man say ? dad point to himself , finger he own chest several time . dad ...good , good . sid you be a good man ? dad nod he head , yes , yes , yes . sid well , you must be a good man ... because ... do you see how many present you family have give you . sid get up , take dad by the hand , and they go over to the tree , sit on the floor with all the gift . there be the gift for the family , some for Mom , some for dad , some for a boy about 12 , and some for a girl about 8 . montage sequence : our theme be up , as : sid and dad play with the gift . 1 . they try on some clothes and hat . sid put a great , warm sweater on dad . dad put a fir hat on sid 's head . they stay this way throughout . 2 . play with a radio control Ford explorer suv from room to room . dad run the car from a battery operate remote in he hand ... and sid run after the car from room to room . just as sid reach the car and start to pick it up , dad he the button and the car zoom away . CUT to : int . don's portland hi - rise condo - day Don be pack a suitcase and talk on the phone at the same time . don ( on phone ) o.k. , that 's great ... you will buy the non-taxable muni 's -- pay seven and a scrosh ... you get the warrant throw in ... and you let you ira sell Yahoo for the year end tax loss ... and you go into the new year look at a carryover . richie walk by he again on the return , silently . sit on the opposite side of the room , with he back turn . don okay , John , happy New Year ... I will call tomorrow too . you , too . thanks . fluid camera following Don hang up , close the suitcase , look at he watch . walk into the kitchen , past richie , without a word Don open the refrigerator , bachelor empty , take out a 7 - up . don be you pack ? ( no answer ) want a soda ? no answer . he shrug , walk back . don look , richie , this be a emergency ... I would really appreciate it if you would make it a little easier . no answer from richie . don okay ... I know it 's not easy . so , if you feel like you need to choose to live with you Mom , I will understand . no answer from richie . in fact , richie 's grim deadpan look could kill . Don just look out the window . on the street below , a cab be just pull up . don okay . the cab be here . he pick up he suitcase and head out the front door . he wait for richie . richie take he time , pick up he backpack and he hockey stick , and make he way to the door , pass he father within inch without a word . Don sigh and close the door . CUT to : int . the live room of the big house - day dad and sid continue the silent but for music over montage , now they -- 3 . smash ball . dad and sid hit a soft rubber ball hard as they can with wooden paddle , but it only float through the air , and they run to hit it ... back and worth ... back and forth just miss several disaster , and then like two outfielder run for the same ball in the air , they smash into each other , and pratfall to the carpet , exhaust and happy . 4 . dad be dress a barbie doll , and love it . sid come over with a big GI - Joe action figure and the two doll start talk to each other in barbie and GI Joe talk . ' oh , hi I be barbie . ' ' okay , I like you boob . ' then , in fun , the two doll start fight , as -- CUT to : int . airplane - a 707 - day it 's a smaller interior , but again Don be crush into he seat , surround by larger people . richie sit in a aisle seat three or four seat away . don be v.o . I wish I have not lie to my son about Max . I wish my Mom have not die . I wish my dad have not become senile and nutty . I wish richie would decide to live with I , ... but I feel relieved by that judge ... I do not have to make the decision . I wish I be make more money . I wish I live on a farm or in Paris . I wish I be not on a airplane go back to duluth again . I wish I have a better life . and I wish that wishing would make it so , because even with all that wishing , I do not feel better about anything . so , ring in the damn new year . might as well . happy F - word New Year . richie be look at he , also wishing something . Don feel he eye ... look to richie , smile a little , and richie quickly avert he eye . CUT to : int . the live room of the big house - day -- as dad and sid continue they montage sequence . 5 . sid pick up a video cassette , it 's a home movie cassette " to Jerry , from : you ' loving ' wife . " he put it into the vcr . they sit , stare at the tv with jaw agape . on tv : it 's the wife ( see snapshot in kitchen ) and she husband ( see snapshot ) ... make love in they bedroom . it 's a amateur longshot , and as they have finish one phase of love - make , they both laugh , turn to the camera , and bow ... and then applaud , then bow again , turn to each other and resume the love-make . dad and sid applaud vigorously . 6 . they open a fruitcake tin , unwrap the fruitcake and start to eat it in big chunks . CUT to : ext . minneapolis airport - night Don and Vic be emerge from the baggage Area . Don with he one bag , and richie tail behind with he attitude apparent . there 's a homeless man with two child , who simply mumble " spare change ? " Vic reach in and hand he some spare change . Don do not really notice . don Vic , I feel like you be a old , old friend . VIC I know you would forget , ol ' buddy , but I be a old , old friend . do not sweat it . they arrive at Vic 's car , a new cadillac , throw Don 's suitcase in the back seat , and richie follow silently . VIC this you kid ? don what kid ? you see a kid ? VIC hi , I be vic. you be ...? don he 's richie , here only by accident of birth . Vic shrug and they go . VIC okay , it 's midnite ... so not much use do anything about you dad tonite . so , we have plenty of room ... don be v.o. no , Vic , we can stay at a hotel . VIC be v.o. you forget . it 's duluth , the last hotel they build be the bate Motel . the car turn out of the airport onto the main thoroughfare . CUT to : int . the fine big house - live room - morning it be one big mess . gift and clothing everywhere . dad and sid be sit in big chair . sleep sit up , each with fruitcake still in he hand . dad with the barbie doll , also " sleep " , in the crook of he arm . CUT to : int . VIC be house - kitchen - morning on tv in kitchen a tv photo of dad , follow by a photo of sid graybar , seguee into a local news team . newscaster voice ... both be local man , the two retiree be discover late last night to have just walk out of the annual Christmas Party at the Old oak retirement home . pulling back reveal Don and richie at the breakfast table with Vic and he family . it 's a big unassume kitchen for a big unassume family . Vic get up and down to bring food to the table and to assist he wife , barb , capable and still pretty , and he three kid , 3 , 8 , and 13 be the good kind , help and get ready for school . tv remain on subliminally in background . VIC ... you dad be big news in duluth . eat hardy , now ... we get a big day ahead of we ... we gotta go find the man . kid dad , I need $ 1.50 . VIC what for ? kid I be the treasurer of the Art Club ... and we be short $ 1.50 . Vic roll he eye , dig into he pocket , hand Vic , Jr. a couple bill . VIC that 's what it 's all about , Don . kid thanks , dad ... nice meeting you richie ... if you be still here on Saturday , we have a hockey game ... richie great ... thanks . Vic , Jr. be out the door . VIC I give he $ 1.50 now ... maybe , if I be lucky he will take care of I when I get old and senile . barb you will never get old and senile , ' cause I be go to kill you with kindness first . ( she give Vic a buss ) more egg , Don ?... richie ? don no thanks , barb ... richie , you want more egg ? Don push the egg towards he . richie burn . richie no , thanks , Mrs. hudnut . don oh , he do talk ; just not to he own father . Don look at richie and richie 's look in return could burn through tempere steel . newscaster Police have check the bus station and the rescue shelter ... and not a sign of the two retiree ... another newscaster well , Stacey ... there be one clue , Dick falsey interview a bus driver shawean mcmillian ... on tv in b.g. : there 's the black Santa bus driver ... bus driver I think they be drunk ... they act ... um ... weird ... I never think they be that old ... on tv : CUT to the corner of St. Clair and mount holyoke street where the bus driver let they off . newscaster ... this be the corner he leave they off at ... at about 6:30 last night . newscaster 2 if anyone have any information ... newscaster ... just call the station . VIC okay , that give US a idea where to start . newscaster v.o. ... and , the two man be not think to be either armed or dangerous . don ... depend on how you look at it . Don laugh , look to richie to laugh with he , but richie still will not talk to he or recognize that he 's alive . CUT to : int . the big house - the master bedroom - day sid be stand at the window , peek through the curtain . in the background , we hear a shower go , then stop . sid see : he view : a squad car pass slowly in the street , stop at some neighborhood kid who be sledding , ask they something , they shake they head , and we overhear , we have not see anyone ... just people we know . the car go on . sid well , nothing last forever . sid turn to dad , now come out of the bathroom ... with he pants on and try to pull a woman 's undy over he head as he go . in he mouth , he 's carry a brassier . sid well look at you . dad no go . sid help he to take the woman 's undy off he head , and help he into he own shirt . sid this be very become , but you would not want I to get the wrong idea . he take the brassier from dad , look he in the eye . sid be you get bored , like I ? do not you think we should get out of here soon ? dad agree , nod yes , definitely , yes . sid but do not you think we should get catch ... instead of just turn ourselves in ? dad be not sure , he shake he head , no , then maybe , then nod ... dad pickle . dad pull something from he pocket . it 's the fashion condom . dad grin , try like hell to wiggle he eyebrow like groucho marx , on the make . sid now , that 's a good idea . let 's call " nurse " Cooper , have she come over , have some fun ... ( sid wink ! ) ... and then they can catch we , we will say gee whiz we be really sorry , but we be too old to know any better . here , take we away . sid put he hand out to be " cuffed . " dad mimic the action . sid guffaw , and dad guffaw with he , as sid pick up the bedside phone , punch in the number . sid now , of course , we be go to clean up you house ... you family will never know we be even here . ( phone answer " Old oak " ) hello ... be nadine Cooper there ? this be she nephew . int . old oak - nurse station - day a nurse be at the desk hold the phone in the air . nurse um , miss Cooper , telephone . it 's you nephew . " nurse " Cooper hurry to the phone . " nurse " cooper my nephew ... ? all the way from England ? ( she take the phone ) hello . who ...? ohh . ohhhhhhhh ! yes ... why ... yes ! oh , I certainly could ... would ... and ... should . she hang up , look around furtively , then head back to she room quickly . CUT to : int . the big house - day dad and sid be raid the utility closet , pull out a vacuum cleaner , a bucket and mop , a broom , duster , etc . sid start to fill the pail with water , and sud be start to form . he see dad , struggle with the plug to the vacuum cleaner , -- he 's try to plug it into itself . sid here , let I help with that . sid plug it into the wall , and then dad start to vacuum with it . dad nooooo ... this ... be it . dad start to vacuum in one direction ... love it ... sid not that way ... this way . he turn the direction around , and dad fight with he for control of the vacuum , but sid win . sid this way ... okay ? dad agree now and start to vacuum in that direction , so sid let go and head off , but see that -- dad let the vacuum cleaner go and watch it zoom off through the doorway into the dining room , and it 's head for ... a huge antique art deco flower vase . sid run to catch it , and ... just before it hit the ming vase ... he do . he lift the Deco vase as the vacuum go by , and he cannot stop the vacuum in time ... on dad -- delighted . ... when the vacuum drag a Tiffany stand lamp down and it fall ... slowly ... teeter ... dad be watch it , he neck turn with every teeter . sid now have the same problem , watch it teeter ... and then finally , fall , and sid run ... and ... slide ... ... just in time to catch the lamp by its shade on he chest , hold it in the air triumphantly , just like a center fielder . dad laugh . sid be just return the lamp to its upright position , when he see dad 's expression , puzzle . sid turn to see what dad see , which be -- foam water pour out of the utility room , under the door , and into the hall , and down the stair ... foam and flow uncontrollably . sid and dad run to turn off the water , but of course they must run through the foam to get to its source , and they slip and pratfall , get up , fall , slide a few foot , get up help each other , in fact hold on to each other as they leg slip away and out from they in opposite direction . they stare into each other eye , face the inevitable , kind of like the experience in slow motion , but finally ... ... slide and pratfall on they face . they scream with delight . CUT to : ext . neighborhood street - VIC be car - day Vic 's car be turn a corner as -- vic' voice see , the real estate business be like life . people . family . people take risk , people make commitment to other people , people be with people , family ... whatever . inside the car -- Vic and Don in front seat , richie , still with a chip , in the back . VIC you take a few risk , you sign them up , hope for a sale ... but when there 's a sale , Don , what a high ! don you love the deal . VIC Don , shame on you . it 's the people ... with every sale there 's a story ... not just one story , but two . the seller 's get a story , and the buyer 's get a story . it 's the process of live ... right in front of my eye , somebody have a baby , need more room , somebody 's mother - in - law move in ... the neighborhood get old ... they move ... and I like the naked city , there 's a story ... and I be there , part of the story ... and when I can help someone ... that 's a high ! don it 's a sale . Don shrug ... it 's hard for he to listen to Vic 's patter . VIC see , even now ... we be look for you dad , who 's ... woooee ... he's " look for the man " ... I know you want to help he find the man ... and I too . they have pass through the neighborhood , and in fact they be this moment pass right by the Big house with the decoration , and the kid sledding nearby . CUT to : ext . old oak - the portico - day a taxicab pull up outside and wait . int . old oak - the front check out desk - day two or three nurse be check out for lunch . nurse derrick ... back after lunch . check out nurse ok . another nurse mumble " back after lunch , " go , and then a third approach the desk in a very large raincoat with the collar pull up and a snow hat pull down to she nose . you can only see she eye . " nurse " cooper ...lunch . check out nurse ok . " nurse " Cooper head for the front door , she can barely believe it be so easy , too easy . yep , too easy . as soon as she go out behind the other two , the check out nurse be join by Mrs. Oakley and they go to the window , pull the curtain back -- what they see -- " nurse " Cooper get in the cab and the cab go , and -- Mrs. Oakley and check out nurse turn they head -- they see -- out of sight , nurse Derrick and nurse russel get into the back of a Police car and it pull out ... follow the taxicab . mrs . oakley well , soon enough ... soon enough . she share a nod with the check out nurse , as -- CUT to : ext . the street - day Vic 's car be drive on neighborhood street ... slowly . int . the car - day on Vic and Don and richie , eat McDonald 's burger , as they go . VIC ... so when I meet barb ... in the 7th grade ... you would go off to mckinley junior High ... I stay at peabody ... and it be love at first sight ... and it be love at last sight too ... right ? Don be get annoyed , either by Vic or the frustration of one house after another but nothing to find . don yeah , I can see you still love she . you have a great family , Vic ... VIC ... there 's no magic to it , just be open . you could do it , Don . find a good woman , a real woman , make it easier for you son to decide to live with you . don oh , shit , Vic ... will you hang it up for a minute ! I try . you do it . you stay home , I leave for the big city . Fame and fortune . you make it on you term , and I have make it ... on ... mine . Vic smile , throw up he arm . in the back seat , richie move up to he father 's ear in the front seat . richie why do not you listen to Vic ? why do not you listen to anybody !? Don turn he head , pretend to be cool . don I think you be not talk to I . richie well , now , I be talk to you , you stupid prick . Don look back at he . richie strike out at he with the hockey stick . Don grab it . don Fine ... you do not like I ? go live with you mother . richie jump out of the back door ... richie Fine , I will . you prick . he 's go ... slip and slide and the stand and run away . Vic stop the car completely . Don jump run after richie . don richie ... come back here . on richie running ... run ...runn ... it 's hard to run on the street , it 's slippery , so he cut in through a snow bank ard continue to huff through the snow . richie just stay away from I ! you dumb prick ! on don running ... run ... run ... it 's hard to follow the young richie and Don 's start to huff . don richie ...!! richie run some more . huffing , look back after he father , catch up , call to he . richie still have he hockey stick in hand , and ... whoops , he trip on the stick , stumble and fall , start to get back up , but -- Don jump over he , hold he by the arm . richie let go of I ! I hate you ! I hate you ! richie try to hit he with the hockey stick , but Don grab it , and push it against richie 's chest . don yeah , if you hate I , I must be do a good job . boy be suppose to hate they father . this enrage richie , who can not move . richie Real father do not lie ! you lie to I ... you lie to I ! father do not lie ... that 's why you be a prick ! on don his expression be wide - eye and he 's out of control , tremble -- he make a fist , cock he arm back -- richie go ahead , you prick ! hit you own son , beat I up ... just like you father beat you , you prick ! Don smashes he fist ... but -- someone 's hand catch he arm . hold it . hold it . tremble . tremble . Don look up . it 's Vic , hold he arm , challenging he eye to eye , arm to arm . Don look into he eye . don who the Hell be you ? VIC I be you best friend . check -- I be you only friend . Vic still hold Don 's wrist . still tremble , Don take a deep breath , try to catch he breath ... Vic finally let go , and Don let 's he tremble arm down . Don , he whole body tremble now , look at richie . don richie ... forgive I . richie do not forgive he , not yet . richie pull himself out from under he father , and get up , pick up he hockey stick and start trekk back to the car . Vic hold he hand out to Don , help he up . Don brushes himself off , start to follow richie . Vic put he arm over Don 's shoulder as they go . Don just barely allow it . long shot , as they go -- don's voice have you ever have a shock run through you whole body . like a electric current . like the electric chair . that 's what happen to I . sometimes it take some shock , some wild moment in you life -- someone 's death , or maybe you come near die yourself somehow . something to change you life , something to shake you up from the inside out ... and you never really know when or where it 's go to come from . in my case , it be my son ... and my ... my ... best friend , Vic hudnut , who do it for I . they reach Vic 's car in long shot ; get back into Vic 's car , silently , and Vic drive off down the street again . CUT to : int . taxicab - day " nurse " Cooper be put on lipstick , and unbuttone the top button of she blouse , pull down the lapel to reveal some substantial cleavage , albeit wrinkle . the cabdriver turn up the main thoroughfare . " nurse " how soon ? how soon ? juniper Street ... 3- 3-2. cabdriver street be slippery , mar 'am . we be get there . he look into he rearview mirror , and see what he expect to see . the police car behind he have turn at the same corner he turn at . he take a breath . nurse think for a second , make a decision , and unbutton even one more button , look ahead confidently . CUT to : int . the big house - day on dad -- peek through the live room window . he get excited . he view -- Vic 's car be pull up in front of the Big House , and Vic and Don and richie be get out . dad run to sid , jump up and down like a dog who need to go out to pee , now ! dad ticket . the ticket , she need ... too many . blister ! sid you son ? here ...? now ? what about nurse Cooper ...? sid run to the window , look out . he view through curtain Don and richie and Vic walk up the walk . sid oh , boy . oh , boy . ext . the big house - day Don , richie , Vic walk up to the house , stop to look -- VIC ...hard to say ... I do not know why I do not think of it ... the hansen 's go to Florida Christmas Day ... it 's worth a try ... they walk up further ... richie grampa ! he view dad in the window , hold the curtain back , freeze there . don dad ! dad ?! dad be freeze at the curtain , but sid come into view , look through the window , see they come and pull dad away from the curtain . Don and Vic look at each other . VIC if we break in , we be trespasp . don maybe they will answer the door . they go to the doorbell , Don ring it . richie look through the side window . he sees : sid push dad down the hall away from the door . richie they be run away . the three look at each other . don Vic and I will go around back . richie ... stay here in case they come out the front door . they split up as : CUT to : int . the taxicab - day " nurse " Cooper on the edge of the back seat , as the driver turn ... and yes it 's down juniper Street . driver okay , Lady ... just down the street now . " nurse " do I look all right ? driver if I may say it , lady , for you age ... " nurse " yes , for my age ...? driver ... you be the sexiest fox I have ever see . there 's the house . " nurse " oh ... what a adventure . nurse Cooper be excited . suddenly , she eye widen , then pop . her view through advancing windshield full view -- the house , with richie out front and on the roof ... two man climb on to the roof from a attic 's peak window ... then work they way around the roof to the backside of the roof 's peak . " nurse be " v.o. do you see what I see ? behind the cab , the Police car turn on its siren . on don look down the street , the cab and the police car with its siren . he wonder what 's happen , then look up to see dad and sid just disappear around to the backside of the roof . sid time to go ! dad oh , boy ... dad hold he nose like he 's jump into a pool , and they slide down the snowy slope of the roof ... on don VIC and richie ... run around to the back of the house . Don lead the way now , possess , fearless , determine . don dad ! where would they go ? dad ? on dad and sid ... landing in a pile of snow , dad help sid getup and they start to run through the back yard . on don , VIC and richie ... run around the side of the house . new angle -- the back yard as Don , richie and Vic arrive where dad and sid just be . they turn this way and that , try to figure it out . richie point at the ground . richie footprint !! don come on ! Don lead the way , as they all start follow the footprint like bloodhound , methodically ... and all too slowly ... as -- another angle -featuring the garage of the house with the three footprint detective in the background , they do not see what we see -- the door of the garage open automatically , revealing sid just behind the door , and suddenly one of the car in the garage , the Jeep Cherokee - 4 WD revs its engine , start back out without stop and then the Jeep blast out in reverse . on don , richie and VIC they head turn , and they eye ... pop ! on don amaze , terrify ... don dad ! don 't ...!! dad , stop !! Don run -- trudging through the snow ... to get to the driveway , too late to do anything , but just in time to watch -- don's view -- down the driveway as the Jeep zoom out in reverse ... and instead of stop or turn into the street , the Jeep run across the street and up the lawn of the house across the street , finally stop when it hit the trunk of the big oak tree , but now digging a rut from the wheel reving against the force of the tree . Don run after -- as Vic and richie struggle to keep pace , well behind . new angle -- on the STREET the cab have stop on the street , and the cop car have stop . the cop have get out of the car and be start to walk up to the house , when the Jeep slip and slide quickly up the lawn across the street . in the jeep dad and sid , with dad at the wheel , try to shift into another gear ... dad blur ! see ... more ! fast ! sid here . do it ! I tell you . I do not drive . ...and sid finally help he , shift into first gear . dad step on the gas ... they go . the blind lead the blind . on scene as the Jeep swing out , slide , and finally go down the street , nearly miss a few park car , and the kid who be sledding disperse fast . the two cop jump into the squad car and take off , slip and finally slide 180 degree turnaround to follow the Jeep . on don , arrive at Vic 's car -- he jump in , start it , revs it , burn rubber on the ice , slide around 180 degree , just in time to pick up Vic and richie . don I be drive , okay ? VIC it 's about time . they jump in as the car move off , slip and sledding ... on nurse cooper stepping out of the cab with one hand on the door , watch the event unfold , look this way , then that way ... nurse amazing ... amazing ... ( she jump back in the cab ) follow that car . and that one ! and that one too !! the taxicab take off . CUT to : on scene -- overview from a high tor overlooking juniper STREET and environ , then segueing and intercutting as need below : Three car , two of they follow the Jeep , which be basically frenetic in the direction it choose to go . it go up juniper Street , then turn into and through someone 's driveway , through the backyard , and right through a row of bush , and into the oppose house 's back yard , then , reversing angle , through and out they driveway onto the next street , and Vic 's car go right through and the police car follow and go right through too , but not the taxicab , which despite nurse Cooper 's direction go around the block , but come out just in time to be actually ahead of the Jeep as the Jeep emerge , and the Jeep slam into the back of the taxicab and start push it down the street , with the cab driver yell to stop , and nurse Cooper have the time of she life , wave to the driver of the Jeep . sid look , it 's nurse Cooper . dad smile , and they wave to nurse Cooper . on scene as a fifth vehicle , the wddd - tv " eye witness newsvan " join the parade . the side door be open , and a videocam man hang precariously out the door , shoot the scene -- while another man hold tight on to he shoulder harness . in VIC be car - just behind the jeep Don be drive Vic 's new cadillac like a race driver , a white knuckler . don ok , hold on ! richie he 's turn into the park . there view -- as the Jeep turn into a rocky , hilly park . the Jeep go over one hill , and another -- and finally hit a ditch , start to rev its wheel and can not move out . on scene as Don 's car run over the same embankment and fall into the same ditch , spin its wheel but it 's no -go . and after that , the police car run into the same ditch , spin its wheel and it 's no -go . the taxicab follow . same deal . the newsvan follow and dip into the same ditch . same result . the cameraman jump out of the van with a mini-cam on he shoulder to stay on scene , and a newscaster , stacey , jump into the snow with a microphone . CUT to : int . the old oak - the tv area - day most of the resident , elderly and nurse be glue to the tv News event . newscaster stacey ... Jim , the two retiree , may now be trap ... in a ditch ... and , let 's just hope they can be rescue without incident . old oak resident boo ! boo ! the Old oak resident , even the nurse , be on the edge of they seat . on tv set : tv news view while the Jeep spin its wheel , the police , nurse Cooper , and the newscaster with the mic be see trudging through the snow ... from the ditch where they vehicle get stick . back on scene int . the jeep dad be accelerate wildly . sid look at the gear box . see : close : gearbox lever , one level read : " 4wd " sid push the lever and -- on scene the Jeep 's wheel grab the ground and it grumble out of the ditch . int . the old oak - day the resident cheer wildly . on scene Don and richie and Vic watch the Jeep go over a ridge and they groan -- Don hit the wheel with the palm of he hand . don damn ! he revs it hard , again and again , but it 's no go . on scene the cop and the newsmen and nurse Cooper ... each forty foot from the other , and groan and turn nearly in unison , and trudging through the snow in that direction . int . the jeep Rough and tumble , slip and slide ... dad and sid. sid ... turn it that way . that way ! dad I do my own ...! ... find the man ! sid the man you wanna find and the man I wanna find be two different guy . you be gonna get we kill . dad look at he with a who -care grin ... and turn it the other way . they start to struggle for control of the wheel . on don in vic' car reving it , again and again . turn the wheel , and then ... suddenly the wheel catch a tree 's root ... and -- on the car as it shoot out of the ditch , and they spin out and away . on the jeep slip and slide and roll over a ridge , nearly tipping over , then righting itself , and go strong -- on sid -- he eye pop at he view ahead . he hold on for dear life . he view through the windshield -- they be head for a cliff . ext . the jeep in the snow - day head for disaster ... as the Jeep sail right up and over the cliff -- on the clear blue sky as -- in tantalizing slow motion the Jeep sail effortlessly through the blue . on face -- don and richie as Don drive towards the cliff ... craning neck to follow , then quickly chin drop and eye turn down as -- on jeep in the blue sky in falter slomo , then it plummet to earth and plow head first into a snow bank in the gulley below . on vic' cadillac fly through the snow towards the cliff , and just in time . don turn the wheel hard , and -- the cadillac turn , slide around and around , and then stop ... right at the edge of the cliff ... miraculously . Don jump out and run to the edge of the cliff . richie and Vic follow . there view from above the Jeep be bury head first in the snowbank , it 's door flung open , and on one side dad 's lifeless body be strewn on the snow next to the Jeep . on don terror on he face . don dad !! Don leap off the cliff without a second of hesitation . richie dad !! richie run to the cliff side . look down , as do everyone -- they have all finally catch up . there view of the scene in the gulch below -- intercutting with view above gulch Don have fall in the snow face first , motionless for a split second , gasp heard from above , then he move , look to dad 's body ... and roll over to it . he look into dad 's dead face ... start to weep ... don dad ? -- dad ! suddenly , dad open he eye , look at Don ... grin -- dad you ! he throw snow in Don 's face . don dad -- my God . you scared the crap out of I . and Don throw some snow back in dad 's face . they both grin . don richie ... he 's okay . on richie at the top of the cliff look down , tear in he eye . and before Vic can stop he , richie leap ... over the edge of the cliff . on scene below as richie fall on the other side of he father , and he throw snow in dad 's face too . the three of they in a snow fight . dad ticket ... you get the ticket ? don ( with tear of joy ) yes , dad ... yeah , I get the ticket . and I find the man , too . I do , dad . I find the goddamn man . Don , try to throw snow , but he can not . he 's laugh ( or be that cry ) so hard he can not move . richie put he arm around he , and dad , laugh hysterically , jump on they both ... quick int . old oak - day the resident watch tv ... cheer ! back on the other at the top of the cliff nurse Cooper wiping a tear from she eye . Vic nod and nod and nod as he joyous grin widen . on sid in the shotgun seat of the jeep motionless . then , he fall over ... dead . our view begins to pull back -- pulling back and back and back ext . duluth , mn park - day helicopter shot as the drama 's participant start to disperse ... the view pull back and back and back ... don's voice dad , I think , have finally find the man . and I know that I have find the man too ... I still do not know exactly what it mean , but I understand that dad know what it mean , and it be better not to try to describe it ... you know ... describe it ... he just know . and now , I just know . and I think , maybe , richie just know too ... and , goddamn , what a wonderful thing it be to find the man . you know , the one inside yourself . as our view pull back , the entire city of duluth be reveal below ... and the heavy drine of a jetliner become overwhelming , mixing with the sound of don's voice , and -- dissolve to : int . 747 airplane - day Don be look through the window at the scene below ... the City of duluth recede into the distance , and pulling back ... don's voice I finally get a window seat ... ...his place at the window now revealed , and pulling back more , dad be sit next to he , fast asleep , and the aisle just across from dad , richie be play a video game with Don 's laptop computer , look over to check on grampa every once in a while . don be v.o . it be not go to be easy . they say that the thing that be worthwhile in life be never easy ... you have to work at it ... at least you do in this day and age . dad open one eye , then the other , look over at the doze Don , then the other way , see richie , wink , then look at Don again and grin . reaches out for Don 's hand . Don blink awake as dad slam he palm against Don 's palm , then take he hand away , like a magician ... and leave a object in Don 's palm . it 's the fashion condom . Don look in he palm , and grin . dad grin knowingly . richie look at it , turn he head . dad busy . busy . he start to get up . struggle with he seat belt . don no dad ! you can not get up . please . richie lean in . richie dad ... grampa need to go to the bathroom . don oh. richie do not worry , I will watch he . richie help dad out of he seat belt , and they head up the aisle . don be v.o . if I learn anything about my dad as a Old timer 's patient it be that more often than not , there be a method to he madness ... so I have a hunch he know how important he be , how important it be for he to serve as the miss link ... dissolve to : the lavatory door , read " occupy " , and a line of people wait outside . richie look at he watch , and smile sheepishly at the next person in line . richie knock on the door . a stewardess now come forward and knock on the door with a crowbar . and just as she 's about to force the door open , the " occupy " sign turn to " vacant " and dad emerge with shave cream all over he face and head and hand , and no razor to be see . he do not need a shave anyway . don be v.o. ... not just the miss link between my old home and my new home , but between the generation ... the link to my own son . richie lead dad back to he seat , help he sit down , and then strap he seat belt for he . Don and richie exchange a little know grin . don be v.o. I think maybe richie feel that too . he understand how important my dad be to he , too . on don Don shut he eye and take a deep breath . sunlight stream in through the window over he face . CUT to : int . the airline build - portland airport - day dad and richie and Don riding a walk sidewalk . dad feel funny about it , so he sort of dance to keep he foot off the ground as much as he can . richie be hold a airline carton mark " fragile , live animal " , with little hole and the sound of parakeet chirp inside . CUT to : ext . the airline terminal - outside the baggage area - day dad and richie and Don emerge with they baggage . formerly Santa Claus , now the same guy have a sign , " homeless ... will work for food " guy be outside the door , and this time , Don give he some money , return the homeless man 's nod . dad start to cross the street , and they catch he just as he 's about to be hit by a tram from the Portland Sheraton Hotel . and as the tram pass , a old pickup truck be reveal pull up to the curb . don be v.o . it be New Year 's Eve day , and ... surprise ... I have make a New Year 's date ... with , guess who , Jan Patrick . Jan lean over bren to open the shotgun door and wave . Don do not see she , not until Max , the dog , bark from the back of the truck ... and Don wave back , move with dad and richie to the truck . the truck also have some young pot evergreen tree in the truck bed . Max be bark and shaking and jump with joy at see dad , and dad feel the same way , and just climb in the truckbed with he , and richie follow . don be v.o . we leave bren and richie to baby -sit dad and the bird and Max , who be so happy when he see dad that he just go nut . dog know . dog experience what every human want to experience , unconditional love . the truck pull out into traffic , as -- dissolve to : ext . a SMALL farmhouse with a sign in front " jan patrick nursery - we have anything you need . " as the truck pull up in front , and Jan let everyone off ... except for Don . then it drive off again . on don and jan . on a mountain crest she smile and he smile back . don's voice can you believe it , we never say one word to each other that whole magical New Year 's Eve night . Jan and I be experience something ... unconditional . Don and Jan in the truckbed have dinner , wrap in a big Hudson Bay blanket . mount Hood be in the distance as the sun set behind it . they toast each other , clinking champagne glass . Don 's Voice never have sound so mellow , easy , right . don be v.o . we drank champagne , wait patiently ' till midnite , drank more champagne . time passing -- Don and Jan sit up , wrap together cozily in the blanket , until the SOUND of some new year reveler ' yell happy New Year from a pass car . time passing again -- Jan and Don come together and exchange they first kiss , and they like it so much that they do it again ... and again . don be v.o . so , we kiss and kiss and kiss and then we screw we brain out . nobody make love on the first date anymore , but it just seem right ... not only do we practice safe sex ... but we use the fashion condom nurse Cooper have give dad , and he have give I . that seem just right . then we sleep in the back of the truck ' till dawn . our view have delicately move away to the starlit night and then , as the Sun rise over mount Hood , our view return to the sleeper , mold together , under the blanket in the open truckbed . a very , very , long dissolve to : a beautiful sunny day ... mountain in the distance ... bird chirp ... don be v.o . I must have be do something right ... all my New Year 's wish come true . Jan and I be marry . I sell my condo , and that pay off the mortgage on Jan 's little farm . we grow thing ... and make a live at it . Don load some little seedling onto the back of the truck . richie 's mother call I that very day , New Year 's , and tell I she would get marry in Hawaii ... int . the farmhouse kitchen - day close on jan Cleaning up the kitchen table , a gallery of family photo on the wall behind she . many of the photo be from the old gallery wall in the kitchen at dad 's house . but , just as many or more be new , and many of they have Don in the snapshot , with Jan , with richie , play with Max , with dad , with bren . and , finally , a big one of sid , in front of the Christmas tree at the big house , smile in heaven . don be v.o. be not it , she say , really unfair to put so much pressure on richie to decide which parent he should live with ... and be not it time that a son richie 's age live with he father and visit he mother once in a while ? Jan move to the kitchen window , she back to we , revealing in the foreground that the kitchen table she be wiping be the dinette set from dad 's house , and , yes , mom' chair be set at the old Mom 's chair angle . Jan watch through the window as -- her view through the window -- richie come along to help ... and approach bren , then pull a squirt gun out from behind he back and squirt she ... she push he , then run ... and he chase she . don be v.o. like what 's she name -- dorothy in the wizard of Oz , I would learn so much from the most surprising place ... from my dad , who could not think straight , from my son , who I think be suppose to learn about life from I , and from Vic hudnut in my hometown , the best friend I do not even know I have ... ' till he save my life ... and from Jan , who come from Heaven to share she love with mine . still on jan looking out the window -- as Don catch she glance and throw she a kiss . Jan grin , sigh ... don be v.o. turned out Jan be not a divorced woman ... she be a widow . her husband catch a cold one day and just up and die of pneumonia . shit happen . life be a bitch , and then you die . I do not like that say . uh-uh . life be precious , live it ! that 's what I say , that 's what my dad do every day . ext . outdoors - day on dad -- outdoors dad be throw bird seed to the wind , and a hundred bird fly in and out of nowhere and start peck at the ground . don be v.o. dad , well , you know my dad , the miss link ... the man with a method to he madness . he would find the man just like I have -- but it take a woman too . so , Jan and I figure dad ought to have a full time , around the clock nurse ... revealing -- nurse Cooper breeze into frame , dress like a real nurse , frill head crown and all , -- join dad , crush she ample bosom into he rib . nurse cooper almost time for we nap , lester . dad 's eye widen , as she hand move down to he butt . don's voice and it just seem we family be destine to grow ... the homeless guy from Portland Airport come out of a shed with a bushel of tomato , ask where he should put they , and Don point to the spot . don's voice ... and grow ... again . Jan walk into frame , she belly heavy with child . she stand with Don and squint as they look to the horizon . don's voice Times have change , it 's harder to find the man , and all this love stuff must sound really corny now , but , you know what , I will put all my money on corn any day of the week . there 's still a good life out there , you can still look life right in the face , and demand that good life and grab it while there 's still time . if you have not find the man yet , I know you can , and I know you will . moving over don and jan' shoulder to the horizon , the beautiful mountain , blue sky , and white cloud . music , our theme be up , and away . the end