wreck-it ralph 1 fade in : '' insert coin '' blink on the menu screen of fix - it felix , JR . we hear a coin be deposit . ext . niceland - day wreck-it ralph be asleep inside he stump . a voice -over kick in , sounding more like a confessional than a traditional v.0o . ralph ( v.o . ) my name 's Ralph , and I be a bad guy . I be 9 foot tall . I weigh 643 pound . get a little bit of a temper on I . you know , my passion bubble very near the surface , not gonna lie . a bulldozer remove Ralph and the stump . Ralph 's head pop out of the stump . ralph ( on - screen ) hey , you move my stump ! arrrgghhhhhh ! Ralph throw a bit of a tantrum . the niceland apartment be construct where the stump be . ralph ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) anyhoo , what else ? I be a wrecker . I wreck -- professionally . Ralph appear on screen in front of the niceland Apartments . ralph ( on - screen ) ( cont ’d ) I ’m gonna wreck it ! Ralph wreck the building . he throw a nicelander . ralph ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be very good at what I do . probably the best I know . nicelanders fix it felix !!! ralph ( v.o. ) thing be , fix be the name of the game . literally , figuratively , meta ... physically ... fix -it felix arrive and start fix . wreck -it ralph 2 felix I can fix it !!! ralph ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so yeah , naturally the guy with the name fix - it Felix be the good guy . he 's nice enough as good guy go . definitely fix stuff really well . but if you have get a magic hammer from you father , how hard can it be ...? mary yoo -hoo ! mary pop up in a window with a pie . Felix eat the pie , and a protective hard - hat appear on he head . ralph I guarantee you if he have a standard issue hammer like the kind you would get at the hardware store - - he would not be able to fix the thing I wreck as quickly . the damage be repair . the screen read '' you fix it ! '' ralph ( v.o. ) when Felix do a good job , he get a medal . a nicelander place a little medal around Felix 's neck and give he a peck on the cheek . ralph ( v.o. ) be there medal for the sweet science of wreck ? to that I say , '' ha . '' the nicelander pick up Ralph and throw he off the roof . ralph ahhhhhhhh ! he land on the ground in the mud . ker-plunk . ralph ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) .--- and no , there be not . we pull back from the game console . we be in ... litwak 's family fun CENTER the place be bustling . wreck -it ralph 3 chiron : '' 30 year ago . '' ralph ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's not like I be complain . well , it 's a little like I be complain . but I get it . I be do this long enough to know a steady arcade gig 's nothing to sneeze at . time lapse -- the arcade expands over the year . Games get wheeled out . New game get wheeled in . owner larry litwak take real good care of the place through the year . ralph ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) see a lotta game come and go . I think about all that guy from asteroid ? boom ! gone. centipede ? who know where that guy be . no , I know I be very lucky . chiron : '' today '' ralph ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's just after so many year , it become kind of hard to love you job when no one seem to like you for do it . the arcade be older now , and all the game be more modern . a giant first - person shooter game get wheeled in . the arcade close . the '' open '' sign shut off . the dance dance Revolution screen be visible in the background . on it we see a cycle of the dancer dance . the dancer suddenly stop , peek toward the darken '' open '' sign . inset the game : the dancer relax . dancer ( call out ) that 's it ! arcade 's close ! she and she back - up dancer limp off , rub they shoulder , limping , stretch after a long day of dance . inset STREET fighter game console : two fighter , ryu and ken stop beat each other . ryu what a day . want to head to tappers , Ken ? wreck -it ralph 4 ken if you be buy , buddy . they put they arm around each other and walk off screen . back on the fix - it felix console : Felix and the nicelander be on the roof . felix quittin 's time ! we push through the game screen ... ext . niceland - day the game be now in hyper-realistic 3 - D . felix good job , everyone ! Felix and the nicelander exit the roof as we pan down the building and get a sense of the world . ralph ( v.o. ) I dunno , maybe I would not be feel this way if thing be different after work . but as it be , Felix and the nicelander go hang out in they home -- which he 's just fix . Ralph pick himself up from the mud . he watch sadly as the nicelander ignore he and carry Felix to the penthouse . ralph ( v.o. ) and I head off to the pile of garbage in the dump ... where I live . you might call it a lonely cesspit of despair on the outskirt of humanity ... which would be accurate . but I call it home . Ralph climb up the brick pile he call home . ralph ( v.o. ) I guess I can not bellyache too much ; I get my brick . I get my stump . he pummel the brick into dust and pull a pile of brick over he like a blanket . he stare longingly at the building . wreck -it ralph 5 ralph ( v.o . ) it look uncomfortable , but it 's actually fine . I be good . close on : Ralph , who sigh a very long sigh . ralph ( v.o . ) but ... if I be really honest with myself , I see Felix up there , get pie all the time , act like Captain Fancy . and sometimes I think ... ralph 's Pov : through the penthouse window , he can see Felix be ushere over by the nicelander to a dinner table full of delicious , warm entré . close on ralph : as he speak out - loud . ralph man , it must be nice be the good guy . applause . pull back to reveal ... int . video game ( like a church basement ) - night Ralph sit in a room full of video game bad guy . a sign on the wall read : '' badanon : one game at a time . " clyde Nice share , Ralph . as fellow bad guy , we have all feel what you be feel , and we have come to term with it . ralph really ? zangief ( thick Russian accent ) right here . I be Zangief . I be bad guy . other bad guy hi Zangief . ralph hi Zangief . zangief I relate to you , Ralph . when I hit bottom , I be crush man 's skull ( more ) wreck -it ralph zangief ( cont 'd ) like sparrow egg between my thigh . ( smack he thigh ) and I be wonder , why do you have to be so bad , Zangief ? why can not more like good guy ? then I have moment of clarity : if Zangief be good guy , who will crush man 's skull like sparrow egg between thigh ? and I say , '' Zangief , you be bad guy . but this do not mean you be bad guy . '' clap of understanding . ralph right . I be sorry , you lose I there . zombie ( thick Zombie accent ) arrhh. Zombie . bad guy . other bad guy hi Zombie . ralph hi Zombie . zombie Zangief say : label not make you happy -- good , bad ... ( frankenstein growl ) you must love you . cy-borg yeah ! Inside here ! cy-borg rip out Zombie 's heart , show it to Ralph . ralph okay . I gotcha . watch out ; it 's drip . clyde question Ralph : we have be ask you to badanon for year now , and tonight you finally show up . why be that ? ralph I do not know , I just feel like come .... I suppose it have something to do with the fact that , ( more ) wreck -it ralph ralph ( cont 'd ) well , today be 30th anniversary of my game . satan happy anniversary , Ralph . ralph thanks , Satan . satan it 's sai-tine , actually . ralph get it . but here 's the thing ... ( exhales , then ) I do not want to be the bad guy anymore . gasp . bowser spit out he coffee and thus fire . cy -borg you can not mess with the program , Ralph . M. bison ( miming '' crazy '' ) you be not go turbo , be you ? ralph turbo ? no , I be not go turbo . come on guy . be it turbo to want a friend , or a medal , or a piece of pie every once in a while ? be it turbo to want more out of life ? zombie yeeeeesssss . clyde Ralph , Ralph , we get it . but we can not change who we be , and the sooner you accept that the better off you game and you life will be . zangief hey , one game at a time , Ralph . clyde now let 's close out with the bad guy affirmation . they all get up , hold hand . wreck -it ralph 8 all bad guy I be bad . and that 's good . I will never be good . and that 's not bad . there 's no one I have rather be than I . Ralph do not say the affirmation . his eye be wide open - - a non-believer . the title burn in over Ralph : wreck -it ralph clyde okay gang , see you next week . the bad guy break the circle . Satan put a supportive hand on Ralph 's back . satan hang in there , Ralph . clyde hey Zombie , do not forget you hatchet . we pull out to see that the meeting be hold in the center room of pac -man . Ralph filch two cherries and catch up with the other . tunnel to game central station the bad guy climb onto a train car and shove off down the track . Ralph sit on the back with the cherries . int . litwak 's family funland - night we follow the trail of the train through the power cord of the pac-man game to the power strip . tunnel to game central station the character hop off the cart and make they way into ... game central station ... a huge open concourse full of video game character bustling about . wreck -it ralph grand central announcer ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , please do not leave personal item unattend . unattend item will be confiscate . report any suspicious activity to the surge protector . last call for tapper wagon , depart in outlet two . tapper wagon , last call . soul train to dance dance Revolution now board in outlet twelve . all aboard the soul train , outlet twelve . Ralph pass through the entrance , and a rent - a- cop , surge protector , appear out of nowhere . a buzzer sound . ralph ugh . surge protector step aside , sir , random security check . ralph random my behind . you always stop I . surge protector I be just a surge protector do my job , sir . name ... ralph lara Croft . surge protector name ... ralph wreck - it Ralph . surge protector and where you come from ? ralph pac-man . surge protector ya bring any fruit with you ? Ralph hide the cherries behind he back . ralph uh ... no , no . no fruit . wreck -it ralph 10 surge protector okay then . where you head ? ralph fix - it Felix , Jr. surge protector anything to declare ? ralph I hate you . surge protector I get that a lot . proceed . as Ralph walk through the console . people move out of he way and whisper thing like , '' bad guy . '' '' watch out . '' angel kid ( whisper ) bad guy come ! he pass a screen display a psa video narrate by sonic . sonic if you leave you game , stay safe . stay alert . and whatever you do ... do not die . because if you die outside you own game ... you do not regenerate . ever. game over . Ralph come upon a group of homeless character , q* bert amongst they , who hold a sign : '' out of order . please help ! '' Ralph hand q* bert a cherry . ralph here you go buddy . it 's fresh . straight from pac - man 's . hang in there guy . he approach the entrance to the fix - it Felix portal . the buzzer sound and surge protector appear . surge protector name ? ralph argh ! CUT to : wreck -it ralph 11 a raging party in a gorgeous penthouse . disco light spin . nicelander dance and drink . skrillex dj . Felix pass out hor d'oeuvre . ext . niceland / fix - it felix Ralph arrive on the trolley . crack ! sizzle ! Ralph look up just as '' we love you felix '' firework burst over the niceland apartment . huh ? he dig two bottle out of the trash . he use they as binocular , and aim they at the penthouse ... through binoculars : it 's a rockin’ party . ralph happy thirtieth anniversary ? they be have a party without I ? there be ice sculpture and dance and a giant buffet table . eat he way across the table be pac -man . ralph ( cont 'd ) pac-man ! they invite pac-man ? that cherry - chase , dot -muncher be not even part of this game ! he slam the bottle down . they shatter . CUT to : int . niceland penthouse Felix strut through the room , happy and proud . roy great party , Felix . felix why thank you , friend . deanna Felix , you be need on the dance floor . deanna drag he onto a colorful dance floor . Felix do he fix - it Hammer dance . everyone follow along . the door bell ring . wreck -it ralph 12 felix I will bet that 's mario , fashionably late , per the norm . gene I will get it , Felix . gene dance to the door and open it . a smile Ralph fill the door frame . gene gasp and slam the door . gene ( cont 'd ) it 's Ralph ! murmur of shock and confusion . norwood he ’1ll wreck the party . deanna hide the stemware . roy get rid of he , Felix . felix oh , right . i’1l go talk to he . carry on everyone . Felix pull out he hammer and head out . int . penthouse hallway Ralph still stand at the door . Felix slip out . felix Ralph ? can I help you ? ralph hey Felix , I just want to check on you . I see a big explosion or something go over the building there -- felix oh , that be just firework . ralph firework . okay . be it somebody 's birthday or ...? wreck -it ralph 13 felix well , it 's more of a anniversary . the thirtieth anniversary of we game , actually . ralph what ? be that today ? felix I know ! ralph I be such a dummy with date . anyway , congratulation . felix thank you , Ralph . and to you , too . awkward silence . finally , the door open . a frogger turtle stick he head out . turtle just a head up , Felix , they be bring out the cake in a few shake . ralph hi , glen. turtle ( terse ) Ralph . turtle shut the door , fast . ralph cake . Heard about this cake stuff . never have it . no one ever seem to throw it out , so it never end up in the dump . never actually taste it . felix ... yeah . ralph always want to try cake . felix ( shaking he head , no ) I do not suppose you would like to come in and have a slice , would you ? wreck -it ralph 14 int . penthouse Ralph throw the door open and push Felix inside . ralph hey-oh , everybody ! Ralph 's head slam into the ceiling . a large chunks fall down on Felix yelp ! Felix drop dead . everyone gasp in horror . a little flower float above Felix , and we hear a quick cycle of death music . Felix suddenly regenerate next to Ralph . felix I be okay . I be okay . fit as a fiddle .... now , you all know Ralph . ralph even ...oops . ( break the step ) even nel. Lucy . don. dana . deanna deanna . ralph Big gene . gene ( to Felix , annoyed ) why be he here ? felix he 's just here for a slice of cake . ralph and I be a big part of the game , technically speak ... why be you here , gene ? Ralph bend down and he and gene face off . Felix step between they , break it up . felix oh look , the cake . Mary wheel out a elaborate cake of the niceland apartment building , complete with '' we Love Felix '' candy firework . wreck -it ralph 15 felix ( cont 'd ) well , I 'il be dip ; you have really outdone yourself , Mary . the nicelander gather around the cake and hail praise . roy oh and look ; there 's all of we at the top . Ralph approach and look over the cake . inset cake : a little Felix stand on the roof , reach for a medal , surround lovingly by nicelander . but there 's no sign of Ralph . mary each apartment be everyone 's favorite flavor . norwood 's be red velvet . norwood ( 0.s. ) guilty ! mary ( cont 'd ) lemon for Lucy . rum cake for gene , and for Felix -- Ralph look for he figurine , and find himself in the mud , look like some sort of derange troll . his face sink . ralph hey Mary , what 's the flavor of that mud that I be stick in there ? mary hmm ? oh , chocolate . ralph never be real fond of chocolate . mary well , I do not know that . ralph one other little thing — I hate to be picky but — this angry little guy might be a lot happier if you put he up here with everyone else . Ralph pick up the little Ralph figurine . he put he on the roof , smoosh the cake a little . wreck -it ralph 16 mary my cake . Ralph push a ugly smile onto he figurine 's face . ralph see that ? look at that smile . gene no , no , no . you see , Ralph , there 's no room for you up here . gene knock Little Ralph back into the mud . ralph well , what about this ? we can make room . we can take turn . easy . Ralph put Little Ralph back on top of the cake and slam Little Felix into the mud instead . the nicelander gasp . felix how about we just eat the cake ! gene hang on . Felix need to be on the roof , because he 's about to get he medal . ralph well , then how about we just take that medal and give it to Ralph for once . would that be the end of the world , gene ? Ralph rip the medal off , break the delicate firework , and put it on little Ralph . gene now you be just be ridiculous ; only good guy win medal , and you sir be no good guy . ralph I could be a good guy if I want to , and I could win a medal . gene uh-huh . and when you do , come and talk to we . gene take Ralph off the cake . wreck -it ralph 17 ralph and then would you finally let I be on the top of the cake with you guy ? gene if you win a medal , we have let you live up here in the penthouse .... ( off Ralph 's look ) but it will never happen ... gene rip the medal off little Ralph , put it on little Felix , and put Felix back on the top . gene ( cont ’d ) ..- because you be just the bad guy who wreck the building . ralph no , I be not . gene slam Little Ralph back in the mud upside down . gene yes , you be . ralph no , I be not ! Ralph slam he fist down right on the cake . smash ! chunks of cake and frosting cover the nicelander . pac - man stop eat . his mouth fall open in shock . gene yes , you be . ralph all right , gene , you know what ? I be gonna win a medal . oh I be gonna win a medal ! the shiniest medal this place have ever see . a medal so good that it will make Felix 's medal wet they pants ! and good night . thank you for the party . Ralph exit , smash a hole in the other side of the door . roy be he serious ? wreck -it ralph 18 gene oh please , where be a bad guy gonna win a medal ? of course he 's not serious . slam CUT to : ralph 's hand catch a Beer . we be in a bar . ralph I have never be more serious about anything in my life . that 's why I come straight here , tapper . tapper the bartender collect the empty in front or Ralph . ralph ( cont 'd ) you have never give I a bum steer . now , where can a guy like I go and win a medal ? tapper I do not think such a game exist , Ralph . ralph come on , you know people . there 's get to be -- man ( 0.s. ) tapper ! need a root beer ! tapper ( to Ralph ) hold that think . tapper run off . outside the game console : we watch the 8 - bit view of the root beer tapper game as tapper zip down a row of bar , slide beer to other customer . back inside the game : tapper return to Ralph 's side . tapper ( cont 'd ) you be say . ralph I be say , I can not spend another thirty year live alone in the ( more ) wreck -it ralph 19 ralph ( cont 'd ) garbage . I be not go back without a medal . tapper well , I do not know what to tell you . maybe somebody leave a medal here . you be welcome to dig through the lose and find . slam CUT to : int . broom closet Ralph dig through the '' lose and find '' crate . behind he we see a hallway with the saloon door on one side and restroom on the other . ralph okay let 's see what we have get here . Ralph rummages through the box . a little cockroach scurries out of the box . Ralph shoos it . ralph ( cont 'd ) shoo. shoo. go. ( back rummage ) mushroom . no .... what be this ? no. ( pick up a pair of red brief ) oh come on Zangief . Gross . Ralph sigh , push the crate back into the closet , sigh . ralph ( cont 'd ) what be I do ? just then , a heavily - armored space marine enter through the saloon door and bump into Ralph . ralph ( cont 'd ) hey , excuse you . the marine stagger on and right into the wall again and again , in a walk cycle . meet pvt . markowski . markowski ( mumble , shell - shocked ) we be humanity 's last hope . we mission , destroy all cy-bug . we be humanity 's last hope -- Ralph stand and look at he , curious . wreck -it ralph 20 ralph you okay there , cadet ? markowski whip around quickly and grab Ralph by the collar . markowski we have only be plugge in a week . and every day it 's climb the building . fight bug . climb the building . fight more bug . Ralph pries markowski 's hand off of he collar . ralph yeah yeah yeah , right . hey , easy on the overall spaceman . it 's tough all over . Ralph head for the door . markowski and all for what ? a lousy medal . ralph Medal ? you win a medal ? markowski yeah . Medal of heroes . ralph ooooh . be it shiny ? markowski pretty shiny . ralph ooooh . and it say hero on it ? markowski uh-huh . ralph and you say you win it by climb a building ? markowski ..- and fight bug . ralph right . bug . listen : be there any chance I could go with you to you game and get one of that medal -- wreck -it ralph 21 markowski negatory . ralph do that mean maybe ? markowski no. look , only the bravest and the best serve in we corps -- the little cockroach climb up the wall beside he . markowski see it and squeal like a little baby . markowski ( cont 'd ) bug ! aaaaeeeek ! he go to run away . but slam into the wall and pass out . Ralph look down at he and get a idea . int . broom closet — moment later we see markowski pass out in he skivvy . a armored foot kick markowski 's leg in , slam the door , and break off the door handle . it 's Ralph in markowski 's armor , he gut hang out . he suck in he breath , pull up he pants . breathes a sigh of relief . his gut pop back out . int . game central station announcer ( v.o. ) the arcade will open in fifteen minute . please report to you game . a clumsy armored ralph step out of the tapper 's entrance . ralph ( to himself ) okay , what be it call ? hero - hero something . hero 's ... duty ! hero 's duty . he see soldier in the same uniform go into a game call hero' duty . he follow . he trip over q* bert . q* bert $ °&#s*e ! wreck -it ralph 22 ralph ( flipping up the visor ) sorry q* bert . it 's I , Ralph . shhhh . q* bert be shocked to see Ralph . Ralph flip the visor back down . he head for the hero 's duty entrance . q * bert watch after he . q* bert CUT to : litwak 's family fun CENTER — morning the sun be up over litwak 's . litwak light up the OPEN sign . litwak Morning kid , come on in . good to see you , good to see you ... you too , little fellow . CUT to : int . hero 's duty , tram station a high -speed shuttle sweep up to a stop . the door open . a smile Ralph and a few other soldier run out . music start . Ralph look around in awe . game announcer ( v.o. ) Quarter alert . Quarter alert . ralph ooh , sweet golden medal . Ralph follow the other soldier . quarter go into a machine . a moppet girl pick up the gun in front of the hero 's duty console . game announcer ( v.o . ) on a planet with no name . a top secret experiment have go horribly wrong . wreck -it ralph 23 int . hero 's duty , dark hull — day it 's chock full of soldier . Ralph join they . soldier come on now , hustle up . clock be tick . let 's go . ralph rootin’ , tootinu , ready for shootin 's ! just then , sergeant tamora jean calhoun step up before she man . calhoun alright , now listen up ' cause I be only gonna say this once . fear be a four letter word , lady . if you wanna go pee-pee in you big boy slack , keep it to yourself ! it 's make - your-mamas - — proud time ! ralph I love my momma ! soldier 2 head up ! first - person shooter come through . Soldiers make way for a rinky - dink robot with a flat - screen head that display the count - down to game play . stiff mechanical arm hold a gun . the wheel be wobbly to simulate walk . meet the first - person shooter ( '' fps '' ) . game announcer ( v.o. ) game play in 3...2 .... calhoun we be humanity 's last hope . we mission : destroy all cy-bug . Ralph shove he way to the front , right behind the fps . calhoun ( cont 'd ) you ready rookie ? let 's find out . the door open and the view be vicious ! the wind be wild . the terrain be sharp and twisted . giant cy - bug fly towards they . they be part machine , part nature , with razor - sharp pincer , thrashing metal tooth and laser wing . a 99 - story caustic building rise up out of the twisted ground behind they . wreck -it ralph 24 ralph ( terrify ) sweet mother Hubbard . Ralph be push out of the hub with the other soldier . ralph ( cont 'd ) no ! oh no no no , wait a second ! ahhh ! calhoun cy-bug , twelve o'clock . take it , newbie . as soldier start kill bug , Ralph run around in a panic . ralph oh no , wait , wait , wait ! he raise he gun and shoot randomly . calhoun watch it , rookie ! this monster be what they eat . a cy-bug grab Ralph 's gun out of he hand and eat it . ralph my gun ! hey give that back . the cy-bug 's arm morph into a gun . it start shoot . Ralph scream and run away . calhoun ( to the fps ) shoot the egg before they hatch ! a cy-bug lay a bunch of egg in front of Ralph . ralph eww . there 's something come out of they bottom . out in the arcade : the moppet girl look confuse . calhoun step into frame , grab Ralph , and throw he off-screen . calhoun markowski ! get back in formation . back inside hero 's duty : calhoun get back on script . calhoun ( cont 'd ) all right people , the kitten whisper and tickle fight stop ( more ) wreck -it ralph 25 calhoun ( cont 'd ) now , the entrance to the lab be straight ahead . Ralph peek up from behind a rock , look at the building . ralph I ' 1l meet you guy inside . sanctuary ! sanctuary ! he run for the building . calhoun no ! as soon as he cross the bridge , he set off a sensor . the lab door fly open and a bigger swarm of cy-bug pour out . Ralph run up to the fps , bang he head on the screen . he plead to the screen . ralph abhhhhh ! ah ! I think this be go to be like centipede ! when do video game become so violent and scary ? outside the game : the gamer see he face press up against the screen as he blubber . ralph ( cont 'd ) save I ! get I outta here ! back inside the game : Ralph use the fps droid as a shield . ralph ( cont 'd ) take she ! outside the game : the gamer watch the camera angle whip up to the jaw of a giant cy-bug , then flip down as if the fps have fall dead . game voice ( v.o. ) game over . the '' game over '' flash on the screen . the girl slam the gun into its holder and march away . moppet girl what a rip-off . back inside hero 's duty : Ralph grapples with the cy-bug who try to eat he . wreck -it ralph 26 ralph get off I ! it 's game over . stop it ! kohut beacon up ! soldier 1 cease fire . cease fire ! a beacon light suddenly shine through the center of the building and out the top . the cy-bug suddenly stop attack Ralph . it turn to the light , charme by it . it fly into the light and be zap into oblivion , along with all the other bug . game voice ( v.0 . ) return to start position . return to start position . the fps robot rise back towards vertical . Ralph dust he off . ralph here , let I help you . sorry about that , I just -- annoy , its mechanical arm swat Ralph away . it roll off . ralph ( cont 'd ) well , yeah , you must be upset . calhoun bound towards Ralph . calhoun markowski ! ralph who ? oh , yeah , I , I be markowski . Ralph stand at attention , chin raise , to avoid detection . calhoun clock he helmet with the butt of she gun . ralph ( cont ’d ) ow ! calhoun what 's the first rule of hero 's duty ? ralph . -- no cut , no butt , no coconut ? wreck -it ralph 27 she clock he again . calhoun never interfere with the first person shooter . we job be to get the gamer to the top of that building so they can get a medal , and that 's it . so stick to the program , soldier ! ralph right , right , aye aye ! game announcer ( v.o. ) Quarter alert . Quarter alert . calhoun ( walk away ) all right , pussy willow , back to start position ! ralph yeah , right . no way I be go through that again .... so that 's where they keep the medal , huh ? he look up at the formidable building . CUT to : litwak 's arcade the moppet that have be play hero 's duty now walk up to a cheerful racing game call sugar rush . the marquee advertise : '' New racer Daily '' and '' build you own kart . '' two big kide be play it . moppet New racer daily , sweet ... I get next game . the moppet go to put a quarter on the console . the Big kid slide she quarter off with a whole roll of quarter . big kid one go away , kid . we be gonna play all nine of today 's racer . big kid two yeah ! moppet sorry . wreck -it ralph 28 the moppet sigh , go over to fix - it Felix , Jr. instead . inside niceland : the intro music play . nicelander take they position . but Ralph do not . a quote bubble pop up where he should be , read : I ’m gonna wreck it ! back on the moppet : she look confuse . moppet girl where 's the wreck guy ? inside niceland : the nicelander start to panic . mary where 's Ralph ? he should be wreck the building . gene shhh . stick with the program . nicelanders fix it , Felix ! felix ( jump on screen ) I can fix it ! he gasp in shock to see there 's no Ralph and nothing to fix , but quickly recover and smile for the gamer . felix ( cont 'd ) ( through gritt tooth ) Ralph . Quarter alert . game on . the moppet girl make Felix bounce up the building . mary do something , Felix . felix just act natural . I will fix it . back on the moppet : she freak as the joystick move on its own as Felix climb down the building and run off screen . inside niceland : Felix climb Ralph 's garbage pile . Ralph 's not there . Felix 's reassure face turn to panic . felix ( cont 'd ) oh my land . where be he ? back on the moppet : she 's feed up . wreck -it ralph 29 moppet girl Mr. litwak ! mr . litwak what 's the trouble , sweetheart ? moppet girl the game 's bust . Mr. litwak take a look . he can see the nicelander and Felix panic on screen and hear nonsensical computer chatter . mr . litwak whoa boy , look like the game 's go cuckoo ... like my nana . ( to the moppet ) sorry , sweetie . here 's you quarter back . he give she back a quarter . moppet but what about the game ? mr . litwak I ’'1ll have someone look at it tomorrow . but if he can not fix it , it might be time to put ol 's Ralph and Felix out to pasture ... like my nana . litwak hang a out of order sign on the screen . inside niceland : the nicelander run out of the building and watch in horror as the sign eclipse the arcade light . gene lady and gentleman , we be out of order ! mary sweet mercy ! without Ralph , we be doom . roy they be gonna pull we plug ! felix ( force positivity ) okay everybody calm down . Ralph probably fall asleep in the washroom of tapper 's again . just then , a light approach through the cord . wreck -it ralph felix ( cont 'd ) ( relieved ) see ? there he be now . 30 the push -cart arrive , cranke by q * bert , not Ralph . felix ( cont 'd ) why it 's q * bert . what bring you here , neighbor ? q* bert # $ ° &# s# ( @11*@! gene what 's he say , Felix ? felix stand by , my q* bertese be a little rusty . ( in bad q * bertese ) # $ *@ ) *# ( 2@# q* bert $ °&@#$*@) #!i@le ! felix ( in bad q * bertese ) l1 * $ & ) @# ? q* bert &hsase * ) @ li *$ E felix Ralph 's go turbo ? ralph's strained , growling face . CUT to : pull back to reveal , he 's still in hero 's duty . he 's forgone the armor and he 's climb the building . Ralph reach the top . he peer in the window , a sea of egg lead to a chamber in the middle Inside the chamber float the Medal of heroes . ralph oooh , shiny . down below : Soldiers return to start position . see : of the room . wreck -it ralph 31 game voice ( 0.s. ) attention , the arcade be now close . soldier 1 do you get a load of markowski ? calhoun stop , squint , sniff . she raise she hand , quieting she troops . calhoun shut you chew hole . ( to herself ) cy-bug . we hear a bling . bling . Felix step out of the shadow . calhoun reel around start fire -- calhoun ( cont 'd ) taste it ! Soldiers open fire on Felix , too . he spring into action , bounce , dodging bullet and laser beam . bling . bling . calhoun finally tackle he , straddle he and pin he down . calhoun ( cont 'd ) slick tiddly - winking , pint-size . she drive she gun 's muzzle into he face . felix I be fix - it Felix Jr. , mar ’am , from the game fix - it Felix , Jr . from the low angle , look up at she . felix ( cont ’d ) jiminy-jaminy .... look at that high definition . you face ; it 's amazing ! calhoun flattery do not charge this battery , civilian . she let he up . calhoun ( cont 'd ) now state you business . felix oh . I be look for my colleague , wreck - it Ralph . wreck -it ralph 32 calhoun never hear of he .... felix well q* bert see he come in here . calhoun impossible . nothing get past I . a crash be hear from above . kohut that come from the tower ! they look and see Ralph 's shadow on the top floor make giant by the beacon light . on the top floor of the lab : Ralph punch the window , break it , and step in . he do he most careful tip - toe across a sea of egg . ralph Nice little egg ... excuse I ... he climb the step up to the chamber , trigger a giant hologram head to appear . general hologram congratulation soldier . it be my honor to bestow upon you the Medal of heroes . ralph ( in awe ) wow . the medal float down to he . as it do , we see ... ralph's penthouse party — vision - Ralph be on the dance floor surround by nicelander do the wreck - it Ralph dance . - Mary wheel out a cake with a handsome Ralph on top , wear he Medal of heroes and be hugge by the nicelander figurine . - gene be outside in the brick pile look longingly up at the party through binocular . he cry . back to reality : the medal land around Ralph 's neck . ralph ( cont 'd ) no way . ho-ho-ho . wow ! wreck -it ralph 33 general hologram ten hut ! History will long revere you courage and sacrifice . more hologram of space colonel and Generals surround he . heroic music play . Ralph back down the step , smile and wave to the hologram . general hologram ( cont ’d ) you have etched in the rock of virtue , a legacy beyond compare . ralph thank you . thanks guy . at ease ! general hologram you be the universe 's great hero . crack ! Ralph step on a egg . smash ! the egg shatter . ralph oops . aye-yai-yai. Ralph lean in for a closer look . the baby bug open its eye cutely and then attack . it attaches itself to Ralph 's face . ralph ( cont 'd ) .-- the live embodiment of all that this corps represent : bravery , integrity , grace under pressure , and above all , dignity . ralph ( cont ’d ) ahhhhhmmmf fff ! Ralph stumble around , fly back and into one of the space pod . a harness immediately lock he in place . the door slam shut . game announcer escape pod activate . the engine fire and then boom ! the space pod burst out of the top of the building . inside the pod : Ralph struggle to pull the cy-bug off he . ralph ( struggle ) get off my face ! back outside : the pod barrel down on calhoun and Felix . wreck -it ralph 34 kohut incoming ! the pod fly over the head of calhoun and Felix . as it pass by , calhoun see the cy-bug on Ralph 's face . calhoun cy-bug . felix Ralph ! the pod fly out of the game into tunnel to game Central . int . game central station - moment later Ralph 's pod blast into the terminal , spiralling like a out -— of - control bottle rocket off the floor and wall . Ralph try to pry the bug off of he face . pop ! it let go . ralph ha ha ! but then the bug start to grow , fast . ralph ( cont 'd ) oh no ! the space pod launch into the tunnel of another game . the blackness of the tunnel turn pink . glob of pink goo collect on the windshield . ship 's robot voice engine failure . engine failure . ralph aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! the space pod crash land in ... a candy world it destroy a slice of countryside before stop at the edge of a cliff . Ralph and the cy-bug slam against the dash . something beep . it 's the eject button ! ralph uh-oh . whoaaaaaaaa !!! Ralph and the cy-bug catapult out of the ship . Ralph land at the top of a tree . the cy-bug continue on and slam into a nearby tree . it fall into a taffy pool and sink as if dead . wreck -it ralph 35 ralph ( cont 'd ) sayonara , sucker ! from he vantage point Ralph can see a candy race track and a bunch of dessert go - kart whizzing by . a giant sign glisten : sugar rush . ralph ( cont 'd ) sugar rush ? oh no , this be that candy go - kart game over by the whack -a-mole . I get to get out of here . he wipe the stickiness off on he shirt and realize that he medal be go . ralph ( cont 'd ) no! no-no-no-no-no-no ! my medal ! he spot the medal dangle from the high branch of a peppermint tree . Ralph quickly climb down the tree as it shake from he weight . CUT to : the medal in the peppermint tree — moment later the tree be surround by a bubbling taffy pool . Ralph teeter across some wobbly gum drop float in the pool . he grab the tree and climb , eye on the medal . vanellope ( 0.s. ) hi mister ! ralph ahhh ! he look up , terrify . but it 's only vanellope von schweetz , a 9 - year- old girl , look down from a branch above he . vanellope hello ! ralph man ! you scared I , kid ! I nearly soile myself ! vanellope what 's you name ? ralph Ralph , wreck - it Ralph . wreck -it ralph 36 vanellope you be not from here , be you ? ralph no , well , yeah , I mean not from right in this area . but I be just do some work here . vanellope what kind of work ? he continue climb . ralph some routine candy - tree trimming . you probably want to stand back . in fact , this whole area be technically close while we be trimmin 's so -- vanellope who 's we ? ralph candy - tree department . he climb higher . vanellope ah . where be everybody else ? ralph oh , it 's just I , today . vanellope so , you just mean like the royal we ? ralph yup . that 's right . vanellope spring up to a branch by he face and hang upside down . vanellope be you a hobo ? ralph no , I be not a hobo . but I be busy , so you go , go home . wreck -it ralph 37 he climb vanellope what 's that ? I do not hear you . you breath be so bad , it make my ear numb . ralph listen , I try to be nice -- vanellope ( mimick he ) I try to be nice . ralph you be mimick I . vanellope ( still mimick ) you be mimick I . ralph okay , that be rude , and this conversation be over . on . vanellope ( still mimick ) that be rude and this conversation be .... hahaha. ( watch he ) I would not grab that branch if I be you . it 's a double stripe . ralph I be from the candy - tree department . I know exactly -- he grab the branch . ding ! SNAP . Ralph Falls . ralph ( cont ’d ) -- whoa ! he barely manage to catch a lower branch with one hand . vanellope double stripe break , ga-doi . hey , why be you hand so freakishly big ? ralph uh , I dunno . why be you so freakishly annoying ? wreck -it ralph 38 vanellope well , why be you so freakishly -- just then , she notice the glisten medal . vanellope ( cont 'd ) sweet mother of monkey milk ! a gold coin ! ralph do not even think about it . that be mine . vanellope Race you for it ! vanellope move like a monkey up the branch . Ralph follow . ralph I do not have to race you for it , because it 's mine . grab a double stripe . ding ! it break ! vanellope double stripe ! vanellope make it to the top and grab the medal . ralph come back here ! give it back , give it , give it ! vanellope the winner ! whoa ! Ralph grab the branch she 's on and fling she off . she drop the medal . he catch it . she dive for it , miss . Ralph land on a double-stripe . ding ! vanellope ( cont ’d ) double stripe ! crack . he fall . the medal go fly again . ralph aahhh ! nooooooo ! he grab the bottom branch and hang inch above the bubbling taffy . vanellope snag the medal . vanellope thank you . wreck -it ralph 39 she hop off the tree to the ground , safely beyond the taffy . ralph look , wait . let I talk to you for one second . here 's the thing , I be not from the candy tree department . vanellope lying to a child . shame on you , Ralph . ralph but I be not lie about the medal . that be my medal . that 's why I be climb the tree . it 's mine . it 's precious to I . vanellope polish the medal , admire it . ralph ( cont 'd ) that thing 's my ticket to a better life . vanellope yeah , well now it 's my ticket . vanellope glitches . ralph what the ...? vanellope see ya , chump . she run off . ralph come back ! I x11 find you ! I will find you ! Ralph hear a ding . he look up . crack ! vanellope ( 0.s. ) double stripe ! Ralph fall into the gooey taffy pool ! he bubbles up , look like a taffy beast . ralph nowhere to hide ! he disappear back beneath the sticky surface . CUT to : wreck -it ralph 40 int . game central station surge protector show Felix and calhoun the damage entrance to sugar rush . surge protector yeah , he bang around in here like some kind of hot shot . then he go barrel down there into that sweet , little game like a crazy person . calhoun study the entrance to sugar rush . calhoun sugar rush ... ( a steely clint eastwood - esque squint ) cy - bug ' 1ll chew up that game faster than a chicken hawk in a coop of crippled rooster . felix ( follow close behind ) uh. what be that now ? she turn on he -- dead serious . calhoun what be you , thick ? there be a cy- bug on that shuttle . ( off he confuse look ) do you even know what a cy - bug be ? felix I can not say that I do , mar ’am . calhoun ( like talk to a child ) cy - bug be like a virus . they do not know they be in a game . all they know be eat , kill , multiply . without a beacon to stop they , they 's 11l consume sugar rush . but do you think they 's 1l stop there ? felix yes . calhoun wrong ! viruse do not stop ! she stand up straight and majestic and look over game Central to all the tunnel lead to so many game . wreck -it ralph 4l calhoun ( cont 'd ) once that cy- bug finish off sugar rush , they will invade every other game until this arcade be nothing but a smoking husk of forget dream . ( resolute ) kohut ! my cruiser . kohut hand she what look like a fold surf board . calhoun head down the step to the tunnel . felix ( to kohut ) sheeper . be she always this intense ? kohut it 's not she fault . she 's program with the most tragic back story ever . the one day she do not do a perimeter check ... she wedding day . calhoun stare down the dark tunnel . smash CUT to : int . church : calhoun and a incredibly handsome soldier , brad , be about to exchange vow at the altar . just then a giant cy - bug crash through the stain - glass window and chomp down on the groom . calhoun pull out she automatic weapon and start shoot through raging wail . smash CUT to : calhoun : she try to shake it off . Felix hurry up to she in the tunnel . felix wait , ma ’am ! I be go with you ! calhoun like fun you be , short stack . you die outside you game you do not regenerate . felix well neither do you , mar ’am . now , it be my job to fix what Ralph wreck . and I can not ask you to risk you life clean up he mess . no flex ( more ) wreck -it ralph 42 felix ( cont 'd ) on this one , mar ‘am . I be come along with you . she give he a hard look , then scoot aside on she hover board , snap , and point behind she on the board . he flip onto it . and off they go ... CUT to : the sugar rush race track the stand be full . racer zip up to the start line in they go-kart . Bright royal music play . sour bill ( flat , sad voice ) citizen of sugar rush ... beneath the stand : vanellope sneak up , push a tarp - cover kart . she peek she head out , the Medal of heroes clench between she tooth . vanellope just in time ! sour bill ( 0.s. ) .-- all hail we rightful ruler , King candy . up in the tallest box , a curtain open and king candy -- with he ed- wynn-like mug and style -- jump out . king candy hello my loyal subject ! ha ha ! have some candy ! King candy throw handfuls of candy into the crowd . king candy ( cont 'd ) thank you for that stir introduction , sour Bill sour bill mmm hmm . king candy and thank you to today 's avatar . it be a wonderful day , it be . but now the arcade be close , so it 's time to wipe the slate clean and race to decide we new roster . huge cheer ! wreck -it ralph 43 on the track : we scan across the racer stand proud in all they candy racing gear as King candy explain the rule . king candy ( cont 'd ) the first nine racer across that finish line will represent sugar rush as tomorrow 's avatar . crowd race ! race ! race ! race ! king candy yes , okay . calm down . listen , this event be pay- to- play . we all know this . the fee to compete be one gold coin from you previous winning ; if you have ever win , which I have . let I go first . King candy pull a lever and a rainbow sweep across the start line . King candy throw he gold coin into the air . it 's catch on a rainbow slide and sweep into a giant pot . King candy 's name appear on a contestant board . announcer ( 0.s. ) King candy ! King candy leap into the air with a flourish and pose . the crowd go wild ! the first racer , a strawberry - pink , go -getter , toss up she coin . we follow it and watch it land in the pot , where it turn into game code and then disappear into a abyss . announcer ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) taffyta muttonfudge ! taffyta do she signature leap and pose in the air and give the fan she catch - phrase . taffyta stay sweet ! more kid throw in they coin as vanellope push she cover kart to the start line . announcer ( 0.s. ) adorabeezle winterpop ! gloyd orangeboar ! vanellope scurries up to the back of the line . announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) crumbelina Di caramello ! wreck -it ralph 44 on ralph : Ralph , cover in taffy , trudge he way towards the race track . ralph stealer . catch that brat . back at the track : racer continue throw they coin into the pot . announcer minty Zaki ! snowanna rainbeaux ! rancis fluggerbutter ! jubileena Bing -bing ! swizzle malarkey ! candlehead ! it 's vanellope 's turn . she kiss the medal and throw it . it 's catch by the rainbow , rim around the pot before drop in . the pot glitches . the medal swirl inside it , turn into game code , and disappear into the abyss . king candy ( cover the mic ) sour Bill , who 's that last one ? the board glitches and then a new racer appear on it : vanellope von schweetz . the crowd gasp in horror . announcer ( 0.s. ) vanellope von schweetz ! vanellope yippee ! I be in the race ! king candy vanellope ?! taffyta rip the tarp off of vanellope 's kart , revealing a sad kart make from recycle junk with the name '' lickity Split '' write on the side . taffyta the glitch ! the crowd start to panic . king candy now , now . everything be all right . ( panic ) Security ! two do nut cop , wynnchel and duncan , come run in . duncan come here , kid . wreck -it ralph 45 wynnchel we be not go to hurt you , you little freak . vanellope make a break for it . wynnchel ( cont 'd ) get back here ! duncan slow down ! just then a taffy - cover Ralph -- twig and candy stick to he -- come barrel onto the track , look like a creature from the taffy lagoon . ralph ( point at she ) you ! give I back my medal right now . vanellope oh boy . king candy what be that ? Ralph chase vanellope . ralph get back here . vanellope slip under a spectator 's box . Ralph lift up the box , revealing she . ralph ( cont 'd ) nowhere to hide ! vanellope whoa ! she scurries back under the next box . Ralph follow she , tipping box after box . spectator scatter . ralph get out of my way ! king candy careful ! what be you do ?! vanellope run out from under then stand . Ralph follow . he slam into a giant cupcake , water tower . it tip . wreck -it ralph 46 ralph np rooktng up ) huh ? the giant cupcake fall onto he . his taffy - cover head pop out the top . he tip over . ralph ( cont 'd ) can not move . wynnchel now we get he . the do nut cop rush up to a helpless Ralph -- who point to where vanellope go and mumble - yell . ralph oh good , the cop . she wen daaaway ! they ignore he and knock he with they baton . duncan hold still . wynnchel take that . ralph hmmmmay ! what be you do ?! king candy ( into he microphone ) okay folk . calm down ! everything 's all right . the monster 's be catch . we will repair all the damage . do not worry , we will have we race before the arcade open . vanellope and I be in it . vanellope hop into she kart and pedal off . taffyta ( to the other racer ) there 's no way that I be racing with a glitch . rancis , candlehead , come on . she and the racer hop in they car and drive off . king candy sour Bill , that glitch can not be allow to race . ( more ) wreck -it ralph 47 king candy ( cont 'd ) ( point down to Ralph ) and bring that thing to my castle . wynnchel switch to use a taser on Ralph . ralph she take my I -- aaaahhhhhh !!! CUT to : ext . king 's candy castle oreo guard march and chant outside a grand candy palace . oreo guard ( chant ) o-re -o. o-ree -o. o-re -o. o-ree-o. int . king 's candy castle the do nut police roll the Ralph cupcake / taffy ball into a frilly throne room . King candy drive he kart right into the room and back it into he throne parking spot . king candy sour Bill , de -taffify this monster so we can see what we be up against here . sour bill mmmm-kay . sour Bill pull off a giant glob of taffy , expose Ralph 's face and head . ralph waaahhhhhh ! king candy milk my dud , it 's wreck - it Ralph ?! ralph ( get he bearing ) yeah . who be you , the guy that make the donut ? king candy please . no , I be King candy . ralph I see you be a fan of pink . wreck -it ralph 48 king candy salmon . salmon . that 's obviously sal -- what be you do here ? ralph look , you be candiness , this be just a big misunderstanding . just get I out of this cupcake , I ’‘1l get my medal , and I 'il be outta you way . king candy you medal ? bad guy do not win medal . ralph well , this one do . I earn it over in hero 's duty . king candy you game - jump ? Ralph , you be not go turbo be you ? ralph what ? no , no no . king candy because if you think you can come in here to my kingdom and take over my game , you have get another thing come . ralph easy you puffiness . it 's not my fault one of you child of the candy corn steal my medal ! king candy Children of the candy corn ? who ? ( realize , gasp ) the glitch ! the coin she use to buy she way into the race , that be you medal ? ralph she do what ...? I need that back ! king candy well , I be afraid I can not help you . it 's go , it 's nothing but code now . and it ’1ll stay that way until someone win the cup at the end of the race . wreck -it ralph 49 ralph well , maybe I x11 just have to have a little talk with the winner then . king candy be that a threat I smell -- beyond the halitosis you so obviously suffer from ? ralph listen nillie wafer , I be not leave without my medal . king candy yes , you be . wynnchel , Duncan , get he out of that cupcake and on the first train back home . and if I ever see you here again , wreck - it Ralph , I ‘’1l lock you in my fungeon . ralph fungeon ? king candy fun dungeon . it 's a play on word .... nevermind . now , I have get a glitch to deal with , thanks to you . Goodbye wreck - it Ralph . it have not be a pleasure . King candy hop into he kart and drive out of the room . wynnchel knock on the cupcake . duncan this thing 's hard as a rock . wynnchel I can see that . get the tool . ralph what tool ? wynnchel hit Ralph with the baton . wynnchel quiet , you . Duncan go over to a chest , pull out a chain -saw , and revs it up . ralph what ? no ! ah ! stay away from I ! wreck -it ralph 50 wynnchel hey , take it easy , big boy . Ralph flail . he roll back onto he foot and start hobbling towards the door . duncan he 's get away ! the oreo guard block he way , shouting '' oreo . '' he turn and eye two giant window . CUT to : outside the double castle window Ralph and the cupcake burst through the wall and fall . back inside the castle wynnchel and Duncan run to the window . they look down and see the smashed cupcake on the ground and Ralph run away . wynnchel Quick , call out the devil dog . CUT to : ext . lollistix forest - a short while later devil dog on leash bound through the tree and down the ravine . they stop by a chocolate stream . they lose the scent and run off down river . a pixie stick , poke out of the stream , move . Ralph break the surface . ralph argh ... I hate chocolate . ( scramble to the shore ) get to get my medal back . he hear the roar of engine . see a bunch of racer speed by on nearby road . ralph ( cont 'd ) the pot go to the win racer . he run after they . wreck -it ralph 51 ralph ( cont 'd ) hey , kid ! can I talk to you for a second ? he just miss they , as they disappear around the bend and approach vanellope , who be work on she handmade kart . it 's up on a jack . the racer sweep in and surround she . she push away any evidence of fear and stand tall to meet they . vanellope hello , fellow racer ! Ralph peek over the hill . on ralph : ralph it 's that little crumbsnatcher . vanellope taffyta , rancis , you be look well . come by to check out the competition , huh ? well , here it be , the lickity Split . unimpress . ralph jeesh . look like she build it herself . back on the kide : taffyta get out of she kart and approach vanellope . vanellope built it myself . fastest pedal - power west of the whack -a-mole . check she out . vanellope hop in she kart and start pedall . the gear catch and spin . taffyta oh , vanellope , it 's so ... you . but you have to back out of the race , yeah . vanellope get out of she kart and approach taffyta . vanellope oh , no I do not , because I pay my fee . I be on the board . so , yeah , I be definitely racing . wreck -it ralph 52 taffyta well , King candy say glitches can not race . vanellope I be not a glitch , taffyta . ( she glitches ) I have just get pixlexia , okay ? ignoring she , taffyta walk over to vanellope 's kart . taffyta the rule be there for a reason , vanellope . to protect we . ( get in vanellope 's kart ) say I be you . I be in my weird little car , and I be drive , and I actually feel kinda cool for once . and then , all of a sudden , oh no ! I be gl -gl - gl - gl -itching ! taffyta shudder and then rip the steering wheel right off . vanellope hey ! taffyta see ? you be a accident just wait to happen . jubileena oh no , I glitch , too . jubileena go over to the kart , flail and crash into it , rip off the brake . vanellope rush over to she kart , but other racer get in she way and block she . on ralph : disturb by what he 's see . ralph uncool . back on the kide : the other racer tear apart the kart . various racers oh no , I glitch . I glitch . look out , I be glitch . vanellope stop . you be break it ! no! please . vanellope grab taffyta and spin she around to face she . wreck -it ralph 53 vanellope ( cont ’d ) I just want to race like you guy . taffyta you will never be a racer , because you be a glitch ... and that 's all you will ever be . taffyta push vanellope , who go fly back , and land splat in the mud . on ralph : that 's the last straw ; he jump up . ralph hey ! leave she alone ! he run down the hill , flail he arm , and throw mud at the kid . they scream in terror . ralph ( cont 'd ) scram , you rotten little cavity , before I throw you in the mud ! the racer drive off . Ralph puff up . he turn to vanellope . she wipe away tear , while sifting through the wreckage of she kart . vanellope what be you look at ? ralph you be welcome , you rotten little thief . vanellope I be not a thief . I just borrow you stupid coin . I be gonna give it back to you as soon as I win the race . ralph it 's not a coin . it be a medal . vanellope coin . Medal . just go back to you own dumb game and win another one . ralph I can not . I do not win it in my game . I win it in hero 's duty . vanellope hero 's doodie ?! ha! wreck -it ralph 54 ralph it 's not that kind of duty . vanellope I bet you really gotta watch where you step in a game call hero 's doodie . what do you win a medal for ? wiping ? I hope you wash you hand after you handle that medal . ralph listen . vanellope wait . one more . one more : why do the hero flush the toilet ? vanellope ( cont ’d ) say why ... ralph why . vanellope because it be he doodie . ralph how dare you insult hero 's duty , you little guttersnipe ! I earn that medal , and you better get it back for I , toot -sweet , sister ! vanellope well , unless you have get a go- kart hide in the fat fold of you neck , I can not help you . Ralph make like he want to crush she , but force himself to smash a nearby candy tree instead . he then punch a giant jawbreaker . it do not so much as crack . he try again . nothing . incense , he pound on it -- temper- tantrum style . vanellope ( cont ’d ) what a moron . ( call to Ralph ) hey genius , it 's a jawbreaker ! you be never gonna break -- ( as he break it ) ..- that ...? that give she a idea . vanellope ( cont 'd ) hmmm . wreck -it ralph 55 Ralph plop down on a rock , out of breath . vanellope come over and lean against a nearby jawbreaker . vanellope ( cont ’d ) enjoy you little tantrum , diaper baby ? ralph leave I alone . vanellope look , you want that medal , right ? and I want to race . so , here 's what I be think ; you help I get a new kart , a real kart , and I 'il win the race and get you back you medal . ralph you want I to help you ? vanellope all you get to do be break something for I . come on , what do you say , friend ? she hold out a hand . he do not take it right away . ralph we be not friend . vanellope ah come on , pal . you son of a gun . come on buddy , let 's shake on it . come on chumbo . Ralph , my man . my main man . hey , my arm 's get tired . we have a deal or not ? ralph you better win . he take she little hand , and they shake on it . CUT to : ext . sugar rush , cruiser , flying - day Felix and calhoun get a bird 's eye view of Ralph 's wreckage . calhoun I will say this much , they do not call you friend wreck - it for nothing . there 's the shuttle ! wreck -it ralph 56 she land the cruiser . ext . sugar rush , the broken ship calhoun do a military run up to the ship , gun raise . she circle it , check the cockpit . Felix approach cautiously . felix be he in there ? calhoun nope . lucky for he , otherwise I would have slap he corpse .... no cy- bug either . she pull out she tri-quarter bug sensor and start scan . calhoun ( cont 'd ) get to find it before it lay its filthy egg . CUT to : ext . candy cane forest , taffy pit calhoun and Felix pass the pit . she 's get a faint signal on the sensor . it scramble . she smack it . it scramble more . calhoun ( with disgust ) argh . this atmosphere be full of sugar particle , and it 's jam my sensor with funny fudge . they walk on . calhoun ( cont 'd ) so , what be it with this wreck - it joker ? why have he go awol ? felix I wish I know , mar ’am . he be act all squirrelly last night -- go on about cake and medal . ( distraught ) but I never think he have go turbo . calhoun go turbo ...? wreck -it ralph 57 felix that 's right , guy just get plugge in . well , back when the arcade first open ... fade to : int . litwak 's arcade , early 80s - flashback simpler day . 80s music . 80s kid play classic game -- ffj , pac man , and a 8 - bit racing game call turbo time . we meet turbo -- basically a giant smiley face in a generic car , racing on a generic road . felix ( v.0o . ) «+. turbo time be by far the most popular game . turbo cross the finish line and give we a giant thumb -up . turbo turbo -tastic ! felix ( v.0 . ) and turbo - - well , he love the attention . turbo take the first - place spot on a podium . he block the second - place racer down with a wave of he trophy and block the third - place racer from view with he turbo thumb -up . felix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so when roadblaster get plugge in and steal turbo 's thunder , boy be he jealous ... roadblaster be wheeled in . kid abandon turbo time to play it . turbo be leave mid-game . he stop and look across the arcade to pole position . his big smile turn to a frown . felix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so jealous that abandon he game ... power strip : we watch the little turbo dot cross the power cord from he game to roadblaster . felix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -.. and try to take over the new one . roadblasters — short time later wreck -it ralph 58 a frustrated kid try to play roadblaster , but the screen be in chaos -- a 8 - bit turbo glitches all over the track , cause the kid to crash he car . kid 1 be that -- that look like turbo ! kid 2 aw what 's turbo do in this game ? ( crash ) aw c’mon ! kid 1 Mr. litwak ! felix ( v.0 . ) turbo end up put both game and himself out of order , for good . a worker wheel out both turbo time and pole position . back on calhoun and felix : calhoun shake she head . calhoun the selfish man be like a mangy dog chase a cautionary tale . they step onto a fall peppermint tree act as a bridge over a ravine . felix I know , right ? that 's why I have to get Ralph home , or the same thing 's gonna happen to my game . ding ! ding ! the entire tree be double stripe . it blink . felix ( cont 'd ) huh ? the tree disappear . they fall into a pit of chocolate powder . calhoun what be this ? a sign read : nesquik sand . calhoun ( cont 'd ) nesquik Sand ? they start sink . Felix panic . wreck -it ralph 59 felix quik sand ?! I x11 hop out and grab you one of that vine ! calhoun stand calm , size up the situation . Felix flail as he try to hop out of the sand . but he usual '' bo '' be more like a '' bllllrgh '' as the sand swallow he . felix ( cont 'd ) I can not hop . I be hopless ! this be hopeless ! we be gonna drow here ! calhoun stop thrashing ! stop move -- you be make we sink faster ! he 's still panic . calhoun slap he in the face . calhoun ( cont 'd ) get a hold of yourself . he look at she , shocked . suddenly they hear giggling . they look up to see laffy Taffy vine hang from a tree . as the vine giggle , they stretch and lower towards they . felix that vine . they be laffy Taffy . they be attract to whatever make they laugh . here , hit I again . she smack he , lightly . the taffy vine retreat , disappointed . felix ( cont 'd ) that 's not funny enough . harder . she hesitates . calhoun look , you be a nice guy , I can not -- felix ( unusually forceful ) no , mar ’‘am ! the arcade be depend on we . now do you duty , that 's a order ! she full on belt he . the taffy howl with laughter . he 's get a huge back eye . felix ( cont 'd ) Owwww ! it 's work , hit I again ! wreck -it ralph 60 calhoun ooh , you eye . felix I can fix it . he hit he eye with the hammer . his black eye go away . felix ( cont 'd ) now go -- ow ! San frantastic . whap ! the vine howl . Felix smile at she . he 's get tooth miss . he hammer he tooth . bling ! his tooth reappear . felix ( cont 'd ) again ! ow ! you mean business ! ow ! yikes on bike ! she hit . bling . he fix he face . she hit . bling . he fix he face . she hit . bling . he fix . felix ( cont 'd ) we be ... kill ... they ... finally , the vine be within reach . he grab hold , then pull she into he arm . felix ( cont 'd ) hold on tight , m’lady . the vine sweep they up and out of the quicksand . the world slow down . Music swell . calhoun look up at Felix . for some reason he look strong - jaw and heroic . he smile down on she . man , she 's beautiful . there 's a real chemistry between they . they arrive on the tree branch . calhoun notice that the laffy Taffy be sing in a Disney - esque choir and have form a heart shape around they . she pull out she gun and shoot at the vine . calhoun alright , enough with the goo- goo eye . she look at the sensor , all business . calhoun ( cont 'd ) ( climb out of the tree ) argh , we lose the cy-bug . let 's go . come on , we will get a better view from the air . think you can fix that shuttle ? wreck -it ralph 61 felix can do . he follow back she towards the shuttle . down below the tree , unbeknownst to they , something have burrow into the ground . we recognize the sound of a cy-bug come from the hole it make . we see a cy bug emerge from the hole . it eat a candy cane and become stripe . CUT to : ext . go - kart bakery a impressive facility shape like a giant cake . birthday candle chimney line the top . Ralph and vanellope sneak past a guard 's booth with beard papa snoozing inside of it . ext . bakery wall — moment later they slink up to a giant door with a hefty dead - bolt on it . vanellope 's face be paint huge on the door with a circle - slash through it and the word : '' no glitches allow ! '' vanellope alright , do you thing , knuckle . bust it open . ralph what 's this ? you be a full on criminal , be not you ? vanellope hey , we shook on it . slam CUT to : int . kart bakery Ralph 's fist bust through the door , destroy it . vanellope thank you , jeeve . vanellope run in . it 's dark . there 's nothing but a start button . wreck -it ralph 62 ralph what be this place ? where be the kart ? she hit the start button . a screen light up . it read : choose you kart . there be a bunch of cool candy kart to choose from . vanellope we gotta make one . ralph what ? no , no no . look , kid , bad idea , trust I . I do not make thing , I break thing . vanellope look like you will be step outside you comfort zone then , gladys . ( see a kart she like ) ooh , this be a good one . she press the '' choose '' button . suddenly the entire place light up . there be lever and pulley and bin . game voice welcome to the bakery . let 's bake a kart . ralph what be this , another game ? vanellope yeah , well , it 's a mini game . voice you have one minute to win it . ralph what ? vanellope come on , Ralph ! voice go ! oversize number fly through air from the background to the foreground . vanellope run over to giant steering wheel . before she : two shoot , a balance platform , a bowl , and a trash can . wreck -it ralph 63 voice ( cont 'd ) mixing ! the word '' mixing '' fly through the air and knock Ralph on the head . voice ( cont 'd ) put the ingredient in the bowl and throw away the trash . vanellope hang on the wheel to steer it . Egg come out of the shoot and onto the platform . she steer the wheel . the platform tilt to drop the egg in the batter bowl . other object come out of the shoot like boot , soccer ball , underpant , and hairbrush . a recipe card keep score . vanellope 's have trouble with the steering and be miss the ingredient . ralph Hair brush , no . underpant . no , no ! ( frustrated ) you be get it all wrong , kid ! vanellope I be try ! the clock read : 45 second . ralph urgh . I x11 do it . he jump up on the platform , catch all the ingredient , throw the good one into the bowl and the bad one all over the floor . ralph ( cont 'd ) no ... yes ... gross .. milk , yes , yes ! the flour hit he . he fall into the batter . the beater come down and mix the batter , Ralph and all . voice batter up ! the batter and Ralph dump into a mold . Ralph crawl out of the batter just before it go into the oven . vanellope come on , no sleep on the job . wreck -it ralph 64 voice baking ! Ralph get up , stumble around , dizzy . the word '' baking '' fly through the air and clock he . umph . voice ( cont 'd ) Pump up the heat and hold the perfect temperature . vanellope run over and jump on the bellow . she can not get it hot enough . vanellope Ralph ! a little help here . ralph I be on it ! Ralph jump on it . he completely break the bellow . vanellope Ralph ! ralph yeah , no problem , just give I this thing here -- Ralph grab the hose and blow into it himself . the mercury rise . vanellope okay , good ! a little more . that 's it ! hold it ! hold it ! hold it ! his cheek be bulg . he turn red ... then purple ... then blue . ding ! vanellope cheer . Ralph collapse . vanellope ( cont ’d ) yes ! come on , get up , Ralph ! Fifteen second ! the door open . the kart slide onto a conveyor belt . voice decorate ! Ralph manage to duck under the '' decorate '' word . the conveyor belt go under a bunch of candy dispenser fill with everything from wheel to jimmy . they must wreck -it ralph 65 launch egg off of a spatula aim at target on the respective bin . vanellope wheel first . ralph how many ? vanellope four , doi ! ralph get it . Ralph hit the spatula four time hard . four egg launch , hit the target and four wheel pop out of the bin . vanellope now frosting . a buttload of frosting ! ralph no problem . he hit the spatula several time . several egg go fly and smash the entire bin , which dump all of its frosting onto the kart . then the entire bin tip , knock the next bin . the bin collapse like domino and dump all the ingredient down on the kart . ralph ( cont 'd ) uh oh . the final buzzer sound . the kart drop down a ramp into a fancy garage . voice Times up . they run to the garage door , on which there 's a beautiful image of a perfect kart . the garage door open , revealing they abomination beneath it . voice ( cont 'd ) congratulation . you do it . and here 's you kart ! vanellope stare wide - eye at the kart , . wreck -it ralph 66 ralph aye yi yi . look , kid ... I try to warn you , I can not make thing , I just break -- vanellope I love it ! ralph you do ? vanellope I love it . I love it ! I love it ! look , it 's get a real engine , and look at this wheel . ( kiss the wheel ) I love it ! I finally have a real kart ! she hug the kart . Ralph grin , pleased . vanellope then grab two small pastry bag . vanellope ( cont ’d ) come on . a work of art like this must be sign . back outside : beard papa wake with a start . he see vanellope on the security camera . beard papa gasp . he grab he Red emergency phone . beard papa this be beard papa . the glitch be in the bakery ! get I King candy . cur to : back inside the bakery : Ralph and vanellope finish put they name on the kart and stand back to admire they work . Ralph 's smile like a sap -- the first we have see he smile . vanellope whoa . you have tooth ? I have never see you smile before . ralph I be not smile . I be gassy , okay ? they start to crack up , when : king candy ( 0.s. ) hold it right there , glitch ! wreck -it ralph 67 King candy , wynnchel , and Duncan drive in . King candy see Ralph and gasp in shock ! king candy ( cont 'd ) ( see Ralph ) and wreck - it Ralph ?! ralph uh-oh . Ralph aim the pastry bag at King candy and the donut and spray they in the face , temporarily blind they . ralph ( cont 'd ) start the kart ! Ralph throw vanellope in the driver 's seat of she kart and hop on the back . ralph ( cont 'd ) start the kart .... she fiddle with the button and knob but nothing happen . ralph ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for ?! C ’mon , let 's go ?! vanellope I ... ah . I do not know how to drive a real kart . ralph you do not what ?! Duncan look at King candy , concerned . duncan be you hurt , sire ? king candy no , he just glaze I ! get they ! Ralph push off the floor with he hand . the kart take off . ralph gang way ! wreck -it ralph 68 ext . bakery — continuous Ralph and vanellope burst right through the wall . Ralph hand - pedal the ground faster . they catch a downhill and pick up speed . King candy and the donut be hot on they trail . king candy stop in the name of the king , that 's I ! vanellope get off the road ! Ralph dig into the ground and take a tight turn . the claw swat truck over - shoot and go tumble . vanellope ( cont ’d ) head for diet cola Mountain ! they take a fork in the road . vanellope ( cont ’d ) drive into the wall ! ralph what ?! vanellope right there , between the two sugar - free lollipop ! ralph be you crazy ?! vanellope just do it ! Ralph aim the kart at the mountain head on ! and just as we brace for impact , Ralph , vanellope , and the kart hit the mountain wall , pixelate , and disappear . int . diet cola mountain - continuous Ralph and vanellope come sweeping into a dali-esque world of half - build game prop . they crash . the kart end up vertical against a rock , front wheel spin . ext . diet cola mountain - continuous King candy and the donut police screech to a halt . King candy remove he goggle and look around . wreck -it ralph 69 king candy where would they go ? find that glitch . destroy that kart . she can not be allow to race . wynnchel and Duncan drive off . King candy wipe he sweaty brow , upset . int . diet cola mountain Ralph pick himself up and lay into vanellope . ralph let I get this straight ; you do not know how to drive . vanellope well no , not technically . but I just think -- Ralph get to he foot . ralph what do you think ?! ( mock voice ) oh , I will just magically win the race just because I really want to ! she grab the steering wheel , eager . vanellope look wise guy , I know I be a racer . I can feel it in my code . ralph that 's it , I be never get my medal back . vanellope jump up and try to push the kart off the rock . it do not budge . vanellope what be the big whoop about that crummy medal anyway ? ralph the big whoop ? well this may come as a shock to you , but in my game , I be the bad guy , and I live in the garbage . vanellope cool . wreck -it ralph 70 ralph no , not cool . unhygienic . and lonely . and boring . but that '' crummy medal '' be gonna change all that . I go home with that baby around my neck , and I will get a penthouse . pies . Ice sculpture . firework ... ( off she blank stare ) ..- ah , it 's grow up stuff . you would not understand . vanellope no , I get it . that 's exactly what racing would do for I . she go back to try to push the kart off the rock . ralph well , guess what ? vanellope what ? ralph News flash ! neither one of we be get what we want . Ralph stomp he foot . boom ! something explode nearby . ralph ( cont 'd ) what be that ? Ralph follow the sound . he come to a room with a bubbling pool . he read the sign . ralph ( cont 'd ) ( read ) '' diet cola hot spring . watch out for fall mentos ? '' vanellope yeah , check it out . look ! vanellope throw a rock at the stalactite . Hit it . a piece of mentos fall into the pool . boom ! a giant broiling geyser shoot up into the air . vanellope ( cont ’d ) oh , you gotta watch out for the splash . that stuff 's broiling hot . wreck -it ralph 71 ralph yeah , I get that , thank you . what be this dump ? vanellope I think it 's some sort of unfinish bonus level . yeah , it 's pretty cool , huh ? I find that secret open , and now I live here . see , look , look look ! she run over to a crudely fashioned lean - to above a bed of candy - wrapper . vanellope ( cont ’d ) welcome to my home ! I sleep in this candy wrapper . I bundle myself up like a little homeless lady ... suddenly , it occur to Ralph : they plight be the same . ralph by yourself , with all this garbage around you ? vanellope well , yeah . I mean everyone here say I be just a mistake , and that I be not even suppose to exist . what do you expect ? ralph listen , kid ... I know it 's none of my business , but why do you even stick around this game ? vanellope you really do not know anything , do you ? glitches can not leave they game . it 's one of the joy of be I . Ralph look around at she sad life . he get a think . he raise he giant fist and start pound the twisted , nonsense architecture . vanellope ( cont ’d ) hey ! what be you do ?! come on ! I know it 's a dump , but it 's all I get ! wreck -it ralph 72 ralph ( still pound ) if you be go to be a racer , you have to learn how to drive , and you can not do that without a track . reveal : he 's make a beginner 's track around the hot spring . vanellope whoa . Ralph pick up the kart and put it on the track . ralph alright now , let 's hustle up . we get some drive to do . vanellope run in a circle around Ralph and the kart , cheer . vanellope I be gonna learn to drive ! I be gonna learn to drive ! I be gonna -- wait . do you know how to drive ? ralph yeah ! I mean , I have not do it , but look , I fly a spaceship today , okay ? vanellope you crash it . ralph just get in . how hard can it be ? okay , uh ... start it up . vanellope start it up and revs the engine . ralph ( cont 'd ) there you go . okay , now -- vanellope there 's so much stuff in here ! ralph do not start touch anything yet . vanellope touch everything . she turn on the light . vanellope what 's this ? wreck -it ralph 73 ralph they 's the light . vanellope and what 's this ? she hit the horn , hold . ralph that 's the horn . yeah , that 's still the horn . vanellope I like the horn . ralph listen , we get work to do ! vanellope okay ! she stop , focus on he . he point to the pedal . ralph so there 's some button on the floor ... vanellope pedal ! ralph pedal . right . now , that 's the go pedal . that , I believe be the stopper . and this .... wait . what be this ? ( press the clutch ) it do not do anything . he pick up the kart , look closely at the pedal , and start play with they . vanellope what do this joystick do ? she push the gear shift . the kart jump forward , drag Ralph with it . he land flat on he face . ralph aaooww ! vanellope stall . Ralph lift he head up . wreck -it ralph 74 ralph ( cont 'd ) good . let 's try that again . jump CUT to : ralph : stand in front of she . she zip forward and slam into Ralph . ralph ( cont 'd ) ouch ! jump CUT to : ralph : stand behind she . she grind the gear , fly in reverse , slam into he . he cry out . she slam into he again . jump CUT to : ralph : hide behind a rock . vanellope buck forward , hit a tree . the tree fall , land on Ralph 's head . jump CUT to : vanellope : steering through a obstacle course . CUT to reveal Ralph be push the kart from behind , guide she around the rock . jump CUT to : ralph : motion -steer as vanellope watch . she turn the wheel and slam into a rock . spit out a tooth , she give a '' thumb up . '' jump CUT to : vanellope : drive in first gear . she lift she foot off the clutch slowly and move forward smoothly . ralph ( cont 'd ) hey , wait , you be do it . she shift again . vanellope oh , I be . ralph okay . shift it again . wreck -it ralph 75 she make it around the track . shift perfectly . vanellope whoa ! I tell you ; racing 's in my code ! she drive faster ... and faster . ralph whoa , whoa whoa ! eye on the wheel ! vanellope hey ralphie , watch this ! I be go off road ! she jump the track then drive right up a steep , natural ramp . she jump a part of break track . land perfectly . she make another jump . perfect . ralph I get that medal in the bag . she then aim for a giant jump ... take flight and .... glitch ! her kart glitches about in the air , out of control . she 's head right for the stalactite . she scream ! ralph ( cont 'd ) look out ! she duck , but she spoiler hit the mentos . she glitches again and crash land on the track on the other side . giant chunks of mentos fall into the hot spring . geyser shoot up . Ralph jump out of the way of the boil cola fall around he . vanellope keep spin out of control . she skid to a stop . she look spook , but then she shake it off . vanellope so , how would I do ? ralph um ... well , you almost blow up the whole mountain . vanellope right , right , that 's a good note . ralph you have get to get that glitch under control , kid ! wreck -it ralph 76 vanellope okay , I will , I will ! and then you think I get a chance ? he contemplate . ralph ... tiny . she jump up and around Ralph shouting -- vanellope yes ! I be gonna win ! I be gonna win ! I be gonna win ! I be gonna win ! ralph ( give in to she enthusiasm ) top shelf . vanellope top shelf ! they fist bump . CUT to : int . king candy 's castle King candy pace in front of he kart throne . sour Bill follow , wave he with a fan lollipop . the castle door open . wynnchel and Duncan approach . king candy ( urgent ) do you find she ? tell I you find she . the do nut cop shake they head , no , solemnly . king candy ( cont 'd ) you do not ? go ... leave I . the donut leave . King candy think , get a idea , then storm off through the door by he throne . sour Bill hurry after he . wreck -it ralph 77 int . '' underground '' chamber a elevator door open and King candy and sour Bill step out and walk along what look like the inside of a wire . King candy approach a large door , upon which rest a game controller . he type in a cheat code . the door swing open . King candy step through it . int . the game 's code for the code savvy , it 's clearly a node graph . to the rest of we it look like a electric spider web of glow thread connect a endless number of vault - like box . king candy oh the code , the sweet life blood of the game . the box be label with icon and text , say everything from : '' gobstopper valley '' and '' chocolate river '' to '' taffyta muttonfudge '' and '' sour bill . '' the physics be different here , and so King candy float as if in zero gravity . he drift amongst the web , cautiously . king candy ( cont 'd ) where be you ? let 's see .... Stadium .... jumbotron . there it be the '' winner 's Cup . '' he double-click the box label '' winner 's cup . '' the box open . Inside float a bunch of smaller box label '' coin , '' interconnected with thread . amongst the box , one stand out . its label say , '' medal . '' king candy ( cont 'd ) one of this thing be not like the other . you ! we be go to give you a nice new home . King candy slide the Medal box out of the winner 's box and along the network of thread . he arrive in front of a very special box , connect with the most number of thread . it 's label , '' king candy . '' he double click it . it open and he slide the '' Medal '' box inside . a string of one and zero gather around he neck , then solidify into the Medal of heroes . king candy ( cont 'd ) success . wreck -it ralph 78 he float back towards the door . on he way he pass by a box that be off alone , with no thread attach . it glitches . its label say : '' vanellope von schweetz . '' king candy ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) sour Bill , I be go out . you be in charge of the castle until I get back . CUT to : int . / ext . space pod the cy-bug sensor be lock on the dash , scan . there be no bug detect . calhoun pilot . Felix stare at she , blush -- unapologetically smitten . calhoun you face be still red , you might want to hit it with you hammer . felix oh that 's not blunt force trauma , mar ’am . that 's just the honey glow in my cheek . calhoun oh . felix ma ’am , I just gotta tell you ... you be one dynamite gal . calhoun react . flashback : calhoun at the gun range , let out a round . brad in the cubicle next to she , turn , impressed . brad wow , you be one dynamite gal . flashback : calhoun and Brad , share a Sunday . brad ( cont 'd ) one dynamite gal . flashback : calhoun and Brad have a flowery picnic . brad ( cont 'd ) dynamite gal . wreck -it ralph 79 flashback : Brad on one knee propose . brad ( cont 'd ) dynamite gal . flashback : calhoun and Brad 's wedding . brad ( cont 'd ) dynamite gal . the glass shatter as the bug burst in . slam CUT to : int . ship — day , back to present calhoun snap back to reality , upset , almost livid . she bank the ship hard to the right . Felix go tumble . she land the ship in the wood by the castle . calhoun get out ! felix all I say be you be a dynamite gal ! calhoun I say get out ! he climb out . turn to say something else , but the glass come down immediately and the ship lift off . felix ( distraught ) jimminy jamminy ... he lumber off towards the castle . CUT to : ext . king candy 's castle door — short time later Felix knock on the castle door . sour Bill open the door . sour bill mmmmy ? wreck -it ralph 80 felix I be fix - it Felix , Jr , sir , from the game fix - it Felix Jr. have you see my friend , Ralph ? sour bill wreck - it Ralph ? felix yes , yes , that 's he . sour bill shoulda lock he up when we have the chance . felix lock he up ? sour Bill grab a handle and pull . a trap door open and Felix fall in . sour bill not make the same mistake with you . felix ( fall ) oh my land ! CUT to : ext . diet soda mountain vanellope come run out of the secret door . Ralph push the kart out behind she . vanellope come on Ralph ! this be it . this be really happen . I almost do not believe it . I mean , I have dreamt about it for so long , and now ... now I think I be gonna puke , actually . I mean I think I might puke . you know , like a verp ? ralph a what ? vanellope vomit and a burp together , and you can taste it , and it 's just like rise up .... oh this be so exciting ! wreck -it ralph 81 ralph yes ! it be . it 's exciting ! vanellope I mean , be I ready to be a real racer ? Ralph , what if the gamer do not like I ?! ralph who do not love a brat with dirty hair ? come on , that people be gonna love you . you know why ? because you be a winner . vanellope I be a winner . ralph and you be adorable . vanellope I be adorable . ralph and everyone love a adorable winner ! vanellope yeah ! ralph okay . come on . she laugh and hop in she kart . Ralph climb on the back . ralph ( cont 'd ) listen to I : if you get nervous , just keep tell yourself : '' I must win Ralph 's medal or he life will be ruin . '' and have fun . get it ? vanellope get it . vanellope start drive away , then slam on the brake . vanellope ( cont ’d ) wait . hold on ! Ralph fall forward . she put it in reverse , then stop short . he fall off the back . ralph where be you go ? wreck -it ralph 82 vanellope I forget something . i’1l be right back . vanellope run back into the mountain . Ralph watch after she . ralph huh. kid ...! he sigh , content . we hear the sound of a kart engine . king candy ( 0.s. ) Ralph , there you be ! hello ! Ralph turn to see King candy get out of he kart . ralph you ! king candy now , I come alone . unarm . whoa -- he duck as a boulder fly past he head . ralph I have have enough of you , pillow pant . Ralph chase King candy around a giant gum drop . king candy now , calm down ! calm down ! ralph I be gonna beat the fill out of you ! king candy ( put on giant glass ) you would not hit a guy with glass , would you ? Ralph grab the glass off of he face and knock King candy on the head with they . king candy ( cont 'd ) oh you hit a guy with glass , well play . Ralph grab he by the lapel . ralph what do you want , candy ? wreck -it ralph 83 king candy for you to close you mouth . you breath ... listen , I just want to talk to you . ralph I be not interested in anything you have to say . king candy how about this ? be you interested in this ? King candy hold up the Medal of heroes . shock to see it , Ralph drop King candy . ralph my medal . how do you -- king candy it do not matter . it 's yours .... go ahead . take it . Ralph take the medal . king candy ( cont 'd ) all I ask be that you hear I out . Ralph stare at the medal as he consider . ralph .-- about what ? king candy Ralph , do you know what the hardest part about be a King be ? do what 's right , no matter what . ralph get to the point . king candy Point be , I need you help . sad as it be , vanellope can not be allow to race . ralph why be you people so against she ? king candy I be not against she . I be try to protect she . wreck -it ralph 84 king candy ( cont 'd ) if vanellope win that race , she 'il be add to the Race roster . we close in on King candy 's eye and into he mind , where we see vanellope pop up as one of the nine daily avatar . a gamer select vanellope . king candy ( v.o . ) then gamer can choose she as they avatar . and when they see she glitch and twitching and just be herself ... flash forward : vanellope glitch all over the track . king candy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... they 's 11 think we game be break . we ’1ll be put out of order , for good . flash forward : the out-of - order get slap onto the sugar rush console . King candy 's subject rush into game Central . king candy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all my subject will be homeless . but there 's one who cannot escape , because she 's a glitch . flash forward : a scared vanellope be suck into the vortex of un - plugge oblivion . vanellope help ! somebody help ! king candy ( v.0 ) and when the game 's plug be pull , she will die with it . we pull out of the flash forward through Ralph 's eye . he 's horrify by the think . ralph you do not know that will happen . the gamer could love she . king candy and if they do not ? Ralph sit down , eye still on he medal . wreck -it ralph 85 king candy ( cont 'd ) I know it 's tough . but heroes have to make the tough choice , do not they ? she can not race , Ralph . but she will not listen to I . so , can I count on you to talk a little sense into she ? Ralph contemplate , then give a small , pain nod . king candy ( cont 'd ) very good .... now , I ’1ll give you two some time alone . King candy disappear around the bend . Ralph stare at the medal . he hear vanellope return . he stand , brace himself , and put the medal in he pocket . vanellope I be back . do you miss I ? ralph yeah . yeah . hey , can we talk for a second ? vanellope wait . first , kneel down . ralph what ? no , no , we really -- vanellope will ya just do it ! ralph ok . he kneel down . vanellope now close you eye . ralph vanellope . vanellope shush . Close ‘em ! he shut they . she tie something around he neck . vanellope ( cont ’d ) okay . open ‘em up ! wreck -it ralph 86 he look down and see a small , handmade candy heart on a string , on which be hand - paint the word : '' to stink Brain . '' ralph ( read ) to stink Brain . gee , thanks . vanellope turn it over . he do . on the back be paint the word : '' you be my hero . '' vanellope ( cont ’d ) I make it for you , just in case we do not win . not that I think there 's even a remote chance we be not gonna win . ralph ( this be kill he ) thanks kid , um listen -- vanellope now rise , my royal chump ! I have get a date with destiny ! ( Ralph do not move ) Ralph , come on , move you molass ! ralph um , I have be think -- vanellope that 's dangerous . ralph who care about this stupid race , anyway ? vanellope that 's not very funny , Ralph . ralph no , I be serious . it be really fun to build the kart and everything but maybe you should not do it . that get she attention . vanellope ah , hello ? be Ralph in there ? I would like to speak to he please . wreck -it ralph 87 ralph look , what I be say be , you can not be a racer . her eye go down to he chest and she see something . vanellope what ? why would you -- she pull the Medal of heroes out of Ralph 's pocket . vanellope ( cont ’d ) wait a minute . where do you get this ? ralph look , I be gonna be straight with you ; I have be talk to King candy . vanellope King candy ? you sell I out ? ralph you do not understand . vanellope no , I understand plenty , traitor . she throw the medal at he . it hit he in the face and fall to the ground . she jump back in the kart . vanellope ( cont ’d ) you be a rat . and I do not need you ! I can win that race on my own . ralph but I be try to save you skin , kid ! Ralph grab she and pick she up out of the kart . vanellope hey ! put I down . let I go ! he set she down . she immediately make a dash for the kart . Ralph block she way . she struggle to get around he . ralph no , you listen to I . you know what 's gonna happen when the player see you glitch ? they be gonna think the game 's break . wreck -it ralph 88 vanellope I do not care , you be a liar . ralph you better care , because if you game go out of order , you go down with the ship , little sister ! vanellope I be not listen to you ! get out of my way ! she get under he leg and get back in the kart . vanellope ( cont ’d ) I be go to that race ! he pull she out again and hold she by the scruff . she thrashes and kick at he . ralph no , you be not . he hang she by she hood on the edge of a pointy gumdrop . vanellope take I down from here , Ralph , right now ! ralph no .... I be do this for you own good . he go over to the kart and raise he fist . she struggle to get free , but can not . vanellope wait . wait . wait . no. no. no. please , Ralph ! no! stop ! but he do not stop . he destroy the kart . she sob . then she glitches and land on she butt on the ground . the kart be in ruin . Ralph turn to she . vanellope ( cont ’d ) ( heartbroken ) you really be a bad guy . she run sobbing into the mountain entrance . Ralph hang he head . he sigh , then walk over and pick up he medal . wreck -it ralph 89 he start down the road alone . dissolve to : ext . fix - it felix , JR . Ralph ride up on the push cart , wear he medal . it 's awfully quiet . all the light be out at the niceland Apartments , but for a single light in the penthouse . CUT to : int . penthouse the door hang slightly open . Ralph push it the rest of the way and step inside . the place look like it 's be loot . ralph hello ? anybody home ? Felix ? Mary ? gene ( 0.s. ) well , you actually go and do it . there , by the bar , stand gene , pour one last martini . ralph gene ? where be everybody ? gene they be go . after Felix go to find you and then do not come back , everyone panicked and abandon ship . ralph but -- but I be here now . gene it 's too late , Ralph . litwak 's pull we plug in the morning . gene motion towards the balcony . Ralph go over and look out . he see the out-of - order sign tape to the console . gene ( cont ’d ) but , never let it be say I be not a man of my word . the place be yours , Ralph . enjoy . gene toss Ralph the key to the penthouse . Ralph catch they and look at they , upset , as gene grab he suitcase and head for the door . wreck -it ralph 90 ralph gene , wait . listen , this be not what I want . gene stop and turn back . gene so what do you want Ralph ? ralph I do not know , I just .... I be just tired of live alone in the garbage . gene well now you can live alone in the penthouse . gene leave . dissolve to : ext . penthouse balcony — short time later Ralph stand there , alone . he look down at the Medal of heroes . he shake he head , disgust , then throw it . the medal smack against the game screen . the hit on the screen cause one corner of the tape on the out-of - order sign to release . the sign go crooked . he look out the game screen and see the sugar rush console across the way . it remind he of the homemade medal vanellope give he . it 's still around he neck . he take it off and turn it to the side that say , '' you be my hero . '' he hug it to he chest and look back out at the sugar rush game . he notice something ... there on the console 's side , be illustration of all the racer , include vanellope . back on ralph : that make he think ... then run off . CUT to : int . sugar rush , the base of diet cola mountain sour Bill load the scrap of vanellope 's kart into a candy wheelbarrow . a shadow rise over he . wreck -it ralph 91 ralph ( 0.s. hey cough drop . explain something to I ... sour Bill turn to see Ralph , loom , fist on hip . ralph ( cont 'd ) if vanellope be never mean to exist , then why be her picture on the side of the game console ? sour bill uuhhhhbhh ... sour Bill make a run for it . Ralph grab he . ralph what 's go on in this candy - coat heart of darkness ? sour bill nothin’ . ralph talk . sour bill no . ralph I will lick you . sour bill you would not . ralph oh yeah ? Ralph give he a quick lick . sour Bill cringe . sour bill that 's like sandpaper . ralph hmm , wonder how many lick it 'il take to get to you center . sour bill I will take it to my grave . ralph Fair enough . Ralph toss sour Bill in he mouth . wreck -it ralph 92 ralph ( cont 'd ) ( pucker ) ooh-hoo-hoo . they call you sour Bill for a reason . sour Bill scream as Ralph swishes he around . finally , Ralph pull he out . ralph ( cont 'd ) have enough yet ? sour Bill squeal like stoolie . sour bill okay , I 'il talk . i’1l talk . i’1l talk . vanellope be a racer until King candy try to delete she code - as sour Bill spill the bean ... flashback : King candy in the code room , tear all the connection off of vanellope 's code . ralph ( 0.s. try to delete she code ? so that 's why she 's a glitch ! back on ralph : shocked . sour bill uh-huh . ralph why be he do this to she ? sour bill I do not know . ralph suit yourself . Ralph threaten to eat he again . sour Bill throw he arm up . sour bill no no no , I swear , I do not know ! flashback : we see King candy float through the code room , scoop up node of memory into a royal chest . he lock the chest with a pad lock . wreck -it ralph 93 sour bill ( cont ’d ) he literally lock up we memory . and I can not remember . nobody can . back on sour bill : arm still up , praying he will not be eat . sour bill ( cont 'd ) but I do know this . he 'il do anything to keep she from racing , because if she cross the finish line , the game will reset and she will not be a glitch anymore . ralph where be she now ?! sour bill in the fungeon with fix - it Felix . ralph Felix ? sour bill and that 's all I know . I swear . now please do not put I back in you filthy mouth again . Ralph lick sour Bill , then stick he to a tree . ralph stick around . sour bill yes okay , I will , I will , thank you . CUT to : ext . sugar rush , licorice field calhoun patrol the area . her scanner go off . she pull out she gun and follow the beep . calhoun come on , I know you be out there . the signal suddenly drop out . she hit the tri-quarter , frustrated . calhoun ( cont 'd ) ugh. saccharine - saturate nightmare . wreck -it ralph 94 the tri-quarter suddenly go off , loudly . she look around on alert . calhoun ( cont 'd ) but -- where ... the ground give way and she tumble into ... a giant cavern : she grab licorice root to keep from fall into the nest below , full of hatching cy- bug egg and candy - coat cy- bug travel in and out of long cavern . calhoun ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) doomsday and armageddon just have a baby and it be ugly . CUT to : the time clock in the sky : the arcade open in less than a hour . we pull back and through a bar window into ... int . felix 's cell , king candy 's fungeon a frustrated Felix call out the dungeon window . felix hello ! somebody ?! anybody ! please let I out ! he shake the bar . one bar be loose . felix ( cont 'd ) what 's he say ? how do he say it ? ( imitate Ralph ) I be gonna wreck it . he hit the bar with he hammer . they fortify , stronger . felix ( cont 'd ) oh why do I fix everything I touch ?! suddenly , Ralph burst through the wall . ralph Felix ! felix Ralph ! I be so glad to see you . Felix throw he arm around Ralph . change he mind , he let go and turn away from he . wreck -it ralph 95 felix ( cont 'd ) wait . no I be not . what do you have to say for yourself ? wait , I do not want to hear it . I be not talk to you . ralph ok , do not talk , that 's fine . but you have to fix this go - kart for I , pronto . felix I do not have to do boo ... forgive my potty mouth . I be just so , so , cross with you . do you have any idea what you have put I through ? I run higgledy - piggledy all over creation look for you . I almost drown in chocolate milk mix . and then I meet the most dynamite gal . she just give I the honey - glow something awful . but she rebuffe my affection . and then I get throw in jail . ralph Felix , pull yourself together . felix no Ralph , you do not know what it 's like to be reject and treat like a criminal ! ralph yes , I do . that 's everyday of my life . felix it be ? ralph which be why I run off . and I try to be a good guy . but I be not . I be just a bad guy . and I need you help . there 's a little girl whose only hope be this kart . please , Felix , fix it and I promise I will never try to be good again . Felix can not help but be move . wreck -it ralph 96 int . vanellope 's cell vanellope sit in a fungeon fortress . the door look unbreakable . silly picture and game line the wall . vanellope sit in the middle of the room with a '' glitch proof '' collar and chain around she waist . bam ! Ralph bust the door down and push in she fix kart . ralph I know , I know , I know . I be a idiot . vanellope and ...? ralph and a real numbskull . vanellope and ...? ralph a selfish diaper baby . vanellope and ...? ralph a ... stink brain ? vanellope the stinkiest brain ever . CUT to : ext . sugar rush race arena giant soda bottle pop and spray . the lid of the fan box fly off , revealing hundred of spectator . the racer line up at the start . a blimp fly over head . King candy stand in he royal box . king candy my sweet subject , I can without a pinch of hesitation assure you that I have never be so happy in all my life to say the follow word : let the random roster Race commence ! cheer ! King candy slide down he royal banner . he land in he own kart . a marshmallow wave the checker flag . and they be off ! wreck -it ralph 97 behind the stand : Ralph and Felix ride on the back of vanellope 's kart , hold on for dear life , as she drive . ralph remember , you do not have to win ! just cross that finish line , and you will be a real racer . as they enter the arena , Ralph and Felix jump off the kart . vanellope I be already a real racer , and I be gonna win ! vanellope speed across the start line . she 's in the race ! out on the track : the racer enter gum ball pass and must dodge gum ball the size of bowl ball . adorabeezle winterpop hit a power - up . her kart transform to reveal a ice cream cannon . announcer power up ! she shoot a scoop of ice cream , hit jubileena square in the face . announcer ( cont ’d ) oh , ala mode ! King candy hit a power - up . the hood of he kart open and unleash a canon . he fire three fireballs at rancis and minty , knock they out of he way . king candy have some candy ! announcer Red hot ! further back on the track , vanellope pass minty Zaki . minty zaki vanellope ! vanellope then catch up to taffyta . vanellope pardon I . Excuse I . hot soup ! come through ! Lady with a baby ! rancis it 's the glitch , it 's the glitch ! wreck -it ralph 98 taffyta the glitch ?! taffyta pull ahead and up the layer cake , line with giant cherries . she pass candlehead . taffyta ( cont 'd ) ( to candlehead ) Light ‘em up , candlehead ! candlehead lean over and light the cherry stem with the flame on she helmet . they turn into cherry bomb that blast as vanellope glitches pass they . announcer what 's this ? cherry bomb ! taffyta hit a power - up . sprinkle spike shoot out the back of she kart and hit vanellope . tafftya stay sweet , glitch ! vanellope glitches all over the place , out of control . announcer oh , Taffy - whacked ! in the arena : Ralph and Felix watch , aghast . felix oh no , she 's glitch ! ralph come on , kid . get it under control . back on the track : tafftya , candlehead , and rancis shoot into a giant straw . vanellope glitches up the rear . tafftya I tell you . you be just a accident wait to happen ! she suddenly glitches between the kart and end up in front , drive straight . shock , the racer lose control and spin out , just as the tunnel spit they out over the sea . vanellope land hard on the ramp on the far shore , stunne and confuse . wreck -it ralph 99 the rest of the racer miss and crash into giant cupcake . taffyta ( spitting out frosting ) waaaaaaaaa . candlehead I be a burnout ! vanellope ( to herself ) keep it under control , vanellope . no more glitch . in the arena : Ralph and Felix cheer . ralph okay , kid , let 's finish this thing without any more surprise -- umph ! Ralph be punch in the face . calhoun hope you be happy , junk pile . this game be go down , and it 's all you fault . felix my lady ? you come back . calhoun can it , fix -it . ( back to Ralph ) that cy - bug you bring with you , multiply . ralph no , it die in the taffy swamp . the earth shake . crack . cy-bug burst out of the ground . calhoun bull . roar . Ralph gasp in shock . back on the track : vanellope catch King candy , pass he . she take the lead . back in the arena : calhoun hold off bug and usher the crowd out of the stand . wreck -it ralph 100 calhoun ( cont 'd ) listen up ! head to game Central Station now . move it , let 's go , go , go ! the spectator scream and hotfoot it out of the stand . Ralph see cy-bug swarm the finish line , attract to the neon glow '' finish . '' ralph what ? no ! he run over and start punch they . ralph ( cont 'd ) get away . shoo ! go on , go back to you game ! entrance to the nougat mine : vanellope enter the mine . King candy take a short cut . inside the nougat mine : King candy sweep in and rear-end she so hard that she spin out . he hit she again and she front end go up on he hood . she try to shift and get off of he hood . king candy get off this track ! King candy stand up , break the antenna off of he kart , and whacks at she . she scream . king candy ( cont 'd ) I forbid you to cross that finish line ! back at the finish line : Felix and Ralph continue fight off bug . Felix point to the jumbotron . felix Ralph , look ! ralph ( see vanellope in danger ) kid ! back in the mine : she and King candy wrestle with the antenna . she glitches nervously , cause King candy to glitch , too . wreck -it ralph 101 king candy no , no ! I be not let you undo all my hard work ! vanellope grab King candy 's antenna and wrestle with he . back in the arena : Felix and Ralph see it on the jumbotron . felix be that ...? ralph no , it can not be . on jumbotron : the more King candy glitches , the more we lose sight of he and get flash of a creepy , familiar face . ralph and felix turbo ! back in the mine : vanellope scream in shock . vanellope what ? who be you ?! king candy I be turbo ! I be the great racer in this arcade ! and I do not escape roadblaster , learn code , and reprogram this game to let you and you obese warthog of a friend take it away from I ! he aim for a wall separate a fork in the road . he 's go to ram she right into it . vanellope no ! stop ! the wall get closer . King candy laugh . king candy end of the line , glitch . vanellope -.- glitch .... that 's it . that give she a idea . the world seem to slow down as she concentrate . vanellope ( cont ’d ) come on . you can do it . concentrate . and ... glitch ! wreck -it ralph 102 she glitches . disappear . reappear to the leave of the wall . King candy swerve , bounce off the wall , and head down the right hand tunnel . vanellope ( cont ’d ) sweet mother of monkey milk ! I do it ! vanellope speed off and out of the mine . King candy , on the other hand , speed right into the open mouth of a cy-bug ! back at the finish line : Ralph see she come . he and Felix have a path clear for she . felix there she be , Ralph ! ralph bring it home , kid ! the finish line 's wide open ! boom ! cy-bug start burst out of the ground on the track . vanellope scream and swerve around they , aim for the finish line . but a cy-bug burst out right in front of she . she crash into it and go fly . ralph ( cont ’d ) no ! Ralph and Felix leave the finish line and run to she . Ralph scoops she up out of candy debris . ralph ( cont 'd ) kid , be you okay ? vanellope I be fine , I be fine . let 's finish this race ! felix ( 0.s. ) Ralph , look ! Ralph turn to see that finish line be completely over - run by bug . it collapse . felix ( cont 'd ) I can not fix that . ralph let 's go . wreck -it ralph 103 vanellope but I do not cross the finish line ! ralph there be no finish line . they run out of the arena . on the rainbow : calhoun shoot bug . calhoun everybody out ! now , now , now ! Ralph and vanellope come run up the rainbow . vanellope Ralph , it 's not gonna work . ralph we gotta try . Ralph run through the exit with vanellope on he shoulder , but she 's rip back into the game . ralph ( cont ’d ) no ! vanellope Ralph , I tell you , I can not leave the game . he try to push she through , but she can not leave . ralph come on , get through , it 's get to work . vanellope ouch . stop . it 's no use . Felix join calhoun as the last of the citizen leave . calhoun that 's everyone . now we have get to blow up this exit . vanellope just go without I . ralph no , I be not leave you here alone . Ralph and vanellope look out at the destruction around they . wreck -it ralph 104 felix but what about this game ? calhoun there 's nothing we can do . without a beacon , there 's no way to stop this monster . Ralph look up at diet cola Mountain . ralph a beacon ? ( to vanellope ) stay with Felix . he jump onto calhoun 's cruiser . wobbles . steady himself . ralph ( cont 'd ) ( to calhoun ) let I borrow that , lady . felix Ralph , where be you go ? ralph what I do best ; I be gonna wreck it ! calhoun step ahead of Felix and vanellope and shoot at the advance bug . calhoun fix - it , get behind I ! Ralph fly off , through the air , most ungracefully . bug attack . he punch they out of he way , sway , almost fall . Ralph reach the top of diet cola Mountain and jump off the hover board . the crater 's center be like petrify mentos ( think giant 's causeway ) . Ralph punch it with all of he might . rumble . inside vanellope 's lair : small piece break off the giant stalactite and land in the hot cola beneath . Bright glow geyser shoot up all around . back on the crater : Ralph give it all he 's get . the crater crack all around . he prepare for a final blow . ralph one more ! slam ! Ralph be knock aside by what we assume be a cy-bug . he slam hard into the rim of the mountain . he shake it off , as we hear a familiar sinister laugh . wreck -it ralph 105 Ralph look up to see he be face - to- face with a giant , monstrous King candy turbo cy- bug mash up . ralph ( cont 'd ) uh-oh . kc turbo bug hello , old friend . like what you see ? be honest .... because of you , I be now the most powerful virus in the arcade . I can take over any game I want . I should thank you , but it have be more fun to kill you . turbo lunge at he . kc turbo bug ( cont ’d ) have some candy . Ralph get past he . turbo grab he , throw he back again . Ralph get to he foot and dive for the crater . kc turbo bug ( cont ’d ) get back here little guy . turbo catch he by he foot and fly he way up into the air . kc turbo bug ( cont ’d ) up we go . ralph no ! back at the rainbow : calhoun struggle to fight off the cy - bug as they swarm the exit . Felix push vanellope behind he protectively . vanellope Ralph ! calhoun run out of ammunition . she resort to swatting away bug with the butt of she gun , but they close in . calhoun fall back ! she and Felix fall back through the exit . vanellope stand before the bug , alone . back in the AIR : Ralph see the bug close in on vanellope . wreck -it ralph 106 ralph vanellope ! kc turbo bug look at that . you little friend be doom . let 's watch she die together , shall we ? ralph no ! turbo flip Ralph around and catch he by he collar . kc turbo bug guess , it 's game over for both of you . Ralph look down at vanellope , then look to he goal , the volcano now so very far below he . ralph ( determine ) no. just for I . Ralph break free from turbo 's grasp . back on the rainbow : vanellope see Ralph fall from such a great height . vanellope Ralph ! a bug close in on she . she glitches and land on top of the cy-bug . glitches again and land on top of another one , head towards the mountain . felix vanellope ! back in the AIR : Ralph recite the bad guy affirmation on he way down . ralph I be bad , and that 's good . I will never be good , and that 's not bad . vanellope 's medal slip out of he shirt . he grab onto it and hug it to he chest . ralph ( cont 'd ) there 's no one I have rather be than I . wreck -it ralph 107 he slam he fist down on the volcano 's mentos crater . it crack all around . in diet - cola mountain : the stalactite fall towards the broiling hot diet cola . Ralph fall with it . this be it . suddenly , vanellope ride up the side ramp in a kart . she make the big jump and catch Ralph on the hood of she kart . ralph ( cont ’d ) kid ? vanellope do not worry , I get it under control ! she bounce off the stalactite , and glitches through the other side of the mountain , just as the mountain erupt . the cy-bug instinctively stop fight . they turn and fly towards the geyser 's bright light . zap ! zap ! zap ! up in the air , turbo look around at the other bug . kc turbo bug you fool ! why be you go into the light -- turbo look at the light and he eye suddenly bulge like a entrance cy-bug . he fly towards the light . kc turbo bug ( cont ’d ) no , no. ( laugh ) I must go into the light ! he fly right into the light and be zap . Ralph and vanellope crash land in the chocolate river , safe . ralph ( laugh ) chocolate ? I love chocolate . Felix and calhoun see it all from the rainbow . felix you do it , Ralph ! you do it , brother ! he laugh for joy . Felix hop up and give calhoun a 8 - bit - kiss on she cheek . a little ten-point heart rise up . she look at he like she 's go to kill he . yank he up by wreck -it ralph 108 he collar and slam she lip on he . it 's worth ten thousand point . dissolve to : ext . sugar rush race arena Felix put the finish touch on the finish line . felix all fix ! Ralph put vanellope into she own , dent kart . ralph you ready for this ? vanellope as ready as I will ever be . Ralph give vanellope a push . she roll across the line . sparkle flicker everywhere . int . code room : the thread flicker . vanellope 's lonely box be suddenly attach to the giant web by dozen of thread . ext . sugar rush landscape : the landscape reset back to all its beauty . the power cord entrance : the citizen of sugar rush flood back into the game in amazement . back on the track : vanellope rise up out of she kart , into the air , and twirl . vanellope ( cont ’d ) whoa . what 's with all the magic sparkles ? a beautiful princess dress form on she body . a crown appear on she head , a wand in she hand . in the code room : the memory box unlock and string of memory pour out of it . back on the track : vanellope 's eye widen as she memory come rush back . the face of she citizen brighten as they remember , too . sour Bill return , a candy tree limb stick to he back . wreck -it ralph 109 sour bill ( kneel down ) now I remember . all hail the rightful ruler of sugar rush : princess vanellope . the kid look to each other in panic ; the horrible way they treat she come back to haunt they . taffyta ( cool-head ) hey vanellope , you know all that stuff we say earlier , that be all a joke , you know that , right ? vanellope ( a voice like snow White ) tut-tut . as you merciful princess , I hereby decree that everyone who be ever mean to I shall be ... execute . racers what ?! no , please ! they cry . they wail . Felix and calhoun share a look -- this be get creepy . felix oh my land ! calhoun this place just get interesting . vanellope ( back to she normal voice ) abhhh .... I be just kid . stop cry , taffyta . taffyta ( a total mess ) ... I be try ... it will not stop . ralph wow , so this the real you , a princess . vanellope Ralph , what be you , nut ? this be not I . vanellope concentrate and glitches right out of the dress and crown and back into she regular clothes . wreck -it ralph 110 vanellope ( cont ’d ) this be I . ralph what ? vanellope look , the code may say I ’ma princess , but I know who I really be , Ralph , I be a racer with the great superpower ever . I be here . I be there . I be glitch through the wall . I be not give that up . wynnchel pardon I for ask , but without a princess , who 's gonna lead we ? duncan yeah , who ? vanellope uhhhhh I . I be think more along the line of a constitutional democracy . President vanellope von schweetz . have a nice ring to it , don’ cha think ? calhoun fix - it , wreck - it , the arcade 's about to open . let 's move ‘em out ! Felix join calhoun in the shuttle park by the finish line . Ralph turn to vanellope . she run into he arm . vanellope you know , you could just stay here and live in the castle . you have have you own wing where no one would ever complain about you stench , or treat you bad ever again . you could be happy . ralph I be already happy . I have get the coolest friend in the world .... ( off she smile ) and besides , I have get a job to do , too . it may not be as fancy as be president , but it 's my duty . and it 's a big duty . wreck -it ralph 111 vanellope ha . felix Ralph ? be you come , brother ? Ralph set vanellope down . they fist bump . ralph see ya later , President fartfeather . vanellope au revoir , Admiral underpant . ralph and farewell , baroness boogerface . vanellope Goodbye , Major body odor ! ralph hasta la vista ... felix Ralph ! ralph alright , to be continue . vanellope yeah ! Ralph jump in the shuttle and watch she until the door close . CUT to : int . badanon Ralph sit amongst the usual badanon folk . ralph so yeah , I be take life one game at a time , and I gotta tell ya , I feel like a new Ralph . the bad guy all clap . wreck -it ralph 112 int . litwak 's arcade litwak grab the out -of-order sign , just as Ralph rush into the game . ralph ( in game ) I be gonna wreck it ! litwak hey , look at that ! the gang 's all here . false alarm . litwak crumple up the sign . the moppet girl start to play the game . ext . nicelander apartment — game play : the same building . same game . Ralph fall in the mud . splat . ralph ( v.o. ) course , the job have not change . but the nicelander be actually be nice to I . the nicelander bring he a penthouse cake . his ugly figurine be on the roof of it with everyone else this time . ralph ( v.o. ) and that get I think about that guy leave without a game . ext . niceland apartment : the homeless character hang out the window and scream along with the nicelander as Ralph and coily wreck the building . ralph ( v.o. ) so we ask some of we friend to help we out on the bonus level . and I swear we game have not be this popular in year . the gamer , they say we be retro , which I think mean old but cool . int . litwak 's arcade : kid line they quarter up on the fix - it Felix console while the moppet happily play . ralph ( in game ) we be gonna wreck it ! felix ( in game ) we can fix it ! ext . niceland dump — after hour : the dump have a new sign . it read '' welcome to east niceland . '' wreck -it ralph 113 ralph ( v.o. ) oh , and I decide that live in a dump be not make I feel very good about myself . dig dug help dig as Ralph build a rudimentary home . nearby , Felix complete a row of professional - look home . the homeless character cheer . ralph ( v.o. ) so I clean it up . built house for we new co-worker , too -- well , with a little help from Felix . int . church day : Felix and calhoun be get marry . Ralph stand beside Felix as he best man . ralph ( v.o. ) and guess who be the best man at he and calhoun 's wedding ? Old ham - hand himself . all the soldier be on calhoun 's side of the aisle . all the nicelander and random game character on be Felix 's side . ralph ( v.o. ) very elegant affair -- lotta grandeur . not one bug .... and I would be a liar if I say no tear be shed . Felix go in for the kiss . calhoun first glance up to the window , expect a bug attack . the entire congregation cock they weapon . no bug . calhoun kiss Felix . ext . niceland apartment , rooftop : Felix win another medal , which lower from the sky , as the nicelander take Ralph onto they shoulder . Ralph be on the roof . he watch Felix get he medal . it do not phase he . he smile and look pretty darn content . ralph ( v.o . ) but by far the best part of my day be when I get throw off the roof . because when the nicelander lift I up ... I get a perfect view of sugar rush . as they carry he to the edge of the roof , he look out -- ralph 's Pov : through the arcade , a kid be play as vanellope as she speed through the sugar rush racetrack . wreck -it ralph 114 ralph ( v.o. ) vanellope be a natural . and the player , they all love she . just like I know they would . she try to get around two racer , and with a glitch and a flip , she take the lead as the race end . she win ! she hold out a fist to the gamer . word on the screen say , '' top shelf . '' the player fist - bump the screen . vanellope then look over at Ralph and give a little wave . ext . niceland apartment rooftop : Ralph beam with pride . he wave back . ralph ( v.o. ) turn out , I do not need a medal to tell I I be a good guy . ' Cause if that little kid like I , how bad can I be ? final fade out .