wrongfully accused by Pat proft proft thing INTERNATIONAL revised 4/11/97 revised 5/15/97 logo dissolve to : super : '' the follow dramatization be true , base on real event , from other actual movie . " Building underneath the super : SOUND : a prison stren off in the distance . dissolve to : ext . hillside - day cass lake hear the siren . beautiful , cool , in control , the girl next - door with the body of a Victoria 's secret model . and a air of mystery about she . she grab she binocular . angle - her painting ' the penitentiary with a person jump over the wall . Cass look through she binoc . ext . utility road ~- prison truck - day the side of the truck read : " a prison truck " . in the b.g. off in the distance be the penitentiary where a break have just be discover . in the flatbe be barrel , over - stuff , and mark '' recycled Paper '' , '' recycled can " , '' recycled plastic " , and " recycled cycle " , which be full of old bicycle . one barrel , which be mark " for escape " . have a pair of hand hold onto the rim . the person inside start to rock the barrel until it fall off the truck . angle - barrel roll down a hill . pass a sign : '' the steepest Hill in the Whole World " . Pov from inside " barrel the world be spin as we roll downhill . ext . hillside Cass be pack up she paint . delicate brushes and big paint voller . ext . creek - day the barrel come to a halt in the creek . we prisoner crawl out of the barrel , we do not see he face . dizzy , on very unsteady leg , he stagger all over , bang into tree , 4 bridge embankment , then bump head with a bear whe be just round a corner , ow ! Beast and man fall backward out of frame , leave fly back up into view as they strike the ground . go to black : fade up : int . back room - prisoner Pov of ceiling a moan , and we stare at the ceiling . look to the wall . a doctor 's license hang on the wall for * Dr yanock savack * have a big red circle with a red bar through the middle on it . we turn back and we look into the face of doctor savack . tire , wear - face@ drinker and smoker . he wear a white pharmacist 's type coat . cigarette dangle from he lip . a little smoker 's cough . he 's go through a wallet . angle - savack savack I be yanock savack . we escape prisoner , the young , handsome cameo be we . escapee , ROBERT decker . tries to get up off the barber chair , but he 's too woozy . savack ssh . you be safe , Mr Robert decker . I find out who you be . savack look at several photo of a woman , Mary Kelley , red hair , very pretty . she hold onto , and stand behind , 4 - picket fence . another photo and we see she be actually | hold onto a small section of a fence , which be about the size of a accordion . be savack take by she beauty , of do he recognize she ? savack girlfriend ? decker grab the photo . decker Mary Kelley . I love she . she set I up . I be innocent . I never smuggle gun into Northern Ireland . savack guilty , net guilty , it do not matter to I . someone find you . bring you here . decker a bear ? savack she leave no name . but do give mé thirty - five hundred dollar . I be a self teach cosmetic surgeon . savack wash he hand in the greasy water of a sink full of dish . savack I all make you so you own mother will not recognize you . ( to he dog ) right , boy ? ~ angle ~ dog he woof . his face be the spitting image of Richard Nixon . '' angle - savack wipe he hand on the dog 's tail . savack I use to be a butcher , and then I work on the " Mr. potato head " design project . swig from the '' ' whiskey '' '' bottle . savack so I know nose , ear , and mouth . put on a pair of rubber glove . one shoot off of he hand . savack the " '' savack procedure '' take not more than four hour . ( check he equipment , all in order ) yes. balis . decker no ! t'il stick with the ball ET come in with . just do the face . savack I will aiter you voice by wiring you vocal chord through a pez dispenser implant in you neck . ( very special ) no more fingerprint . they will never give you away . the downside be fingerprint act as non-skid tread . this mean when you pick you nose , the finger just might slide all the way into you brain , cause instant death . let 's begin . he turn on a tank label " nitrous oxide lite 's . angle - decker be Pov " before and after " picture hang on the wall . before be abe vigeda . the after be Tom Cruise . then a before of Michael Jackson from he " Jackson five " day . then a series of four after picture , take we through he various change . savack place the mask over decker 's face . savack take deep breath ... deep ... that 's it . fading to black savack . when you fall asleep , you be go to be my bitch . breathe become excited . savack only kid ... savack 's laugh echoe into : dissolve to : int . or . savack' office ~ decker be Pov ~ hour later slowly fading back up again . thing be just start to get imto focus . Dr. savack be stand over decker , in the midst of a big whisky swig . he 's very unsteady on he foot . on the imstrument table be a bag of cement and a trowel . a timer ding . savack this bandage can come off now . he start to unravel the bandage . savack { cont 'd} you be go to feel a sting sensation under you arm . I have to take some skin there for you upper lip . a bit from you penis for the eyelid . I would not rub they or they will swell up ... to around seven or eight inch in length . and I have to borrow a little skin from my dog 's ass for the jaw area . knock over instrument as he hand decker a mirror . we see the new face . ryan jack harrison be bear . ryan ( frighten ) aw ! credit begin : title : leslie nielsen be leslie nielsen in : letter swivel out to we ala " the fugitive " movie , " wrongfully accused " . vanna white turn around the last letter , and style to it , applaud . under it all a forceful piece of music herald the title . it rumble under che remain action and credit . : int . savack' office , Ryan lock into the mirror at himself . ryan this be the best face you get ? savack it say intelligence , common sense , a man whose live a vigorous life . ryan we be go with this nose ? savack hand he a jar of pill . he almost lose he balance . savack take eight of this pill every hour . or ... ( hold up a huge softball size piil ) one of this a day , rectaily . ryan l'il go with the pill . savack {can barely speak ) document . Ryan open the passport . the picture be of Ryan 's face wrap in the bandage . savack to save time , I take the picture while you be asleep . Ryan read : ryan " Ryan Jack Harrison '' . savack a new man . a new face . a ... he crumble into Ryan 's arm . Ryan see a knife stick in savack 's back . he pull it out . help savack to the barber chair . in the process , the knife be now in savack 's chest . Ryan , " oop " . pull it out . savack call Ryan closer . lip to ear . . savack ow. ryan whe do this to you ? savack it be she . but ... she have not see you new face . he 'o dead . Ryan panic ! he turn off the light . go to che door . open it @ crack to lock outside . in the process , the 20 5 the knife he ho i " aw ! " he drop angle ~ savack' file a mess , the " Mary Kelley " file be empty . dissolve to : montage ~ ryan on the run again ryan ( v.0 . ) murder ! I '11 be to blame for another crime I have not commit . what to do ? where to go ? Ryan 's foot walk mile after mile of sidewalk , up stair , down stair , circular stair , try to walk up a escalator . all the while page be fall off a daily calendar . we start in July . we eventually reach July 32nd . a motorcycle cop look he way . ryan ( v.0 . ) a cop . be safe Ryan . do not draw any attention to yourself . Ryan act casual and stand behind a outdoor fruit stand . his positioning make it look like the banana and pear be he expose genital . no one can help but stare at he . ryan ( v.0 . ) everyone 's stare . Quick , lose yourself in a crowd , blend in . Ryan be morphed into footage of the million man March crowd . as the crowd listen to farakan , Ryan look over he shoulder for the cop . all head turn to this one shiny white face in the middle of the crowd . . ryan {( v.0 . ) you have to get off the street . wait , steady man , this be a new face . no one know you . find work . start a new life . '' help want " sign after '' help want " sign be pluck from window , one be in Hebrew , another " help want " sign be in the window of the " help want sign store 's . Ryan take a " EB ip want " 's @ window of the pressive '' Columbia Heights Hall " . int . symphony hall Ryan assist the percussionist tighten the timpani skin . ryan ( v.0 . ) that 's right Ryan , lose yourself in the meticulous care of each instrumenc . life be start anew . Ryan tighten , strain hard to draw it very taut . there . the percussionist strike the timpani with he mallet . Ryan tightened it too tight , " '' bo ! " . the mallet bounce back with great force , hit the percussionist in the face . Ryan be sharpen the conductor 's baton in a pencil sharpener . Ryan carry a harp . he do not realize it 's too big for the doorway open . it jam in the door . Ryan keep walk into the string , '' sproing 's '' , he 's shot backwards out of frame . sound of a mechanic at work , hammer , drilling : " * clang ! weez weez ! crank " . Ryan in greasy overall , slide from under a piano on a crawler . lift the piano top , coil a hinge , but in the process clipping Mr " shine " himself , david helfgott , smoking , shirtless , wear long coat , walkman in ear , and wear headphone , act very hyper , on the chin . he fail into the piano . Ryan drop the piano top back down , leave helfgott entombed . empty trash from after a rehearsal . he see a violin ina trash can . he reverently pick it up . it feel right , it feel so natural . " wonder Boy " be wood - burn on the back . he pick up a bow . ryan ( v.c . ) you study violin as a boy . you play in the prison orchestra . it keep you sane . angle - on deck circle - baseball player ( cameo ) kneel , he 's apply resin to he bat . Ryan gesture for the resin . he resin he bow . hand the resin bag back to the ball player . ryan ( v.0 . ) you must play . it 's in you blood . it 's you destiny . but will it give you away ? Ryan cradle the vio 24s he ready to play . angle - theater seat Cass , carry a portrait , hear a short burst of fantastic violin music . cass ( to Ryan ) that be wonderful . there 's something about he . something about he eye . cass you should audition for the orchestra . ryan I be afraid you can not make a sow from a pig 's ear . cass ( so attract to he ) would you like to get a cup of coffee ? credit end song : we ' whitney Houston -ish song begin . ( lyric that feel like this :) female vocalist ( v.0 . ) ( very whitney . Houston ) you be my special one . the lover I seek . my husband 's go , you do I for a week . my heart feel a tug as you nail I on the rug . I be so sore from the hardwood floor . we do a three way in a bar . and on the freeway in a car . Z love you all the while we do it doggie style . in this we montage . in this we montage of love . montage of love : int . coffee shop - day both have huge coffee cup . they chat . the fall " , parasol in Cass 's hand . Ryan , sh , tip the brim of he cowboy hat , 4 lot of water splashes up from the brim , more than be physically possible . ext . pool - day Cass sit on a pool chair . Ryan apply suntan lotion , a let more come squirting out than he anticipate . he rub it on she back , it run all over . she lean back in the chair , but due to the grease - up back , she slip off the chair , and down a hillside . int . elevator at symphony hall Ryan and Cass enter . she be all over he . kiss , work she way down he chest , then out of frame . we can only imagine what she be do as he react in total ecstasy , flail he arm , pound he fist on the wall , bang he head . angle - cass be just tie he shoe for he . he lift she up . they kiss madly . he swing she around , romantically drape she backward , go to kiss she , but the elevator door have open and they slam on she head . she go limp . oops . int . cass bedroom Cass 's back to Ryan , she take off she blouse . he umhook she bra . like a slingshot it shoot off of she , 0.c. " two " , it bounce off a far wall . they duck as it come at they head , and land with the SOUND of a 0.c. lamp crashing to the floor . int . cass bedroom camera move over the floor , a empty champagne bottle , one bottle of " yoo hoo " and two glass , clothes on floor . he and hers , he shirt , she underwear tear to shred , he shoe be rip in half , ail lay on a twister game mat - _ onte . the foot of the bed , where we encounter a series of iit roac flare . we come upon Ryan with Cass in he arm . int . goodhue bedroom ~ bed - series of dissolves Cass be gently laid down , Ryan on top of she . she nurn over on top of he . in a very gymnastic move , he , while hold i ont she , ip up , and £ he lay on she , and kiss he and kisse t pillow . er again . they kiss . then she hoid hand on the c/u pillow now he toe be entwine in she finger . angle - ryan and cass in bed passionate , very physical love make , the bed be rock . ae climax , air bag deploy from the headboard . they be both in ecstasy . they now lay side - by-side . dissolve to : Cass play with @ huge tuft of hair on Ryan 's chest , twist it , french braid it . ryan you mean so much to I , you be that sister I never have . I have not have a lot of kindness in my life . she start to cry . cass Ryan , please leave . there 's someone else . he get out of bed . ryan ( sad ) Weil ... I do not know what to say . thank you for get I the audition . cass do not be angry . I would sti to see you . ryan thurt} sure , why buy the bul the milk be free . th new for I . but why m averyone 's toy boy . meat on the hook . King salami . tonight 's fallacio du jour . ( near tear ) 12 well , T be not some roast you carve a piéce off of when you be hungry . I be a whole meal . he exit . the sound of a stir , powerful , violin and orchestra piece over : ext . symphony hall - a summer' evening super : three month later what a night ! the musical event of the year . a sign proudly proclaim : " Mr. and Mrs. hibbing goodhue present the concert debut of Ryan Harrison " . a poster of the handsome , distinguished Ryan Harrison , the former Robert decker , be pose play he violin . a " solid out " banner be place over the poster . angle - symphony hall entrance late , step from a cab , be Cass . she 's dress elegantly . include long opera glove . she go past séveral black scalper , who approach she . scalper I get loge , I get center aisle ... int . symphony hall - angle on cass load of sparkling jewelry , formal gowns and tuxedo , the . cream of society . Cass be take to she seat by a usher , who flick on he flashlight which emit the static hum and the florescent light of darth vader 's sword . he point to she seat . she open she handbag , a small gun inside . she take out a note address to " hibbing goodhue " . the usher gesture to the empty theater box , give she the note back . she draw a glance to goodhue 's theater box . we can not help notice that abraham lincoln and Mary Todd lincoln be sit in the adjoin box , watch happily . Cass be draw to the music . angle - ryan a confidant , mature , - debonair Ryan . he 's play flawlessly . it 's so obvious the hand do not belong to we actor . he play so vigorously that he jab he bow into the eye of a fellow orchestra member , '' awi " . then a angle reveal several musician behind Ryan be wear a eye patch . one woman be in a football helmet with dark visor . angle ~ cass 13 love he play . they eye meet . angle - ryan tt 's she ! he 's not happy to see she . it affect he , he unintentionally hook he bow in a violin string , it draw back , the bow act like a arrow , it jes 0.c. , " pingggg : '' . up and into the orchestra . without miss a beat . Ryan take another bow from a quiver on he back , do not miss a note . he 's back to total concentration . angle - cass Cass check she watch . one last look to the box . angry , she tear up the note . angle - ryan from behind play . we see Cass leave . in the f.g. the percussionist , with Ryan 's bow lodge in he chest , stagger by camera . angle - ryan his hair , and a huge amount of hair , be flopping to and for as he play . he see a rather upset Cass exit the theater . ext . goodhue seaside home - shoreline - simultaneous ~- night we hear the faint sound of Ryan 's play from the house . hibbing goodhue , handsome , mustach tycoon , dress in formal wear , a successful british businessman , sip he tea . look out to sea . a storm be brewing on the horizon . seal swim off in the surf , lie on the rock . but there 's something else about this stretch of water . he consult a map . he 's discover a secret . he look through a pair of binocular . we see a image reflect in the lens , a small sub rise out of the water . hibbing lower the binocular . he head back to the house . ext . goodhue tram - night hibbing be riding it up to the house . the music become louder . he crumple Ryan 's concert ticket . faint thunder . int . goodhue home hibbing be annoyed by the music . he turn the radio station . newscaster ( radio } the UN Secretary General , Sir Robert mckintyre , will be in Columbia Heights to give he anti-terrorist speech . 14 hibbing smile , how . fortuitous , this only con suspicion . newscaster ( radio} Sir mckintyre be instrumencal in get the UN to actually do something . he 's advocate that the world body form a international military action force , whose sole objective be to wipe out terrorist training basis around the world . he will be arrive on the twelfth of this month . hibbing look to the calendar . it read : ' this monch '' and the number " 10 " . he toss down the map . a red circle indicate a point offshore where the sub surface , and the word : " hylander " . and a series of number . angle - bar hibbing mix a drink . the station be turn back to Ryan 's concert . surprise , he turn . see someone 0.c . hibbing you have deceive I , have not you my dear ? the murder of the plastic surgeon mean nothing to I . he deserve it . but you never love I . I be just be use for my status and connection . you be go to kill the UN Secretary General , the assassin be come off a sub out there on my quiet shoreline . but you be not go to get away with it . the radio be cranke up loud , louder . hibbing ( cont would ) turn that damnable radio off ! ext . goodhue shoreline ~- night a dark figure , sean laughrea , craggy face , powerfully build , land ashore in a Zodiac . we hear the faint sound of the — goodhue 's radio and Ryan ' 's concert , and a gunshot . the dark figure pull a long knife from he sheath . his move bring 4 tiny '' squeak " frem he elbow . he speak into a headset . sean 1s ( irish accent , urgent ) caledonia to mother . baby chick stay home . angle - sub a second terrorist , in black balaklava , scurries back inside . he pull a huge bathtub stopper over the hatch open . Water rush over it as the sub submerges . angle - sean he 's angry about the turn of event . he flip down he night vision goggle . they be activate by a lamp - like pull chain . a infrared glow from the lens . angle - sean's Pov through night vision goggle see goodhue reacting to the bullet , he 's be hit . we can not see the killer . int . goodhue home - night hibbing be shot again . again and again . shot some more . bang , bang , bang , bang , bang ... he stagger . his glass be leak from multiple gunshot hole . at the bar he get a box of Johnson & Johnson band - aid strip . he be about to open they when he be hit with very rapid single fire . he slump against the bar . more shot as if from a automatic weapon . he lean on a chair . it 's on wheel . he slide across the floor . more shot . turn and slide the other way . more shot . slide back again . finally the bullet run out . we hear the fire pin , '' click , click " . Boy be he relieved . he take a cork from a bottle and plug up a bullet hole . a beat . then he 's hit by a succession of arrow . he drop to he knee . after a beat , a huge cartoon - like sledgehammer rap he on the head . he drop to the floor . c/uU snow a blizzard ? dissolve c/u snow scene slobe the snow be fall on a miniature chalet inside . c/u hibbing from mustache to chin hibbing ( hoarse whisper ) rosebud . 16 c/u hibbing hand the snow globe fall from he grasp . c/u snow globe Hit the floor and shatter . on the survive giobe base be write : '' be shot ? call rosebud Hospital 's . through che distort Pov through a break hunk of glass , we see a woman exit the house . we hear a car speed off . int . symphony hall Ryan play brilliantly . the music be soft , sweet , romantic , sad , so damn sad . we hear sobbing from the audience and orchestra . Ryan too be overtaken by emotion . his chin quiver , tear start the rell down he cheek , they fail onto the violin string , cause the string to vibrate with a " plink , plink " . it come at the perfect time in the music selection . ext . pacific ocean bluff - mercede ~- night thunder rumble . the car door be open , the radio on to Ryan 's performance . as we pan , we see we be at a isolate spot overiook the ocean . a opera glove hand toss a pistol into the dark water . several beat and we hear " plunk " . a moment pass as we person stand in reflection , contemplate the question , " be life over ? " , " have life begin ? " unfortunately the splash of the gun be quite formidable . it 's travel several hundred foot , and it douse we person . angle - cass revealed to be we mystery lady . she spit out a stream of water . int . symphony hall - ryan on he knee Jimmy hendrix style ... putti g lighter #luid on he burn violin . a big orchestra fi 4 ish and ... angle - audience all rise for a stand ovation . even a seal be applaud . one tuxedce male stage - dive , and be pass around , heavy metal concert style . angle - stage Ryan be spend . he 's give the debut of a lifetime . several set of room key be toss onto the stage . from che ience , éxclaim of " '' bravo ! , bravo ! he leek up hamtly to the goodhue cheater sox . he 's surprised to < be empty . he kas little @ to dwell on : of flower be hand to Ryan by a usher . a japanese gardener hand he a birch sapling . a white aprone butcher hand fim a side of beef . oh the adulation . int . backstage the applause still bring down the house . Ryan come off stage , he have a towel around he neck . famous box corner man , lou duva and burge meredith as he '' Rocky '' character , carry water and a stool , accompany he . he pass by a scene from '' the godfather ii " , the white suite local mafia don , fanucci , have the theater owner 's daughter at knife point , she father plead for she life . fanucci take time to congratulate Ryan , " bravo " . but Ryan have something on he mind . he approach harry , the old stage manager , who be clean out he pipe . ryan you be Harry , right ? harry I use to be , but I have go through extensive electrolysis . ryan there 's a message for I from Mrs. goodhue , Harry hand he a note . int . ryan's convertible - minute later - night a concerned Ryan drive . lauren ( v.0 . ) } {troubled} Ryan darling , hibbing know about we . he 's angry . he 's leave the city . I desperately need to see you . I be frighten . and I be out of milk . can you pick up a half gallon ? he lock on he dashboard where a 8x10 of lauren goodhue sit . it 's sign , " your in adultery , lauren . " Ryan think back : dissolve to : back ext . goodhue seaside estate - day breathtake piece of property with a unique glass home build in the hillside , a gather of ' the nos of the symphony " on the lawn . wealthy diplomat , dignitary , everyone be dress casual but upscale . super : three month and one day agc angle ~ ryan a immocent , naive Ryan , in @ wear suit and shoe , he carry a@ beat up violin case . wearing glass , conservative , shortish hairstyle , he drink a beer from a mug . finish , he set the mug on a tray , the weight cause the tray to fall out of the hand of the waiter , dump the content on the lap cf a socialite . angle - cass play croquet , hit a shot . back - up to add body finesse , and bump into Ryan . he 's not happy to see she . cass Ryan , about this afternoon ... ryan I have already forget we afternoon of love make and you dump I and break my heart because you love someone else . try to get he to forgive she . cass join we , please . ryan I have not play since che ' 92 glympics . he pick up a mallet , test it . his backsw knock over a table , startling the party geer . the mallet head be ; loosen , he swing forward , it fly off and hit a man in the head , he drop like a rock . Ryan rest the mallet on his shoulder , kKlunk a man in the back of he head , not 's S out coid . Cass have finisn another shot . Ryan walk to the ball . on the way he get a number of wicket stick around he ankle . ) angle ~ lauren and hibbing goodhue we meet lauren goodhue , the raven-haire , sexually charge wife of hibbing . they chat with guest . female guest hibbing , have you speak with Robert mckintyre now that he 's be name UN Secretary General ? hibbing we have be in constant touch since we day at ticklewood upon buttock . lauren spot Ryan . angle - lauren be Pov - ryan's butt removing the wicket , he 's bent over . and that butt be soooo tight . angle - ryan now the wicket be entangle around he hand . as lauren @ approach , we see the coldness between Cass and lauren . shake hand . hibbing approach . Cass smi cass Mrs goodhue , this be the man I tell you husband about . ryan Mrs goodhue . lauren . ryan ah , no , Ryan . bd ( T of les when she see hi obvious she and he be have a hot relationship . lauren my husband , hibbing goodhue . hibbing Mr Harrison . after the party , we will make music . 259 he make a point of x calculate gesture , she be crush . with Cass . in the process of satting down he mallet , Ryan ram it into the crotch cf a member of the arab Consulate . the abab diplomat fold in pain and drop to he knee . arab diplomat aaaceeeaaa . ryan {to lauren ) Muslim prayer . int . goodhue live room - day Ryan play he violin . hibbing accompany on the piano . he run down the key , and the keyboard be very long , really long , will it ever end ? as Ryan play , he see lauren , lovely , sensual . during a piano solo , Ryan emphase the music by whipping he bow in the air , " whoop , whoop " . the whipping movement make lauren tingly . she take a cigar from a ornate cigar box . rolis it in she finger . then over she thigh . now start to lick the tip suggestively . Ryan become a bit arouse . he be stand behind a end table , the drawer slowly start to open . he watch carefully as she bite off the tip of the cigar . aw , Ryan can feel that in he happy zone . the drawer quickly close . she love the effect she have have on he , she smile coyly , tobacco in she tooth . angle - ryan finishes the audition to nice applause . angle - lauren cranks a wheel , which have rubber hand attach to it , | wear white glove . they slap , more like a baseball card in the spoke sound , against a stationary hand , ' clap clap clap '' . : lauren I feel every finger movement . hibbing , what do you think ? she hand she husband the cigar . hibbing seem uninterested . he pick up he brandy snifter , fish swim in it , walk _te the bar . his back now to we . Ryan 's sense of it be he have fail . lauren hibbing and I have only be marry for two month . I be afraid I can not read he mood . 2i 6 ryan no need to apologize . ( heartbroken ) I ... I '1l be go . thank you for you time . he open he violin case , he take out a London fog coat , hat , and rain boot . put he violin inside . lauren Ryan ... ryan do not bother . I will show myself out . good day . he walk off . we hear a series of 0.c. crashing sound and glass breaking . angle o. hibbing turn around . he 's be steepe in think . hibbing Ryan , just a moment . when you have be in the porta-potty e game as long as I have , you can always smell a winner . he 's mix cocktail , with little umbrella in they . hibbing ( cont would ) it appear my wife be right , we have ourselves a musical protégé . he hand drink to lauren and a overjoy Ryan , who be shaking a wastebasket from he foot , lauren take Ryan 's drink from he . lauren Ryan want a real man 's drink . lauren remove flower from a vase . lauren ( cont no ) congratulation . she pour a bottle of vodka in the vase . open and stick a actual umbrella in the vase . e lauren ( cont ndl 22 Zr hope y bottom uw be . see chug she glass . hibbing I think this deserve a kiss do not you ? Ryan pucker up . quickly realize the kiss be mean for Mrs. goodhue . he unpucker . hibbing take one step toward she and she want nothing to do with he , she quickly hoid up 4 lot of luggage . a plane ticket in she mouth . lauren do not miss you flight . ext . goodhue home - driveway - minute later lauren and Ryan wave as hibbing drive off . lauren turn to Ryan . she 's hot for this guy . ryan will I be signing 2 contract ? lauren a simple handshake will do . he go to shake she hand . she take it , sensually lick '' between he finger . ryan I spill a root beer . she cradle he hand . lauren so soft . yet so powerful . they could crush I like a Marine in heat . he remove he hand . she want to kiss . he would love to , but he pull back . ryan please , no . my head be spin like a dreidel ina sandstorm . I should go . it 's hot out , and the leather seat be burn up . he get in he convertible . 23 lauren I be wear a thin skirt , let I cool that seat off for you . int . ryan be car - day Ryan take off the " bear trap " device ala " the Club " from the steering wheel . lauren get in next to he . kiss nim . her tongue actually come out he ear . lauren that 's some kiss . ryan I win a contest in the army . he open the car door . he can not go on . ryan you be a marry woman , and I be not . lauren you do not know what you be miss . I use to lick envelope for a live . that long manila one . as lauren slide out of the car , the envelope imagery sizzle in Ryan 's key erogenous zone , we see the car antenna slowly rise . angle - lauren walk toward the house . Ryan 's hand gently rest on . she shoulder . she know he could not let she go . angle - ryan he 's fifteen foot away , that 's one long arm . she run into he arm . . ryan this . be so wrong . but it feel so right . they kiss . ryan ( cont would ) ( a sensual whisper } i be not wear any underwear . lauren ( near orgasm ) oh ... they kiss . camera do a 360 around they , and around they ... che cameraman get dizzy , stagger , lean over , place down a bucket . as the camera be hold from he face , and shoot he and Ryan and lauren 's foot , we hear he vomiting . the flashback end : dissolve to : int . ryan be car - night Ryan drive . he 's on he car phone . as he drive , the cord get tangle in the steering wheel . lauren ( answer machine ) lauren or hibbing be not in . please leave a message . beep . ryan it 's Ryan , I get you note . I be minute away . the phone cord be hopelessly catch on the wheel . he just let it hang . int . goodhue live room - night thunder . Sean be check the murder scene . lightn illuminate Sean 's black - glove hand grab the map off the bar . light from a car . he duck out of sight . ext . goodhue home - night Ryan drive up . cell phone wrap around end dangle from the wheel . he exit the car , he coat drape over he shoulder , very continental , and wear a hat befit a true musical maestro and carry he violin case . he notice only one light on in the house . he do not notice a shadowy figure hurry by the window as he head around the back of the house . ext . poolside door - night Ryan find the door be ajar . ryan hellc ? no one in sight . he enter . the windchime tinkle im che breeze . a crash of lightning and thunder as he enter . int . goodhue live room - night 25 Sean stand in the shadow . he freeze when he hear : angle - ryan ryan darling ? Sean jump he from behind . for a moment Ryan feel good he arm : ryan mm , it feel good . but we can not live like this anymore . he soon realize it 's a intruder . a struggle ensue . the map with " hylander " fall from Sean 's hand . Ryan see it float into the light fireplace . the fight : during the fight Sean be in the shadow . in fact , no matter where he go or end up , he 's in a shadow . Ryan find that quite amazing . so Ryan can not make out who it be . lightning cast light into the room off and on during the struggle . Ryan be swing around and slam against the glass window , from the exterior we see he look like a human garfield ~ sucker to the window , he face mushed up against the glass . he 's pull off , but he lip , act like suction cup . stick , stretch , then snap . Ryan be spun against the wall , nose to nose with a painting , then drag to the floor . the map have be stomp on , and all the scuffling cause it to be kick under the couch , and out of sight . angle - floor - ryan and sean Sean be on top of Ryan . Ryan grab the guy 's arm . in the _ struggle , Ryan be mortify as he end up with a artificiai right arm . lot of wire , sparking , pulley . Sean stand up as do Ryan . Sean throw a leave . Ryan block it . Sean throw what would be a right . Ryan duck the '' miss arm " punch . Sean 's snatch the arm back and run . Ryan dive and tackle he . a artificial leg come off in he hand . and he see he be face - to- face with the decease . angle ~ hibbing Ryan be startle . jump to he feer . Sean snatch he leg back , throw a cushion at Ryan who struggle with it mightily as Sean hop away . Ryan n@lly throw off the cushion , get to he feer . catch up with Sean . 26 angle - sean have hastily put he leg and amm back of nowever ... che arm be where the leg should be and the leg be jamme into he shoulder . it look dumb . Ryan punch he in the face , a eye , attach to a spring , fall from Sean 's head . Ryan think he have the upper hand until not be hit on the head from behind with a fireplace shovel , ' twang ! '' he fall to the ground . he start to stir when a coffee table be tip over on he . Sean start to rearrange he part . he speak to a person 0.c . sean nannoy } where the hell where you ? ( indicate to hibbing ) this be a mess . he hoid up the map . sean he find out , I see . just as well , I would have have to kill he anyway . as for this sorry bastard ... angle - ryan out cold . his image outline be visible ala han solo 's encase in carbonite . sean ( 0.c. } we patsy be ready for the take . dissolve to : int . goodhue home - front door - next morning we hear a key turning in the door . ( the follow event occur at a quick clip ) . the housekeeper , marcie , enter . before she can close the door , she be startle , she put she hand to she mouth in the classic ' woman scream " mode , and let out a bloodcurdle scream . the room be ransacke . two body on the floor , ' the dead goodhue , and the uncomscious Ryan . she hear a bigger and more bloodcurdle scream . angle - live room lauren be stand at the top of the stair . marcie , rl startle , scream . lauren , not seei marcie , be startle . and she scream . 27 lauren marcie , call the police ! angle - marcie speed dial . police ( on phone ) Police . angle - front door the door be open . the matlman see the body and scream . startle marcie then lauren , and we hear the cop on the phone scream . Ryan moan . everyone scream at once . int . gocdhue live room - moment later Ryan lay on the floor . he start to come to . goodhue 's body lay beside he . a vulture sit nearby . angle - sgt orono sgt oronc , a young hot -shot , with other police and a coroner , be on the scene . they help Ryan to the couch . ryan I feel dizzy . crong put you head between you leg . Ryan drop he head between he knee . unfortunately - he ram he head on the coffee table . he go limp . ext . goodhue house - front door - later - day orono and a paramedic escort Ryan from the home . he 's be take into custody by the confident , precise , all business lt pergus fall . he have a slight Southern lilt to he voice . fergus ( to a cop ) Van atter , bring the blood sample to the lab . and do not go carry it around ail day . the female special agent , sgt bagley , approach . bagley 28 he have not ngerprint , a there be no fingerprint on any of the weapon . fergus and no fingerprint on the knife that kill the plastic surgeon yanock savack . I think we just might have we a serial killer . ( to the gather ) back , give we room here . Neighborhood type back up . and fall off a cliff . angle - news media horde of tv , radio and newspaper reporter . angle - ryan fifty microphone come out of nowhere , leave , right , from under frame , from the top of frame , of all type and size , include a vintage 30 's radio- type microphone , several boom microphone , and one large turkey leg . all be thrust at he , all hit he in the head , " thumb , bump , boop " , he drop out of sight . the cop help he to he foot and walk he through this gauntlet . the one question shout out time and time again be , " why do you murder hibbing goodhue ? " Ryan is __ confuse , scared . fergus and the cop get Ryan through the mob . - angle - ambulance lauren be question by sgt orono . lauren {tearful} Ryan and I be have sex for month . hot , steamy , sweaty sex . every part of my body . tingle . orgasm after orgasm ... orono ( take aback ) £ just ask for you name . lauren oh , lauren Marie goodhue , Mrs. hibbing goodhue . I be weak to Ryan 's charm . he want I to leave hibbing ... .he say he 23 would dream | the body bag contain hibbing goodhue be zipped up . revealing it 's a armani garment bag . lauren fall apart , consol by marcie . lauren why , why ? now I be go to have to start dating again . lauren burst into tear . angle - police car ryan you have to believe I . I have be wrongfully accuse . fergus guilt or innecence , it 's not my job . my duty be to bring in scum-suck punk , like yourself , who be accuse of a crime . a jury of twelve really stupid people who be easily sway by rich , fat cat , self serve , asshole lawyer , whoa will do anything but tell the truth , will sit in judgment of you ... it ' 's as american as a burrito . fergus do that hand on the prisoner 's head as he lead Ryan into the backseat of the patrol car , only the door be shut . Ryan rap he head , the door be open in he face , he flop inside the car . they drive off . the trunk have one of that sign you see on the back of a '' just married " car . but this homemade sign state : " just murdered someone " . tin can and old shoe hang from the bumper . SOUND : gavel bleed over : ext . county jail ~ night Ryan , scared , hand cuffed , along with other prisoner , march cto @ prison bus . judge ( v.0 . ) Ryan Jack Harrison of Jones , Indiana , you have be find guilty of murder . on August 58 prison , you shall have you sentence carry out . he watch as the bus 's " destination sign " be change from " disneyland " to " a hellish prison '' . a guard , a neck , tough , nose tackle kind of guy , ' however read : '' Mrs. Austin " ) , poke he with a trenchant to get on the bus . int . prison bus - night Ryan put the correct fare in the meter . go to he seat . the bus drive off . judge ( v.0 . ) you shall be execute buffet style . electrocute , lethally injected , and place before a fire squad , and may God have mercy on you soul , you bastard you ! we hear the slamming of a gavel . the gavel impact startles Ryan and echoes in he ear as he sit down . the bus pulis out . in the b , g. a airline stewardess be hand out bag of almond . he can not believe this be happen . ext . prison bus window ~ Ryan in a deep funk . stuck onto the window be a bounce garfield dress in prison clothes . ryan be Pov - road sign * food/lodge / execution -- next exit " . int . bus - angle on ryan how can this be happen ? wait ! a ray of hope ? angle ~ ryan nos Pov of " mccarty hospital " a blink sign read : " we specialize in artificial limb " . another sign : '' lose two limb , get one free ! '' . angle ~- ryan perk up . ryan the one -arm , one - legge . one - eye man ! ~ guard sitting behind the driver . guard shut up ! ryan ( try to reason} iowas set up by lauren . just like that time I be arrest for smuggle cocaine into Columbia . do not you see that ? guard quiet ! he jab he with he nightstick . Ryan have finally have enough . ryan how dare you , sir . guard how dare you , ryan no , how dare you . guard no , no , how dare you . ryan how dare you " no , no " . guard you dare to dare I ? ryan how dare you how dare I when I how dare you . the Guard be about to clunk Ryan on the head . int . prison bus '~ driver name tag say '' yorick " , look back at the altercation for only a few second . as he turn he attention back to the road , horror strike he . a banana peel in the road . he honk . panic . scream . shield he eve with he arm . ext . rural country road - prison bus front tire run over the peel . the bus swerve , it 's out of comcrol . 31 32 go rough the guardrail , and x , and roll , and ro int . prison bus guy tumble around like rag doll ( they be limp rag doll ) . int . prison bus last roll , the dust settles . Ryan , wear a seatbelt , be sit in he seat , hang upside down . after a beat , he undoe the belt . he forget about this gravity thing . he fall head - first the the ground . angle ~ ryan pop into frame . a wastebasket on he head . he pull it off . view the damage . we hear a con moan . con ( 0.c. } God no{ I be all wrinkle . int . prison bus everyone be alive , but because cf all the tumble , the tough Guard , the driver and the con have be knotted together . they be human pretzeis . angle - tough guard tough guard ( to Ryan ) untie us. ( desperate ) help . hold up the key . Ryan take they . angle - ryan unlock he handcuffs . lot of lock on each cuff . one cufti be keep on by one of that slide bolt and chain door lock . he 's finally free of he chain . as he bend down to help the victim , something out the window catch he eye , a light off in the distance , he think nothing of it . he unty leg that have be french - braid together . then he remember the Light . he spring to he feer . the light have get closer and he hear a train whistle . ryan ( familiar , but what be that sound ? ) woo woo ? 33 ext . prison bus - night it 's right on the railroad track . the bright light of the train be off in the distance . the trainn whistle sound a warning . int . prison bus - ryan he stuff victim out of the bust - out window . he look to the outer side~view bus mirror . the train light be get closer . the sound louder , more ominous . on the mirror be write : " object be closer than they appear . move you . ass ! " yipe ! he have to move faster . all the time the sound of the train be get closer and closer . the light shine brighter , illuminate the intericr of the bus . the last victim be out the window . ext . prison bus - ryan - night the train be only several ydrd away . ext . train - wheel lock , screeching , spark fly . whistle blaring . ext . prison bus - ryan Ryan jump free just as : int . prison bus train light blind we as the train hit the bus . push it down the track . ext . train - wheel it derail . tumble off down the steep hill . ext . steep hill - ryan Rolling . finally get to he foot . look back only to see : angle - steep hill ~- train gut of contrel , come at he . the bright light cbscure the engine . angle - steep hill - ryan 54 running like crazy , che i 7 i ind } he take 4 sharp right turn , the d i e@ same , " naw ! " he take a diversionary 1 q the train do the same , and stay right on he butt . how could this be possible ? he dive behind some boulder . angle - boulder - ryan cover he head , await the train . do not hear anything . all be quiet . Ryan peek around the boulder . the train peek around some boulder nearby . they see each other . the train whistle out a warning . take off toward Ryan , " cripe ! " Ryan run . the train back in hot pursuit . ext . county highway - night Ryan leap onto the road . the train right behind he . at a railroad crossing , he run along the track . ext . train wheel as luck would have it , the train hop back onto the track with loud squeal and squeak , and spark fly . ext . railroad track - ryan can not run anymore . he stop . turn . angle - ryan look into the glare of the train light . we hear the hyper dinging of a close - by crossing gate . angle - ryan and train just as it approach he , it take a turn . angle - train it follow a bend in the track , and be head off into the night . angle - ryan relieved , tired , safe at last . he start to laugh . he beat the train . and he 's free ! as the laugh build , from out of nowhere the crossing : gate come down , hit he om the head . laugh stop . he drop like a rock . ext . wood - prison bus wreck - hour later tow truck and road crew be clean up the wreck . ambulance and paramedics be tend to the injure con , driver and tough Guard , State Police be also on the scene . 35 angle - bystander watch from behind yellow police tape . push herself to the front of the lookie-loo be Cass . at one point the yellow police tape end , and barb wire and World war it german soldier stand guard . angle - police car pull up . Lt. Falls get out , as do he assistant , sgt crono and sgt bagley . they take note , snap to it when he give erder . Police photographer be do they job . fergus catch a quick lock at Cass as she walk off . do she look familiar ? fergus what have I get ? listen be a trooper wear one that '' smokey '' hat . a hat that have a brim twice the size of the other . fergus can not help but focus on that stupid hat . sgt orono ( hold up empty cuff and chain ) one prisoner be miss , Ryan ... fergus nremember he ) Harrison . damn ! he 's kill the driver . sgt bagley yorick . fergus poor yorick , I know he well . {to all ) we get we a murderer on th loese . listen up ! . angle ~ bystander and cass Cass seem relieved to hear Ryan be free . she head for she car . angle - fergus on the move . fergus 36 ill be on foot , and a man that tired , a man possibly hurt , would have a stride of four foot , two and three quarter inch wear boxer short , four foot even with the restriction of a brieZ . he 's im prison garb , t-shirt , shoe weigh two pound three and one half cunce . we be lock at a ( wet and hold up he finger ) five mile wind from the north . humidity fifty - seven percent . which mean he will cover four mile in one hour . he 's have a one and three quarter hour lead on we . bagley , {to bagley ) get I roadblock around a ten mile radius . ( to trooper in big hat ) set up communication with all law enforcement , that 's state , county , and city . ( the orone ) get I Governor carlson , I may need the National Guard . nstop a cocktail waitress carry a drink tray ) diet Coke , no ice . {to all , look to the sky } the sun all be up in twenty - one Minutes , eighteen second . people , I want this Harrison before noon ! ext . area backyard - morning Ryan run through a series of backyard , pluck clothes off a clothesline . grab a apple from a tree . while run . he 's eat the apple and change he clothes . hopping out of he pants . hopping inte another pair . while pull 4 shirt over he head , he lose sight of where he be and bang into a tree . we get a look at he stclen clothes , a woman 's plouse and a pair of jeans a few inch too small im the waist . he quickly regains he sense . & dog come at he , snarling , bark . Ryan jump over a fence . good . a man 's 37 5 jacket hang from a garden shed . take a step , right on a vake , it come up and hit he in the head . ext . " roman be " gas station and bait shop - moment late a tired , sweaty , thirsty Ryan , jacket now on , approach . he 's try to pull himself together . he call out to the station owner , roman , who be work on the engine of a car . ryan my car break down a bit up the road . I ’ma little thirsty , can I get some water out of you hose ? roman onod to pump area} right over there . angle - ryan put the hose in he mouth . angle ~- roman add a can of oil to the car . we hear a rush of AIR fill what seem to be a huge balloon . curious , Roman turn to see : angle - ryan hose in he mouth , he cheek puffed out to almost burst . roman ( never see this before ) that 's the air hose . Ryan pull the hose from he mouth . as he do , the air escape , with that deflate balloon sound , he lip flap , '' pppppppp " . Roman see this be a really strange guy . . a police squad car be drive down the street . Ryan enter Roman 's to duck out of sight . int . " roman be " ~ day bait , live and artificial , lot of fishing gear , pole , etc . pred be wait to pay for a new lure . Ryan quickly look over the pole . test the play in they . he whip the pole behind he head and bring it forward as if he 's casting . the line have catch onto pole , hip wader , lure , a sunglass display ; they go whipping over he head and into the far wall . 38 ryan have a good feel to ik . roman ( jibe to fred} still fishing off Gray 's Bay ? ( snicker ) fred I do see a man get off a sub and head for the goodhue place . roman after how many beer ? Ryan find this very interesting . ryan the night of the murder ? fred yeah . Ryan realize he 's draw attention to himself . Roman check Ryan out . Ryan spot he " want " poster on the wall . a dead ringer picture of himself , stare right at he . vipe ! ryan I will take this rod . I will write a check . you have a pen ? Roman warily hand he one . as he give Fred he change , Ryan draw big , buddy Holly glass , a long ZZ top beard , and black out a few tooth on the " want " poster . he finish as Fred exit . Roman , drink a cup of coffee , approach . roman T have never see you in Columbia Heights before , mr...? Ryan look past he to the corkhoard . we see a few of the brand name he start tick off for he story . ryan Waxworm . I be bear elong the shore of the eurc larvae viver in rapala . 35 Roman glance at the strange look ant " poster . ryan ( cont would ) couple of husky jerk bring I to spoon plug , South dakota , near timberdoodle . Zebco brother , smitlick and fat cat . the swiss and baby lunker they call they , real jitterbugs . I just remember I can not go fishing today . I have a big meeting in menzrum . ( pronounce mens room : " menzrum * I would forget my genitals if they be not superglue between my leg . oexplain } water-skieng accident . he start to leave . Roman pull a gun . roman do not move , Harrison ! Ryan be about to raise he hand when Roman push he aside . Roman 's gun be train on : angle - man '' Big buddy Holly glass , long 2Z top beard , and a few black cut tooth . he look exactly like Ryan 's alteration on the poster . angle - ryan quietly exit . angle ~- roman as he dial 911 he eye focus on a corkboard , and as in " the usual suspect " , it hoid Ryan 's story . name of lure , rod , bit and tackle : Waxworm , Euro larvae , float rapala , husky jerk , spoon plug , timberdoodle , Zebco , smitlick , fat cat , swiss lunker , baby lunker , jitterbugs , and mens room , which Ryan pronounce '' " menzrum ' . Roman drop he coffee cup in slow motion . tt crash to the floor . he 's be hand a story . ext . goodhue home - day as a bus pull away , Ryan cautiously approach the house . a van , '' davey 's lawn Care " be park , no lawn person im sight . 48 ear the sound of mowing from the shoreline lawn . make sure mo one be watch . he peek in a window . look for a huge key , inside which conceal a small rac he take the rock and throw ic through the door glass , unlock the door . enter . Ryan int . goodhue home - day Ryan look around . flash of bright light a quick moment of the Ryan and Sean fight . ryan remember the horror of it all . flash of bright light more fight . tussle , grapple . two of the position Ryan and Sean be in look rather sexual , a roll on the floor 69er , and doggie style . flash of bright light a woman skip-repe naked from the waist up . ryan '' have no idea what the hell that flashback be about . flash of bright light piece of paper burn in the fireplace . ryan from the fireplace he take out fragment of a char map , with the red circle spot . ryan submarine . and ' the name hylander . and that series of number . a noise of a key in the door . Ryan hide . angle - front door Cass enter . she 's grab by the arm and swing face - to- face with Ryan . a harder , wiser Ryan . cass it 's you ! 4l he grab she wrist . Ryan with a , ryan geshundteit . ryan a key ! cass oh , yo no sabe usted hable espanol . ryan cut the french . you let yourself in . cass I be a friend of lauren 's . ryan friend ? she 's just the person I want to talk to . you popeil pasta maker be grind out fettuccini lace with lie . I may be a pirate , a poet , a pawn and a king , I have be up , down , over and out , but I be no chump . why be you here ? cass no one 's be in the house since hibbing 's death , so ... ryan the killer always return to the scene of the crime , that 's what you be think , be not it toot ? cass T never say that . . ryan someone say it . . cass you just do . ° oh yeah , right " look . cass I want to look for clue . 42 ryan that and a cup of coffes , get you a dime . cass I think you be innocent . ryan I have let my guard down twice in my life . twice bitten and a penny short . he cover we view of Cass . the actress lean around he awkwardly to be include in the shot . ryan ( cont would ) all I have be a one way ticket to palookaville , but then this oyster be at my foot . people stand , bravoe , they ovate . I be somebody , I be a contender . now I get white flash and bit of burn paper to clear my name . cass you have get more than that , Ryan , you have I . ryan I have be Mr doormat long enough . a woman have wipe she foot on I for the last time . and from where I be stand , you be a woman , from you tip to the top of you head . and lady , this pooper scooper be through be stick with all the crap . this petting zoo for chump be close for good . stay away . this rooster do not crow for anyone . he exit . she quickly run to the answer machine . pop out the tape . ext . goodhue home ~- day we hear 4 siren ! it 's fergus. light flash . Blocks the drive . angle - drive 43 fergus , bagley and orone burst out of the car . the car be the big police emblem with the motto and to protect " . the car roll forward as fergus fergus the bus stop in front of Roman 's be the 550 Express tc the Public access Beach . scour every inch of the area . orono , chase the car , put it in park . orono run off . fergus ( cont would ) bagley , I want everyone interrogate . surname , mickname , last name , 's confirmation name . do foctprint analysis , DNA , throat culture ... a amply endow lady rollerblade by . he barely look at she . pergus ( cont would ) bra size . I will see who belong to that truck . go! go! go ! ext . goodhue home - day fergus be look in the truck as Ryan , he back to we , wear a '' davey 's * jacket and cap , be work away with a weedwhacker , Ryan work he way around the back of a fence , he cut down each picket one by one , then a lamppost , a mailbox , a stand of flower . he notice he 's cut the tip of he shoe off . the fray leather expose he sock . angle - fergus fergus - {into cell phone ) I will need further unit , a road block , and a copter . fergus notice the cut up fence . fergus Harrison ? {could he have be ? ) where 's that gardener ? fergus draw he gun . run down the che house , unseen . ext . highway - day Ryan run across the busy street . angle - ryan a truck sound its horn , will he stop in time ? Ryan lay down . the truck pass over he . he 's unscathed . but 4 closely follow street sweeper come by and he get catch up in the brushes . he twirl around from brush to brush . finally the ordeal be over . he stand . angle - fergus Calling out to bagley and orono : fergus that be we man ! he , bagley and orono converge on a dizzy Ryan . int . cass car - day Cass see fergus and he gang almost on top of Ryan , who be too dizzy to run straight . ext . STREET - day Cass drive , purposely cut fergus , bagley and orono off . they stop as she pass by . fergus get a quick look at the car . and now no Ryan . orono she mean to do that . bagley woman . angle ~- fergus see a manhole cover be off , hear splashing of foot . fergus gotta gopher . ( as he enter the manhole , he 's snap order ) spread out , sse where this come out . 44 48 ( he 's out but pop hi up for one more thing ) call the Department of ... never get to finish . oreno toss the manhole cover back on , clobber fergus on the head . we hear a echoing " flannggg ! " int . cass car Cass have observe . she take out a '' sewer of the City " guide map , peel out . int . drainage tunnel fergus be hold he head , gun in hand . he 's wear he official police water - wing as he run through the tunnel . splash , splash , splash . camera be locked off . we have fergus and Ryan run up and down the tunnel , back and forth criss -crossing , always just miss each other . a' lot of splash in the water . at one point , Ryan slide down a tunnel , lay on he back , he arm fold , it 's like a waterslide . he end up at a wire off end of the tunnel that be pile high with debris . he tear off the fencing , freeing the jam up , a huge boulder roll at he . Ryan run , the boulder on he heel . he grab onto a root and swing as the boulder pass under he and roll 0.c. to the SOUND cf huge bowling pin be knock down . fergus hear this , run . angle - tunnel Ryan run , pull up just in time . angle - ryan's Pov the tunnel drain into the dam spillway . we see he foot ; hang over the edge of the pipe . his toe rip through he shoe and grip the pipe edge . to check the situation out , he lean forward , at a impossible angle . he slowly straighten up . angle - ryan he 's trap . fergus ( 0.c. ) hand up ! panic . he raise he hand . 46 angle - fergus gun train on Ryan . reach behind he belt , we expect handcuffs , but he pull out a large pair of leg shackle , and ball and chain . fergus it 's over , Harrison . ryan T have be wrongfully accuse ! it 's the one -arm man . he could have be in a sub off geodhue 's shoreline . there be amap . the name hylander ... fergus {not interested ) you have be convict of murder and have kill twice since then , I be take you in . Ryan look over the edge . ryan no ... fergus come toward Ryan . Ryan fill with resolve . ryan no ... I ' be not go back . Ryan turn around . angle ~ ryan gain a bit of courage . hold he nose . leap , but have forget about the low height of the tunnel , he jump up instead of forward . he bang he head into the tunnel ceiling , he 's unconscious on he foot , he wobble , fall . fergus run to the edge and see : ext . huge dam Ryan inside the torrent of water which roar into che spillway . '' adventure of ryan in the river : he pop up , a fish be in he mouth , he spit it out . with a salmon at he side he try to wriggle up the spillway . the raging river be toe strong , it take he down stream . he . slam into and be drag over every possible rock and log in 47 of obvious be " , a the river , inclu i into a buoy it 's a dummy ) . finally he go over " Big muth enormous drop . ext . lifeguard stand at river' edge - day there sit a female lifeguard ala '' baywatch '' . the young , nubile beauty point cut into the river . grab she life buoy , run . we now do a shot - for~shot parody of the '' baywatch '' open . but add a lot more gratuitous butt , breast , and pec shot . Ryan be nowhere to he find . ext . spillway - later we see fergus and he pecple . fergus be upset . pergus this river empty into Sullivan Lake , which have four island , a average depth of 23 foot and a playland with a merry - go- round not unlike the one in the 1973 delightful redford , Newman romp , " the sting " . winner of seven oscar . the sequel do not have the heart nor the story . and Mac Davis , please . I want cop up and down this river . a dozen diver . sheriff 's boat thick as gator on a drown man . people , find this fugitive ! ( aside to bagley ) what the hell be all that hylander and sub stuff about ? ( mm ) orono , get I the ccast Guard . orono stand by one of that WWII signal light that communicate between ship . he flash off a signal . fergus hylander ? int . dank apartment ala the '' get ready for the kidnap '' montage from '' ransom " . Quick cut to : bed with handcuffs attach to the bed post . drill a peep hole through the door . Space heater be turn om . a spice rack be put om the wall . a hand with " B -o - b - b " tattooe to the finger put up insulation . thac hand we reveal belong to bob vila , who be hard at work . 48 int . kidnap room Sean be ready . he snap on the ty . ang 's - ty we see the UN 's ROBERT mckintyre , wave to a crowd . sign read : " welcome UN guy " . greeting a few dignitary . a newsperson , don , be on the scene . don ( tv ) Cindy , as you see , the UN Secretary General , Sir Robert mckintyre , have arrive in Columbia Heights . he will be speak tomorrow at husset Park , in the " celtic day '' celebration . angle - sean he diais a phone . place he " voice box scrambler '' over the mouthpiece . sean {female voice , very Jennifer tilly , it 's wrong ) it 's shamrock . {he adjust the sound to a deeper masculine voice ) tt 's go . one hour . and count down . he hang up . turn to : angle - lauren slip into a red wig . she look beautiful , and deadiy . in 4 micro-second she assemble she automatic weapon , load , and cock the bolt . a stove timer go off '' ding " . she turn to the stove and , oh so martha Stewart , bastes beautifully prepare cornish game hen . what a woman ! Sean reach for 4 bird leg . lauren snap back to the harden terrorist , and butt he with she weapon . he fail out of frame . ext . isolated road ~ half hour later pe Ryan be wet , exhaust but free . or be he ? a car pull '' front of he , cut he off . it 's : ext . cass car 46 he throw open che door . several map all over the interior . Ryan be startle . 2 cass ( urgent , the Ryan ) there 's a police helicopter in the sky . the SOUND of a helicopter off in the distance , he jump into Cass 's car . she drive off . int . cass car she drive and hand he : cass ( hand he pants , shirt , jacket ) Change into this . I be sure they be you size . ( hand he shoe ) they do not go with the shirt but I think they will do . owear a oven mitten , she hand he a steaming casserole dish ) tuna casserole . I think you might be hungry . ( mand he a flame dessert ) I hope you will have room for dessert . angle - ryan really beat . Fish flopping up and down off he lap . ryan I need someone to believe in , Cass . I need a friend . she kiss he . , he put he arm around she . Water pour from the sleeve . ryan iocan 's tell you 1 tongue thi ext . cass condo - day Cass 's car pull into the parking garage . int . cass loth floor condo ~ day 5 @ in the lock . Cass open the door , Ryan 's and bolt the door . then he look out the window . pull the shade . pull the shade on a second window . pull a shade over a landscape painting . pull 2 shade over the front door . he look the place over painting be frame around the room , mostly of will lake , landscape . cass make yourself comfortable . ( lighten the moment ) if you feel like buy a painting , make a offer , or if you care to pay my rent , feel free . thing have be a bit slow lately . Ryan have be check into and behind everything . . cass I still live alone . there 's nothing to be afraid of . she take he out on the patio . ext . balcony - day the city and bay lay before we . cass we be ten floor up . no one can see you . Ryan start to relax . male voice ( 0.c.} ( from street } hi , Cass . who 's you new friend ? Ryan draw back from the rail . ryan ( frustrated ) T can not relax . I be the hunt one . every time I think I be out , they pull I back in . no , I can not do this to you . cass Zowant you to do this to I . you can not face this alone . St she put she hand on he . he turn great . cass Ryan , I can help . I take this tape from hibbing 's answer machine . lauren say she never write a note , you never call she . this be proof you do . he go to take it . but she pull it back . ryan to the cop there 's no proof in this pudding . I 'ma cornere badger , ‘il : live by my wit , I will eat my young . I have to clear myself . I have to find the one -arm , one - legge , one - eye man . cass we will . what do you find at the house ? he place the burnt map on a patio table . she sit . he join . ryan this refer to a sub . hylander ... cass a code . here , this ... the number : 051297 . cass license number ? lottery ticket ? wait . she make slashes with a pen : '05/12/97 " . cass a date ? ryan jermaine Jackson 's birthday ? cass tome mot sure . a2 a whisp of heir hang over she rehead . he gently oush it off she forehead . a like lock of hair hang from Ryan 's head . she brushes it back . ryan I have to move on . here 's look at you , kid . you be the thing dream be make of . but I and woman , we be like fire and water , flammable and wet . he kiss she on the forehead , leave a big red lipstick mark . he enter the condo . she follow . int . cass condo ~ day Ryan collapse from exhaustion , he swoon . she grab onto he . cass you be exhaust . I will give you a sponge bath , a brace enema , and make you something to eat . put you weight on I and I will take you into the bedroom . he do . no way she can hold he . they fall out of frame . a candy dish from a coffee table fly into the shot . ext . isolated road ~ day it 's where Cass pick up Ryan . the squad car be park nearby . fergus , bagley and orono search the roadside . bagley a picnicker say she see a man , wet and drip , walk this way . fergus Gather all the leave for trace evidence . shoot and gut every animal in the park , the stomach content might contain dropping , something that could be a clue . donate the meat to charity . the hide be to be make into warm sock for the poor . the bone ground inte dog foed . I want nothing waste . here we be . Fresh tire track , of 4 kind find 33 on the new mercede sedan , a @ car of choice ya pretty , young , professional woman . someone cool , calm , beautiful , someone in the art , photographer , painter . a woman who have a mysterious past . I feel it . I be as sure about that as I be that 's a anaconda . a huge snake attack bagley . they wrestle . the other keep move on . she finally shoot it . fergus ( cont ‘'d } a man 's footprint , depth of print indicate the height and weight of Harrison . imprint there indicate he 's carry change in he right pocket , a dime and a quarter . I be right . woman 's print . slender , firm thigh , in she 20' . {of course } the woman in the mercede that . cut we off fit she to a tee . @ license number be jld738 . davy crockett die for we sin , he 's have someone help he all along . cali motor vehicle , get she address . orono we will pick she up . fergus no , there 's a better way to find out what a woman know . orono take she to dinner and a movie , lie to she and say you . love she ? bagley answer she cell phone . fergus that work , but not in this case . we stake out she place . she will lead we to Ryan Harrison . @ bagley offer fergus the phone . 54 bagley Cass Lake . say she know where Ryan be . with she . int . cass bedroom Ryan sleep . open phone book on the nightstand . he wake as he hear a door quietly close . startle , he sit up . it must have be Cass . he notice carve into the headboard , '' Ryan ( heart ) Cass * . he feel comfortable be here . he notice Cass leave a change of clothes . and food be on a tray . spaghetti , he favorite . he turn on the tv . he do the fork twist in the spoon thing as he watch . angle - tv a commercial . the image be elderly people , slip and fall in a arena ice rink . announcer ( 0.c. ) henningsen and sach present " Old people on Ice '' now through November at the marnie Ice Arena . newscast come up . with key graphic . we newscaster , cindy : cindy ( ty ) for thirty - six hour Ryan Harrison , three time murderer , have be a fugitive . Lt. fergus Falls be head the world - wide manhunt . Police helicopter , dog , psychics , and thousand of police be involved . plus million of average citizen who would give they leave nut to come up with that fifty ~ thousand dollar reward . and who could not use that income ? a couple on a fix income . a teacher . especially a struggle artist . I personally would not trust one of that for a million dollar . angle - ryan " artist ? ’... he 's hear enough . why would not Cass turn he in ? he 's twisted the spaghetti around he fork , the whole plate of spaghetti . it 's all the way up he arm . it 's like a ss spaghetti mufi . he slice out < or almost shut . he open it . Cass be spea g soft phone . it 's a hushed conversation . he can ' : hea . the remote . mute the set . as he do , we see the newscaster , Cindy continue talk . then realize no sound be come out of she throat . she yell . still she can not hear anything . she panic . she yell for help . the stage manager come onto the set . as he talk the Cindy , he toc realize he have no voice . they both panic . Ryan have hear Cass say " no , he 's alone . " he close the door quietly . he have to know more about Cass . he search she dresser drawer . under a lot of very racy underwear , he find a scrapbook . look through it . insert - scrapbook articles about she painting . clipping about Ryan : his rise to stardom . his murder conviction . a wedding announcement of hibbing goodhue and lauren , and a society column headline : '' successful businessman and worthless shit Wed 's . finally 2 page from " the other Daily newspaper 's . angle - ryan look it over . we see a article headline : " this be not the Story you want '' . another headline read : '' Story you want be at bottom of the page " . he see it . c/u paper - article on : brody Kelley , inventor of large print alphabet soup for senior citizen , former riverdance dancer , and accuse murderer and smuggler , be find hang in he cell last evening . well , not hang in the anatomical sense , but - actually hang , as in kill himself . Kelley be convict when he boat , contain gun and ammunition destine for Northern Ireland , be blow up in bey Bay . a second man be injure , but never find , presume dead . angle - ryan ryan -( to himself ) second man be blow up . {could it be ? ) the onenarm , one - leage , oneney man ? back to the article . o/u article 56 '' that 's all you have c se you do not have to read any more of this article . picture the story . 25 be Mrs. xelley , he can not make she out . sut it 's a red haire woman in a crowd at graveside . could it be : ryan Mary Kelley ? angle - ryan he can not believe it . he take out he picture of Mary Kelley . it 's she ! he also find letter from Mary Kelley to Cass Lake . letter postmark from Northern Ireland . and surprisingly article and picture of he first trial and the escape , under he real name Robert decker . what he do n’® see be a article that fall to the floor . c/u article on floor '' Dr. yanock savack be arrest for perform surgery enable note criminal to ... " Cass 's foot accidentally step on the story . as she : angle - cass . enter . she have a gun . Ryan panic . before anything be say , there 's pound on the front door . cass it 's the police ! Ryan believe he 's be betrayed . to make a quick exit , h toss a jar of face powder at she . but it blow back in he face as he have toss it in the direction of a fan . he scoops up the answer machine tape from the dresser , and the cloud mask he retreat into the bathroom , pass the tv where paramedics be tend to the newscaster and stage manager 's throat . of course the paramedics can not hear each other talk . they keep gesture , '' what ! I can not hear you ! " . int . bathroom a window be a bit out of reach . he walk 0.c. we hear 4 mighty ripping SOUND , a splash of water . walk into frame be Ryan , carry the toilet . Cass be pound on the decor . cass ( 0.c. ) Ryan , you can not get away , Ryan place the toilet under the window , step on it , climb out the window . int . cass live room - day s7 fergus , orono and bagley burst in , gun draw . ext . cass bathroom window - day Ryan see a large hamper contain rag below . he have no choice . he jump . ext . cass condo - front yard - hamper Ryan flop inside . the lid clamp shut . two man in protective suit , complete with hood , gas mask and rubber glove , wheel the hamper to the back of they truck . in the b.g. we see " Bell Day Care Center " . the hamper be dumped into the truck . int . truck Ryan tumble out . he emit a big sigh of relief and then : " blaa ! * he 's in a mound of brownish , yellowish , stain white cloth . whoa and the stink ! the door be close . leave we with a panicked look on he face . ext . truck ~ men the sign on the door read : " rosener diaper service -- you shit ' em , we clean ' em ! " the truck drive off . int . cass bedroom - day fergus break in . but no Ryan , no Cass . fergus we throw a shoe each time we start to gallop . grab a frame photo of Cass . fergus . this be Cass Lake . face of a angel . tag and log everything . I want carpet fiber , people . vacuum ! ext . rosener diaper build - day the truck pull up . the man , still mask and glove , open the back door . we do not sse Ryan as they grab a bundle of diaper and head for the building . Ryan , blue from holding he breath , hop out from under the pile . bolt we of the truck . 38 angle - ryan take he first breath . a huge gasp of air . plant sway in the intake . he hurry away from the truck . he smell mighty powerful . Flowers will as he pass by they . as he pass under a tree , a bird , still hold on to a branch , flop into view from above . Ryan pass a outdoor newsstand . angle - newsstand as he walk by , he grab magazine . each magazine he pass burst into flame . Ryan duck into a alley . ext . alley Ryan tear out the perfume add and rub they over he body . then he see : ext . " mccarty hospital " - day a rather large complex . a blink sign read : " we specialize in artificial limb " . another sign : " lose two limb , get one free ! " . " leg leg leg ! " the perfect place to search for the killer . angle - ryan as he cross the street , we see a car drive into the hospital parking lot . lauren at the wheel of the car . banner welcoming the UN General Secretary hang from lamppost . ext . " mccarty hospital " - ambulance entrance ~ day nearby be a '' amundson Glass co . '' truck . the " sperm donor night deposit box " be very visible to we . very lictle activity . angle - ryan see a way in . grabs.a white paramedic 's coat from 4 cab of a ambulance ... or so he think it be . he enter the hospital . a sign on the door read : '' no shirt . no shoe . no surgery '' we see he have a lab coat with " hemak meat Co. " on the back . int , emergency room nothing go on . Ryan walk in . put a stethoscope around he neck . he read the call board : " record " be on floor 5 . suddenly we hear multiple siren , sound of tire screeching . paramedics wheel in what seem like a endless stream of 59 Ryan i en i ht in the middle a madhouse . & im up to Ryan . nurse thank God you be here ... ( read he meat co coat name badge , " sanchez " , she assume : } ... Dr sanchez . because of cutback , you be the only person on duty . ryan no , no ... a huge security guard look at he askew . Ryan feel he better play along . toss out tv doctor thing ... sort of . ryan start I fifty v.c.s of gemilitarize veldilhum . save the helminium for the NFL pre - op sodium chloride multi-grain aldagram . a paramedic be administer a drip . ryan ( regard the iv drip ) let I adjust that . he adjust the drip rate . the damn thing empty in second . liquid pour from the patient 's ear . ryan bounce from patient to patient make he way to the elevator . the security guard watch he very closely . Ryan place the stethoscope on odd part of the body as he order : ryan ' appendectomy . tonsillectomy . lance that . nindicate a man ) to maternity . to o.r. ( indicate oid lady } to drug rehab . ( eumn out of hospital place ) ah , to cafeteria . to gift shop . 58 paramedic this man 's be shot time . ryan over there in the ten bullet or less lane . ( to another patient ) nurse , administer 200,000 cc 's of adrenalin . nurse but ... angle - ryan speak to the o.c. nurse . ryan but ? damn you '' but ! " this be a human life ! 200,000 cc 's ! a huge bucket of water douse the patient . paramedic 2 Doctor , you would better see this . a woman , cover in a sheet , be in stirrup . ryan ah , no thanks . he 's at the elevator . angle ~ security guard stop Ryan . everyone be so busy in er , they do not see : security guard I would like the speak with you . - ryan yes . just let I take off this ... Ryan cast out the stethoscope , it hook in the Security Guard 's ear , Ryan yank he toward he , punch he in the face . grab he gun , stick it in the back of he waistband . drag he in the elevator . Doors close . ext . 5 th floor elevator 61 Ryan get : handcuff . angle - security guard 2 saw the guard in the elevator . he come at Ryan . security guard 2 hey you ! Ryan reach for the gun in he waistband , but it falis inte he pants . a fight start . during it , the gun hang in the seat of Ryan 's pants . it look like he 's carry a major accident in he underwear . he make repeat dip into he pants to retrieve it , but can not fish it out . he finally unzip he pants and shove he hand around inside he short , try to grab the thing . a very odd sight to Security guardg 2 . the best Ryan can do be stick the barrel out of he fly hole . Security Guard 2 finally nas the drop on Ryan but : angle - cass knock he out with a bed pan , " twangggg " . cass Quick . they drag Security Guard 2 into a examine room . int . examining room Ryan have the gun from he pants . ryan of all the hospital in all the world , you have get to walk into mine . she hold up the yellow page she rip from the phone book . mccarty Hospital have be circle in pen .. cass it 's lucky you leave this behind . ryan ( sweet , tender } do not speak . ssssh . put you hand in my pocket . cass what be I look for ? 62 ryan '' nothing , just miss you , baby . cass I hope you would say that word . Ryan , I ... love you . he clap he hand , back away , with a smug , " aha , get you " feel . ryan ( sarcastic , very bogart in attitude , snap out the dialogue at a breakneck speed ) you believe I just now , do not you ? you be light up like Dennis rodman at Christmas . ( mock ) " I love you . " you be good , you be very good . grab she by the shoulder . @ mean you shamus bloodhound can not be far off . cass I do not call the police . ryan you eat with that mouth ? you be deal with my heart . and my heart be not just a aviscus of cardiac muscle that maintain the circulation of my blood and be divide into four cavity , two atria and two ventricle . it 's that big red , bloody thing that hold my love . you say you believe I innocent at you condo . then you make a call , pull a gat and sicced johnny Law on I , cass the gun be for you e protection . and I call the airline , ryan put on & sweater . say , 63 to want to get you out of the country . chile . Airlines she my protection she say . I wish I have a Quarter pounder with cheese every time I have hear Chat old chestnut . lies be like bananas , they come in big yellow bunch . well , I have get the blender on liquefy , and I be make you up a4 good old fashioned dose of reality smoothie . you know ira gunrunner . cass no , no , not reaily ... ryan one get blow to bit . and he 's the one -arm , one - legge , the guard moan cass . she whacks he without look , one -ey killeri *fwan 's . you read a article about a man name brody . know my mother , I my father , dog . I never know mother , a father , it 's not what you ryan I , think ? I quit day ago . but the spin up here , ( point to -head} I think he might be my father . abandon as a child . I be it never never know I never know my I hada or a dog . think think wheel be baby , he and they be kick up crush rock as I peel out and speed toward you , little nutcracker princess . I '' Robert decker , you seé , kitten , the whose be dance to you suite . Im a gesture of affection , she place she hand on he head , unfortunately over he ear . he can not hear . 64 cass yes , cf course , it be you eye , I know I know you . ryan netenyahu ? she remove she hand . cass I know I know you . think you would be set up . I follow you story . I find you . I take you to savack . but when I go back , you be go . ryan this be all so confusing . so far it seem to I , no one seam to be who they seem to be. cass huh ? he have she shoulder . ryan I have so little time to get this job do . where I go , you can not follow . I be not try to be noble but it 's like one big hill of bean . either way , I be go to trust you . Cass have a hard time follow that . moan from the Guard . another '' wan " . int . hospital - outside record room Ryan and Cass see a sign hang on the door : '' back in ten Minutes '' . he cry the door . lock . a idea . he gesture for Cass to give he a hairpin . she act as the lookout as he stick the pin in the lock . jiggles it around . the kmob and docr plate crash to the floor . the damn thing be still lock . Cass point out the duct work in the ceiling . Ryan see two workmen carry a pane of glass to replace 4 view window in the nursery . they be use that hand suction cup . a idea begin to stir in Ryan 's brain . angle - workmen join by Cass . she stand in front of they . 65 cass guy , do I need breast implant ? whip open she blouse . the workmen block we view . but " Zowlel " '' angle ~ ryan see they be distract . Ryan dislodge the suction device . he walk off with they . on the way , he accidentally sucker onte the wall . in pull it off , he suction onto a food cart . a janitor throw open a door . as it swing open , to block it from hit he , Ryan hold up the suction , and he sucker onto the door . pull they off and suction onto he crotch , yank , yank , yank . the janitor watch , it 's very strange look . Ryan yank some more , the janitor move on . finaily the suction be freed , " pop ! '' aw. Ryan enter : " to Air condition '' . int . examination room 2 dr see , white haire , half glass , lab coat , enter with a artificial leq . dr see here we be . sorry you have to wait . close the door . we see it be all a show for the people in the hall . see 's demeanor change . he 's covert , all business . and why ? angle - sean sit on a examine table . remove he leg . sean it 's ready ? dr see a work of art . he hear a sound from the duct work , clip , clop , clip , clop . on closer exam , we see the new leg be more in the shape of a rifle . that 's because it be a rifle . take off the foot and there 's the barrel . Sean savor this new weapon . sean yes , very good . dr see the price be now twenty thousand . 66 sean twenty ? dr see my cost . my risk . Sean pull a gun and silencer , " poof " . see be hit . he put on the stethoscope , listen to he hearc . he die . int . duct work Ryan be use the suction cup to pull himself along the smooth duct surface . he dislodge a whole section of duct work . pull it off . move on . up a slight grade . down again . this should be it . he look through a vent grate . it 's the '' Hospital record room " . he remove the grate . which reveal a lot of phone and electrical wire run across the ceiling . int . record room Ryan look through the maze of wire to the computer below . he notice the " steinberg " security system be on . a red laser beam criss -cross the floor in the shape of a Star of David . int . duct work Ryan spread the wire to have a better look . he lose he balance , fall through the open . int . record room Ryan be catch up in the wire , he dangle like a marionette , bounce and dance about , a human howdy doody , come within inch of the laser beam . he stabilize . he reach for the '' off alarm " switch , he tilt , key fall from he pocket , he catch they before they reach the beam . now , in rapid succession , a lucky rabbit 's foot , sunglass , tum , tic tacs , lip balm , pepper spray , gum and a yo-yo , ail catch . the yo - yo though do its yo - yo thing and head for the floor . just as it be go to enter the beam , Ryan smap it back up with a flick of the wrist , walk the dog with it , put it away . with he foot he manage to hit the " off " switch . int . hospital outside record room Cass stand guard . Sean round the corner . they be face - to -face . sean where have you be ? 87 cass Ryan be in there : sean Harrison ? we kill the bastard . cass not yet . he 's do we a favor . just like no more trace of Mary Kelley . soon no record of you . Ryan be raid the computer , she smile . Sean agree . this be a good thing . int . record room Ryan extract himself from the last wire . sit at the computer . the keyboard be the most complicated piece of equipment ever . triple the normal amount of key . he timidily turn the computer on . '' fwing " , it come on with a miid chime . he carefully hit several button . a disk shoot out of the machine , hit he in the chest , " ow " . he try another sequence . it bring up the menu . he click through it . he click into " limb replacement " . it contain several name . he type in '' address '' . they pop onto the screen . he type up '' phone number " . that appear on the screen . great ! he decide to print it out . he bring the printer into play . the screen ask question , he click " yes " every time . c/u computer screen screen : " print ? " Ryan hit " yes " . screen : " from page ? " Ryan type in " 23 to 24 " . screen : " thank you . how be you today , good ? " Ryan hit " yes " . screen : " get any ? " Ryan hit " yes " . screen : " be you sure ? " Ryan hit " no " . screen : '' have you hear the one about the nun and the rabbi ? " Ryan type '' just print ! " screen : " okay...okay ... asshole ! " the printer finally kick in . after a beat it print out page . Ryan see a answer machine . he pop cut the tape . put in the one he take from Cass 's condo . ryan ( v.0o . on tape ) it 's Ryan , I get you note . I be minute away . Ryan be pleased . evidence ! then before he can turn it off : cass ( v.0 . on tape ) hibbing , I know I should n‘tc call . sut you be not ac Ryan 's concert tonight . I have get a gun . I be desperately in love with you , you ... & 8 she hang up . Ryan pop cut the rape . grasp it my God ! she kill hibbing ! he do the classic heartsick over beroman and slamm he fist on the table '' from " casablanca " . Ryan have not notice but the printer have print out page and page . it show no sign of want let up . Ryan snap back to reality , hit a series of key , only accelerare che printing . one steady long sheer of paper , billow up . he can not turn off the printer . the plug for the computer and printer have the desk jamme up against it . he try . he can not get he hand down there . meantime the paper be almost waist deep . he look at the computer screen , he accidentally type for the computer to print out 23232424 pace , not from 23 to 24 . he must have ten thousand page by now . outside record room Paper billow from under the door . int . record room the end of the print - out be enter the air conditioning unit . ext . mccarty hospital record room window the " Hospital record room " air conditioning unit chew up the paper and spit it out as confetti . we see it pour out of the air conditioner . ext . ambulance entrance as Sean and Cass exit , they be be " snow on " . very strange for this time of year . int . hospital outside record room in search for Cass and Ryan , orono ss the paper that have billow into the corridor . he open the door to investigate . a paper avalanche engulf he , '' aaaaaaa ! '' Ryan run out of the room and down the step . ext . mccarty hospital parking lot Ryan , angry , betrayed again . he find a unlock car . he get inside . angle ~ sean and cass lauren 's car pull up . lauren be surprised to see Cass . lauren 69 what do Ryan know ? cass nothing . lauren he be with you , right ? = call fergus Falls use you name , but he keep escape . if he get smart , he can identify my past . ( to Sean ) Harrison be over there . Sean spot Ryan . pull a knife from a compartment in the new leg . stalk Ryan . ext . car Ryan find no key . he will hot - wire it . he 's see this do hundred of time in movie . int . car 's Ryan duck under the dash . bull down wire from behind the dash , it 's a lot of wire . he touch two together , spark fly , but the car do not start . he try again and again . in the course of touch other wire , he play hell with the car 's electrical system . we see the antenna go up and down , the sunroof open and close , window roll up and down , the CD blast out the voice of mario lanza , " be my love ...!* the CD shoot out of the sound system . bagpipe music scream from the radio . angle - parking attendant can not figure out what 's happen with that car . angle - sean be about to strike , but the huzzah have security guard 2 . draw to the sound . Sean see this be not the time to strike . angle ~ lauren' car Sean join lauren and Cass . they drive off . int . car ~- ryan im to the dash . the the car seat roll forward , pinnin : 3 v air bag pop open . gh . imstrument panel dial blow out . the angle - parking attendant 78 watch as Ryan finally drive . and not too successfully . he back into a - potty 's , drive it into the street . the door swing open expose a hard ~ hatted workman sit on the toilet . surprise to be out in public , as be the driver of the car in the intersection wait for the light to change . ext . columbia height police headquarters - downtown - day establish shot . it plainly read : '' Vancouver Art Gallery * " . at the bottom right of the screen we have : '' * Columbia Heights courthouse " . int . columbia height police headquarters - war room - day fergus be stand behind a clear plastic map of the city . a big " x* have be place in " husset Park '' . fergus ( perplex ) we lose he here . we have to pick up he trail . he walk , we notice the " X " be on he forehead . bagley point toe it . fergus rub it off . fergus ( cont would ) Harrison murder goodhue and savack . enter a hospital where a one -arm , one - legge , one - eye man would be find , impersonate a doctor , nearly kill patient , assault security guard , do kill a therapist , enter the computer , use up all they print - out paper , third degree papercut wound on my officer , and he say he 's innocent . this department 's body chalk budget double with he in town . this be one sausage that hold some strange meat . what about Cass Lake ? angle - orono put a suitcase on the table . open it up . it 's siinky , sexy , Victoria 's secret garment . orono I teok a search warrant and go to Lake 's conde . I go through she underwear drawer 7 six , seven , eight it examine every vy she bras . felt the ky texture of she panty . held she teddy against my cheek and thigh . {takes a moment to gather himself , sip of water ) but ... I could not figure out how this would tell we where she and Harrison might be hide . fergus Weil , you give it a shot and that 's what count . Heaven time two ! this be as tangle as dredlock in a hurricane . angle - bagley the phone ring . she light up . cover the phone . bagley Harrison . angle ~ fergus signal for a recording to begin . angle - recording studio control booth the producer type inside . acknowledge the signal . he point off to : angle - wall filled with reel of recording tape a technician press a button . nearby a amish technician work a bellow that start a reel wrap around a wagon wheel . . ext . park - phone booth ~ day Ryan hear record music as he be put on hold , a muzaky version of '' raindrop keep falling on my head " . hangers _and tear dry clean bag litter the booth . in the b.g. a dry clean van , driver stop at the mens room , drive off . Ryan be in a steal suit , tie , etc . he see 4 newspaper , ic 's date May 12 , 1997 . it get he think . ryan $ ~ 12 - $ 37 be today . together . ryan a assassination . he look at the newspaper headline : " UN boss in town . hope he won ''t be assassinated " . finally : ryan ( cont have ) I be right . fergus ( v.0 . ) ( on phone ) hey pardner , Falls here . give yourself up ? int . police headquarters everyone listen over the speaker . during the call we hear certain background noise . everyone pick up on they , try to pinpoint where that sound could be come from in the city . we hear a bell . angle ~ bagley ryan ( v.0 . ) ( over phone } you will not be able to trace this call . I be not that stupid , fail . fergus no one say you be . in fact , you be the guy elude I . I be the dingleberry in the cream of wheat . bagley ( sotto ) train ? orong downtown rail yard ? Hotel lobby ? fergus Cass with you ? ryan ( v.g . ) 72 73 TI just throw out that saby with my bath water . you and I have business . listen , I do not speak my cud twice . check out the mccarty record . we hear a jet fly over . bagley Airport ? orono he could be in the flight pattern over wayzata . fergus why do not we go there tcegether . ryan ( v.0 . ) because you will throw I in jail . patient Sean laughrea . the address will interest you . fergus 's gesture to orono be a '' get info " command . ryan ( v.0o . } that 's it . another second or two and you can trace this . over the speaker we hear Ryan be approach by a vacationer . fergus and everyone overhear : vacationer ( v.0 . ) Excuse I , we be from cut of town , how do you get to como Park Zoo ? ryan ( v.o. ) easy , from husset Park here at coleman and mondale , go back this way and take plymouth all the way . can not miss it . : : vacationer ( v.0 . ] thanks . fergus and the guy can not believe they luck . they drop the phone , all run out the door as fast as they can . a beat and we hear Ryan . ryan ( v.0.} ( he screw up , under he breath ) 74 click down the phone . ext . phone booth - crane shot - minute later a beat pass , squad car from north , east , west , and south converge into the booth , smash it to shred , bang into ene ancther in the process . ext . fergus' car pulis up , he , and orono jump out of the car . bagley remain on she cell phone . fergus ofrustrate laugh ) man be learn . he 's leave a cold trail . no footprint , mo track of any kind , he want we to do we detective work , and by the change in humidity and northerly shift in the wind , I believe it be go to rain . it do . orono open a umbrella , which shelter fergus . fergus ( cont no ) he be stay one step ahead of we . why ? he want we close . he 's onto something big . if he 's capture , they lock he up and some mystery go unsolve . orono , Sean laughrea ? orono FBI . Scotland yard , interpol , access America , geraldo . no one have anything . bagley approach : bagley hylander be the security code name for the UN General Secretary mckintyre . fergus yes ! tt have slap we in the face . saddie up , veople . climb in the car . en not er ninth a fergus to mccarty ! I want what chey have on Sean laughrea . ext . goodhue shoreline - day Ryan cautiously look around . he feel someone sneaking up behind he . corner of he eye he catch a black hood . he play it cool , then whirl around , sock the man in the face . what look like a man in a black hood be actually a seal . the seal respond to the punch , flop over . Ryan see lauren on the pocl deck , use a amber light to signal out to sea . she 's take the tram down . to the shoreline . Ryan see the boat house . he enter . int . boat house - day Ryan hear a male voice . and now a familiar one , Cass ! but he can not hear what they be say . to get closer , he hide behind huge " foreign correspondent in the mill * big wooden gear wheel . ryan be Pov - sean and cass still can not hear that well , a word or two , one be nis name , and Cass say " kill he " . Ryan can not believe he fall for she lie over and over . angle - lauren enter . snap on a switch . join Sean and Cass .. angle - ryan the gear slowly come to life . we see they work a boat lift , which be lowering Sean 's Zodiac into the water . Ryan notice he coat be catch and be slowly pull he into the grind tooth of the gear . he try to pull it free , but no , luckily the coat come off he body , but now he tie be catch . he yank , no luck , and he pants leg be catch , damn ! he quickly undoe he tie , and now he shirt be tear from he body . he 's down to he t-shirt , and he pants leg still be catch . he struggle . to get out of he pants . angle - sean and cass sean Cass think we can use Ryan as @ patsy once again . cass he 's be blame for every murder in town . they would have ... 76 she see something strange o.c. cass Pov ook that clothes be spin around the gear of the mill . it like a very messy dry cleaner clothes carousel . and & shoe ? angle - cass stands so Sean and lauren 's back be to the gear . cass ... they man . no roadblock to keep you from leave Columbia Heights . . sean we have a sub . we do not care about the bloody roadblock . we will be go in minute . lauren as much as E would like to kill Ryan myself , I agree . it will throw everyone off we trail . ( she check she watch ) Sean , the sub . Sean get in the Zodiac . lauren step outside to watch . Cass run and pick the clothes off the gear . angle - ryan in t-shirt , boxer , sock , one shoe . snatch the ciothes from Cass 's hand . put they on as he speak . dialogue have great urgency , the terrorist could arrive any second . ryan I be here to stop you assassination of the UN General Secretary . cass so that 's it . ryan I be take lauren , she playmate , and you down hard . cass he 's dress . he slap she . he slap she . he slap she . she slap he . 77 he 's the one -ey , one - armed , one -l I keep Sean from kill you at the hospital . I have to pretend I be one of they . ryan he 's finally mine . i'1l be ail over he like chocolate on a chin after a hot fudge sundae . cass and that 's not lauren . it 's Mary Kelley . ryan Kelley ! why be you with Mary Kelley ? cass she say she be my mother , I think she be my sister . cass my sister . cass my mother . ryan ( mock ) my sister , my mother . ow . . cass when I be two she leave I at a orphanage . I be tell she be my sister . I know now she 's my mother . I have not be honest . wait. that be a lie . sorry , not be honest ig the truth , the parc about it be a lie be not the truth . I have not tell you 768 bbing and I we be Lovers . he slap she . ryan you call off the relationship by pump he full of lead . cass no . the gun be for I . I be go to commit suicide . he use I , just want to make lauren jeaious . Ryan , everything be in the past . every new day be in the future . in fact , what I just say have now become the past . what I be say right now be the future , and now that sentence be in the ... he 's fully dress . ryan e . ( confuse ) ah , good . cass what do we do ? ryan we act fast , or I will be blame for the assassination . he see a saper kit . ryan first I block they escape . you have the toughest job .- stay with they , do not let they think anything be up . it 's time we turn the table on the other cheek . lauren ( 0.c. Cass ! a quick kiss and Cass go off to lauren and the ocher . ext . boathouse - day 79 Ryan sneak out . a wind boathouse . ext . shoreline - day Ryan get on the surfboard . lift the sail . a gust of wind blow he out to sea and over the horizon , completely out of sight in a micro second . ext . surfaced sub Ryan on surfboard come back . Hit into the sub . wearing a Hawaiian lei and straw hat . he 's bewilder by what just occur . but he 's make it . he get on the sub . from the saper bag he take out a brick of plastique . he shape it . stick it on the sub deck . take out a timer . stick it in the plastique . the plastique be really gooey , it act like taffy . it stick to he hand , and the timer , it get all over . try to scrape it off with he foot , the explosive now stick to he shoe , plus he chin . he see the timer be count down . damn ! he frantically attempt to shake it off , no good . plastique and timer be stick to he hand . try to scrape it off from hand to hand , it just get worse . down to . second . he manage to wad the stuff up in a big bail , and by close the hatch , scrape it off . it 's now in the interior of the sub . at last ! Ryan jump into a Zodiac . he bounce back up on deck . cripe ! get in the Zodiac drive off just as : int . boat house - day Sean , lauren , Cass and the terrorist hear the huge explosion , and see the shock wave blow through the open window , with the reddish hue of the explosion . sean the sub ! my U2 CD 's ! cass we will have to change we plan . lauren '' this place will be crawl with police . out ! everyone grab they gear and hustle out . Cass have a smug smile on she face . ext . husset park - day a dozen news media , still photegrapher and video camera take picture of sir ROBERT mckintyre and mayor stopka . 88 mayor this will be a very small photo op of ou review the hylander drill team and meeting with a local artist . gesture to the rockwell type artist . mckintyre Mayor stopka , I would be delighted of course . c/u scottish hylander drill team sergeant saber hold in front of he face . sergeant aha hoy ! saber thrust forward . he march . c/u grass we hear the sound of the team , " step , clump , step , clump " . after a beat we see leg , then the gun butt hit onto the ground , step , gun butt , etc . angle - precision drill team come toward we . step , gun butt to ground , step , gun butt to ~ ground . we notice Ryan , in full kilted outfit , but he kilt be longer than the cther , below the knee , very hip hop , very NBA , he 's in the middle of the group . he slam the gun butt on he own foot . it hurt . he react facially , '' mm ! " the team make a smart turn to the leave . place Ryan over a grate . Air blow up he kilt . he have a heiluva time keep modest . angle - reporter Sean move in among they . he favor he gun leg . angle - drill team in line camera track as the team , in smart turn , spin they gun around in front of themselves . Ryan spin the gun , and it go out of he hand . sergeant ( 0.c . ) aw ! Ryan grab the gun from the man next to he . the drill team spin they gum and bring chem up to they shoulder , slap the stock . 8 } int . lauren 's van lauren and Cass park among news van . " wcco " on the side to blend in . they see fergus , orono and bagley pull up . lauren be concerned . angle - ground - drill team' feet a ear flop to the ground , courtesy of Ryan 's bayonet . Ryan 's foot kick it away . angle - drill team line up . camera be at the end of the line . we see the man spin the gun in front of themselves . a bit too close , Ryan slice off the bill of the cap on either side of he . the sergeant step into the £.g. , wounded from the bayonet stabbing earlier . sergeant eyo , tennnnhut ! gun at parade rest . as Ryan slam down he gun , it go off . the sergeant , hit , drop te’ the ground . it stun and alert everyone . the follow happen lightning quick : fergus come run . angle - ryan see fergus . see Sean open he leg , take out he gun . Ryan shoot at Sean , no bullet . he throw the gun and dive , knock mckintyre over . ending up knock over the artist , he exhibit and he paint . angle - sean be hit by the gun , it throw he off balance . everyone see the gun . they run . fergus , orono and bagley see Sean . he shoot and miss at they . . int . lauren' van she start it up . Cass take the key . run out . lauren shoot and miss she . angle ~ ryan get to he foot . his face have be splash with the exact facial marking of mel Gibson in '' braveheart 's . with the kilt , he look like a hyland warrior . Ryan have have enough . he have the fierce look of clansman . he let out a war yell , " awwwwi " he shove mckintyre into a van , be join by Cass . 82 Sean get off more short . fergus 's cf bullet aim at Ryan . allow to drive off . t c meckintyre and angle - lauren pull a news crewman from he van . hop in . drive at fergus , orone and bagley . they dive out of the way . she pick up Sean . they drive off . angle ~ fergus fergus {te he people ) Ryan do it , the man do it , and he need we . go ! int . lauren' van sean it 's Ryan , the bloody bastard ! lauren shut up ! into she walkie-talkie : lauren duckling , plan " B " a ga . " B " a goi '' ext . STREET - day Ryan 's van drive fast . we see lauren give up the pursuit . she take off down a alley . int . ryan be van Ryan 's wiping the paint off he face with a rag . mckintyre who be you ? - ryan Ryan Harrison . and this be a woman I have sleep with . assas sin be out to get you . cass everything will be fine , sir . ext . STREET - day 83 Sean pull out of a alley . Blocks they off . Ryan hit the brake . throw it in reverse . a stinger from the roof blow up 4@ van behind they . Ryan bring he van to a screeching halt . he 's block ! ext . roof - day lauren , empty stinger in hand , and the terrorist rain automatic weapon fire at Ryan . angle - sean we of car and open fire . ext . ryan be van Ryan pull the people from the burn van . take Cass and mckintyre into a van abandon by a frighten man during the fire fight . he get behind the wheel . int . ryan be van # 2 the van be fill with car-pooler . ryan it 's alright , I will get we out of this . can not get the thing start . bullet riddle the windshield . he hit the wiper to clear away the glass . the engine start , but a stinger hit the hood . Fire everywhere . he hit the window spritzer . back up . ext . roof terrorist pour everything they have at the van . angle - lauren readies another stinger . int . ryan be van # 2 a stinger on the way . Ryan roll down the driver 's and passenger 's window , lean back , the missile go in and out the van . he back up just as a van behind he be hit . he 's block again . he carry everyone from the van , pull the two people from the just hit van , and shove everyone in to yet a third abandon van . a flat ! bullet whizzing around . Ryan get the spare tire . start to pump air into the oid ene . too much gunfire . he get in the van ... that be rit by 4 stinger . int . ryan 's van # 3 84 Ryan notice a receipt on the dashboard . ryan ( how dare they ) this be a rental . ( to the villain ) the bastardsiii ! ext . rooftop lauren and terrorist send a horrific barrage of fire . ext . STREET bullet kick up everywhere . Ryan negotiate with a man on the street who have a '' for sale " sign on he van . they finally come to term . Ryan carry everyone from van # 3 into the new van # 4 . start it up . as he zig - zag around , the van be hit , lose the roof . hit again . back half go . hit again . entire body be go . he 's down to a frame . then it stall . the gas gauge be empty . all seem lose . _ ext . rooftop lauren call down to Ryan . lauren this be the end , Ryan ! Sean ready a stinger . int . ryan be van really jamme with people . Cass 's head be just over he shoulder in a mess of arm , torso and leg . ryan Mary Kelley . let everyone go . take I . cass , I really do not think we can get out , Ryan . ryan damn ! '' appropriate cut from rocf to van lauren you be so naive . so gullible . do you know how stupid you be ? 85 ryan from one to ten ? lauren no one but you could be frame for two crime . you be such a fool . ryan I must be . I sleep with both of you identity . it 's chilly out here . you must have leave you heart open . lauren die ! Ryan lay on top of Cass and everyone to protect they . then we hear gunfire . but not bullet be come Ryan 's way . he look up . ext . rooftop fergus , orono , bagley ' and a swat team appear . angle ~- fergus fergus Drop the gun . the terrorist ' gun be silence but they still hold onto they . fergus . give they up . they still hold they . fergus , orono and bagley shoot at they foot to show they they mean business . now what occur vis . the terrorist and lauren kick they foot to miss be hit by the bullet . but what it turn out look like be the rouse , celtic , foot fly finish of '' riverdance * . they drop they gun . angle - sean piss . sean not ext . rooftop fergus toss a terrorist 's gun to Ryan . 86 ext . ryan be van # 4 Ryan get out . catch the gun , roll , come up fire at Sean . a barrage of fire that last a long time , smoke , shell fly . finally Sean grab he shoulder . sean I be hit . he drop he gun . put he hand up . fergus come down to the street and take Sean into custody . Ryan open the slide door , everyone tumble out . Cass end up in he arm . meckintyre at he foot . Cass hug he . mckintyre , wobbly , get the he foot . fergus Ryan Harrison , on behalf of all law enforcement , I say to the world , you be wrongfully accuse . a big thumb up to Ryan . who give a huge thumb up . .. Ryan pick up Cass , swing she around , she foot catch mckintyre in the face . he 's out cold . but Ryan be get a nice hero 's kiss . int . symphony hall - day later we hear the sound of a violin piece that fill the night with power and beauty . a poster read : '' the return of Ryan Harrison : the wrongfully accuse Tour 's . int . orchestra hall we cut to the black tie crowd , fergus , bagley and orono all listen intently . angle - BOX Cass be resplendent in a killer gown . she be so in love . angle ~ stage Ryan be magnificent . we read he music : '' the I Love Cass , my New wife , symphony '' . stir performance , big time finish ! and : angle ~ audience they stand and applaud , as they have the first night . angle ~ stage at the orchestra stand and applaud . angle ~ handicapped rise from wheelchair . toss away crutch . one man cover in a sheet , and with a toe tag , sit up . angle - fergus to he guy . refer to the handicapped : fergus now that 's good . angle - ryan blow kiss to Cass . she return every one . angle ~ fergus be in tear . angle - stage several member of the orchestra sneak up behind Ryan . and like a win football coach , they dump a container of gatorade on he . angle ~ cass join Ryan 's on stage . to the cheer of the crowd and all they embrace , close credit the end