x-men origins : wolverine written by David Benioff &amp ; skip Woods ext . rural road - day a two - lane road carve through a endless forest of tower black spruce . a flock of pintail skim over the treetop , head south before the first snowfall . a young boy ( 12 ) , undersized and feral , trudge home , bookbag strapped to he back . Black -haire and pale-skinn , the boy look as if he have not have a good meal in a long time . before we hear anything the boy turn , watch the bend in the road behind he . after a moment we hear the thrum of a hard - charge engine . a oldsmobile Super 88 round the bend , accelerate as it hit the straightaway . the boy step away from the road but the car come straight at he . the boy close he eye . the oldsmobile 's brake clamp down on the wheel and the car shiver to a halt with inch to spare . laughter spill from the car 's open window . four high school lettermen pile out of the car , wear they leather - sleeve football jacket . gilman , the large of the four , shake he head and laugh . gilman kid do not even move . you see that ? where 's you survival instinct , boy ? the boy say nothing . he readjust he bookbag and resume he long walk northward . gilman ( cont would ) hey ! Gilman grab the boy 's shoulder and spin he around - gilman ( cont would ) the hell you go ? you hear I talk to you ? one of the other football player , mason , walk over and inspect the boy 's face . mason this be the kid whose old man rob the truck stop last year . Gilman curl he meaty hand around the back of the boy' neck and pull he closer , scrutinize he . the four letterman tower over the small boy . I c_onttntt for 1 2 . continued : gilman you the one with the convict daddy ? the boy stare back at Gilman , unblink . mason that 's he . gilman what 's the matter , you about to piss you pants ? answer I . the boy say nothing , never look away from the bully . Gilman press he fist , adorn with a heavy class ring , against the . boy 's cheek . gilman ( cont would ) you a tough guy like you daddy ? Gilman shove the boy , force he to stumble backwards . the boy regains he balance , never take he eye off Gilman . gilman ( cont would ) you want to play tough guy with I ? huh ? provoked by the boy' lack of fear , by the insolence of he stare , Gilman rear back and punch he in the face . the boy fall to the ground . blood spill from a gash in he cheek where the class ring cut he . mason ( a ringside announcer ) right cross to the face ... and he 's down ! the football player laugh , look down at the fall boy . the boy stand . there be still no sign of emotion on he face . no fear , no anger , no evident pain . gilman what 's the matter ? you want some more ? the boy do not look away . the bully swing , crack the boy in the side of the head , knock he down again . gilman ( cont would ) ( to he friend ) let 's get out of here . conttnttf:t ) I 3. continued : ( 2 ) walk back to the car , mason slap Gilman on the shoulder . mason you give that little pissant something to think about . Gilman grin and look back at the boy , expect he to be sprawle and cry on the ground . instead the boy stand again , brushes the dirt off he shirt , and walk toward Gilman . gilman you get to be kid I . I be gonna knock the -- but Gilman 's word die in he throat as he see something impossible happen . the gash on the boy 's cheek knit itself shut , leave no sign of injury . Gilman be so shocked he do not see the boy 's fist whizzing toward he , strike he in the nose . and then another punch . and then another . the boy be far smaller and weaker than Gilman , but he fight with a ferocity that seem inhuman , punch and kick and headbutting , do whatever it take to fall he enemy . Gilman , stunne by the intensity of the assault , go down , try to protect he face from the blur of blow . mason try to pull the boy off he friend and suffer a bite to the hand . he howl with pain and back off . the other two football player , amaze to see they leader get pummele by a boy half he size , watch in awe . the boy growl as he batter the bully . he grab Gilman 's collar and lift the football player 's head off the ground , prepare to deliver the coup de grace with he right fist . Three bone claw spring from the boy 's hand , serrate and razor sharp . everything stop . mason , clutching he wounded hand , quit holler and stare . the other two football player blink and slowly back away . even Gilman , moan on the ground , hush and try to crawl backwards , away from this beast on top of he . ( ( " onttn11f . 1 ) 1 4. continued : ( 3 ) but the boy be more shocked than - any of they . he stare with horror at the claw , this part of he he never know exist . he stand and stumble away from Gilman . mason run over , lift he punch - drunk friend to he foot , and hustle he toward the oldsmobile . the other football player pile in , slam the door shut , and speed off , leave the boy alone by the side of the road . the boy stare at he claw and for the first time we see fear in he eye . he scream , a scream that echoe over the black spruce , into the darken northern sky . int . cabin - morning logan wake . with a wordless shout , sit upright , shirtless , in a bed cover with shred bedsheet . kayla silverfox ( 25 ) wrap she arm around he and whisper in he ear . kayla it 's okay ... shh ... it 's okay . Logan pants , chest heaving , eye wild , grip the tatter sheet in he fist . kayla hold he tight until he bone claw retract . kayla ( cont would ) I be right here with you . okay ? I be right here with you . kayla , a full - blooded innu , wear she long black hair pull back in a ponytail . she 's be sleep in one of Logan 's flannel shirt . kayla ( cont would ) the war dream or the one where you be a kid ? Logan take a deep breath , finally calming down . he relax into kayla 's arm . logan the one where I be a kid . kayla run she finger through he thick hair , kissing he forehead . he see that she have a small cut on she forearm . he take she arm and look at the wound . ( ( 0 nttn111 T ) 1 5 . continued : logan ( cont would ) I cut you . kayla it 's nothing . just a scratch . she kiss he . kayla ( cont would ) we need new sheet again , baby . ext . carnival - night a travel carnival have come to a seaside New England town . the brightly - light ferris wheel spin a few hundred yard inland from the dark Atlantic . local roam through the carnival , lining up to ride the tilt- a-whirl . kide carry plume of cotton candy race from shoot - them - up game to free throw competition . a carny barker of the old school , wear a patch - suit and a derby , beckon the curious to he attraction . carny barker come see the notorious Bird man ! half -man , half -eagle , be he a angel from Heaven or a spawn of Satan ? lady and gentleman , tonight be you last chance to see the creature you have all be hearing about : we follow two boy who hand the barker they ticket , pull aside the curtain and step into the sideshow ... int . sideshow - continuous .join a small crowd of curious onlooker . the tent be dark save for a spotlight fix on a tiny stage . sherrlene , a peroxide - blonde in she fifty , whose tan hide be cover with interlace tattoo , slap a tribal beat on a pair of bongo . the crowd hush . a tall man in a hood robe shuffles toward , the stage like a boxer long past he prime . he stand in front of the gawker , head bow , face shadow by he hood . 1 rfnttnttpd 1 6 . continued : finally beak throw off he robe and raise he wing to the crowd . as advertise , he look like a amalgam of man and bird , with three - to , claw foot and dirty - feathered wing . his very human , tired brown eye be set in a face dominate by a long sharp beak . he stare back at the gape crowd . beak look more pathetic than monstrous . his skinny limb do not seem very strong and he project a air of weary resignation , not menace . but when he flap he gray wing and caw at the onlooker , the child shriek in terror and bury they face in they father 's leg . int . beak trailer - night sherrlene and beak sit at a card table , play gin and drink bourbon . sherrlene I be gonna knock with three . beak be you kid I ? he throw down he hand in disgust . sherrlene you always hold out for gin . you could have knock a while ago . beak yeah , well , I be a eternal . optimist . sherrlene tally the point . sherrlene all right , I be gonna hit it . you want to come look for shell with I on the beach tomorrow ? beak I do not want to scare away any tourist . sherrlene aw , sweetie , it 's winter . no tourist . I will come get you in the morning . ( rr ) nttntrj be ) 1 7. continued : sherrlene collect she thing , stand , and kiss beak on the side of he feathered head . beak goodnight , sherrlene . sherrlene night , beak . sweet dream . sherrlene close the door behind she and beak flip through the deck of card , prepare for another lonely night . a knock on the door . beak you forget you purse ? ( another knock ) all right , all right , I be come . he stand and open the door . ext . beak trailer - continuous a tower figure in a long black coat loom beside the trailer 's door . beak show 's over , pal . victor creed be shroud in shadow , but when he grin he white fang gleam . he drape he arm around beak and drag the birdman inside the trailer . victor creed show 's never over for you , freak .. int . beak trailer - continuous beak you want money ? there 's twenty buck on the dresser . that 's all I have -- victor creed I just want to hear you talk a minute before I cut you lung out . creed shove beak back into he seat , pick up the bottle of bourbon , examine the label , and guzzle it . beak open he mouth but no word come out . finally : ( ronttntied 8. continued : beak you be the one that 's be kill mutant . creed wipe he lip with the back of he claw hand . beak ( cont would ) but you ... you be one of we . victor creed we ? there 's no we . there 's you and there 's I , and in a minute , just I . creed smile down at he feathered target . beak try to shield he body with he wing . beak please ... I never hurt anybody , my whole life ... victor creed let I show you how it 's do . ext . beak trailer - continuous a awful , prolong shriek escape from the trailer . ext . cabin - day the small log cabin sit in a clear in a jack pine forest . Winter have come to the north country ; the ground and tree branch be cover with several inch of snow . Logan chop firewood behind the cabin , split the log with expert axe strike , smoking a cheap cigar . his nose wrinkle as he sniff the air . logan . smell like government . behind Logan , two approach man in dark suit and black overcoat glance at each other . Logan , halving another block of wood , do not turn around . one of the newcomer , stryker , be a colonel in the special force . he still have the look . his hair be cropped short , he bear be military , and he blue eye be fierce . for r_onttntjf D 9 . continued : christoph nord , a.k.a . agent zero , look more like a death row convict than a military man . a family of tattooe spider walk down he neck . stryker ( smiling ) I even shower today . Logan turn , the axe grip in he hand . stryker ( cont would ) be a long time , Logan . you have not age a day . everyone else get old and gray , but not you . logan how would you find I ? stryker we never lose you , my friend . I believe you know my colleague ? Logan and agent Zero stare at each other . there be a history between this two and clearly the memory be not fond . stryker ( cont would ) we be with the Department of Agriculture now . logan Agriculture ? you work with farmer ? agent Zero grin . there be nothing pleasant about he grin , . agent zero pest Control division . work with exterminator . logan ( puffing on he cigar ) still shoot first , ask question later ? in one blindingly fast motion , agent Zero pull a customize automatic from he shoulder holster , fire , and reholster . agent zero still smoking cheap cigar ? Logan spit the butt of the severe cigar from he mouth and clenches he fist . ( c'onttnttftl ' 10 . continued : ( 2 ) logan that be a buck twenty - five , asshole . stryker hold up both hand , one palm to Logan , one to Zero . stryker boy , please . ( to Logan ) could we take a minute of you time ? logan you be take it . stryker we want you back . Logan turn away from they . he toss aside the axe , pick up a load of firewood and . stack . it beside the cabin . stryker ( cont would ) you be a bear warrior . you can hide up here as long as you want , that 's never gonna change . logan not interested . stryker it 's ... creative work , I can assure you of that . and it pay well . logan already get a job . agent zero lumberjack . eighteen grand a.year . logan eighteen five . agent zero you content chopping down tree ? logan yeah , I be . it 's good work . and I have not kill anybody in three year . agent zero start to miss it ? ( conttntirt ) 1 11 . continued : ( 3 ) logan right about now I be . agent Zero grin , enjoy the game . stryker , see that this be go badly , try to break the tension . stryker we be put together a team . best man in the business . Men with ... special quality . Men like you . logan forget it . Logan walk around to the front of the cabin . stryker and agent Zero follow . Logan 's batter old pickup truck be park beside the newcomer ' lincoln . stryker it 's a team of hunter . we be go after some very bad people . Logan climb into the driver 's seat . stryker ( cont would ) you read the papers , Logan ? they be kill mutant . Logan close the door , turn the key and revs the engine to warm it . stryker tap on the window . Logan grit he tooth and roll down the window , not look at the colonel . stryker ( cont would ) listen to I . they have name . they have address . logan I can take care of myself . stryker all right , forget about yourself . you country need you . logan I be canadian . he hit the gas , force stryker to jump back lest the tire run over he foot . stryker and agent Zero watch he go . 12 . ext . district unified school - day Logan park in the lot of a sprawling brick grammar school . he get out of the truck and walk toward the main building . the school day have end . student meet up with they mom or dad for the ride home . as Logan round a corner , he stop in he track , look around . something 's not quite right . Logan 'duck he head at the last . possible second and a snowball whizze past , miss he by inch . six FOURTH grader ( four boy and two girl ) charge at he , hurl snowballs and scream . FOURTH grader get he ! Logan jump back around the corner , out of sight . the fourth grader chase after he , round the corner with they throw hand cocked , ready to launch some serious ice . Logan be nowhere in sight . the fourth grader turn in confuse circle , search for they target , snowballs melting in they hand . logan ( o.s. ) hey , fella . the boy and girl look up and see Logan sit on a second - floor window ledge . he have already form six perfect snowballs , with which he proceed to pelt the fourth grader . the kid run , scream and laugh , nearly collide with kayla , who round the corner and stare up at Logan . kayla Nice . Logan , catch with a snowball in he hand , look sheepish . logan they start it . 13 . int . pickup truck - later Logan drive kayla home over road slick with black ice . she sing softly along with the country song on the radio . logan stryker come by the house today . kayla stryker ? Colonel stryker ? the one you tell I about ? ( off Logan 's nod ) what do he want ? logan want I back . kayla and ? logan told he no . kayla so why can not they get someone else ? Logan think about it for a moment . when he speak there be a degree of self - loathing in he tone . logan I be the best there be at what I do . and what I do best be not very nice . kayla study the side of he face for a moment . logan ( cont would ) maybe he 's right . maybe it 's the only thing I be good for . kayla watch he . Logan shake he head as if ridding himself of a errant think . logan ( cont would ) Son of a bitch have I think about it for a minute . he wrap he arm around she shoulder and pull she closer . for conttn11fn1 14 . continued : logan ( cont would ) I be not go anywhere . first time in my life , I do not feel like a freak . kayla hey . you be not a freak . logan most guy do not have to worry about gut they girlfriend when they have a bad dream . kayla you be not a freak . you have get a gift . logan a gift ? Logan shake he head , stare at the black ribbon of road . logan ( cont would ) you can return a gift .. int . cabin - night a well - build fire burn in the fireplace . Logan and kayla sit naked in front of it , wrap in a old flannel quilt . kayla the kid make cornhusk doll today in Arts and craft . she reach for she bag and pull out a little doll . kayla ( cont would ) I make one for you . kayla hand he the doll and he examine it by firelight . give the limitation of the art form , it 's a skillful representation of Logan , unique hairstyle and all . logan I look like elvis . kayla you be elvis with claw . the moon , swollen and red-hue , rise above the dark hill , frame in the cabin 's window . I conttnttrn 1 15 . continued : logan full moon tomorrow . kayla you know why the moon 's so lonely ? Logan shake he head . kayla lie back , rest she head on Logan 's leg as he play with she hair . kayla ( cont would ) she use to have a lover . kuekuatsheu . they live in the Spirit World and every night they would wander the sky together . but one of the other spirit be jealous . trickster want the Moon for himself . so he tell kuekuatsheu the Moon ask for flower . he tell he to come to we world and pick she some wild rose . logan never trust a guy name trickster . kayla yeah , well , you do some stupid thing when you be in love . kuekuatsheu do not know that once you leave the Spirit World , you can never go back . now he 's trap here . every night the Moon search for he and every night he see she in the sky and howl she name ... but he can never touch she again . for a moment they be both quiet , contemplate the sad myth . logan koo-koo- choo get screw . kayla kuekuatsheu . the wolverine . ext . cabin - night view from a distance , the little cabin look warm and invite , the firelight shine from the window . something watch from the edge . of the dark wood . something monstrous , its black talon carve gashes in the trunk of a pine tree . 16 . ext . logging camp - morning kayla drop Logan off at the log camp . the site be already loud with motorize activity . trimmer remove the limb from fall tree . teamster in forklift load log onto flatbe truck . Logan come around to the driver 's side window , hold he orange husqvarna chainsaw in one hand . kayla be careful . Logan bend forward to kiss she on the lip . he turn and walk towards a crew of lumberjacks circle around a supervisor with a clipboard . Logan turn when he hear a honk . kayla lean out the window . kayla ( cont would ) I love you , by the way . Logan notice that dozen of lumberjack be watch this scene . he clear he throat . logan T love you , too . supervisor ( thick Maine accent ) we all love you , casanova , but could we get to work here ? we need to let some daylight in the swamp . the lumberjack laugh loudly . damage do , kayla wave a cheerful goodbye and drive away from the camp . Logan trudge into the circle of lumberjack , who make kissie - kissie sound and slap he shoulder . supervisor ( cont would ) all right , I need a team of chopper for 3b , that 's gonna be phelan , marcuse , Van mier and Logan . two team for 3c ... ext . access road - morning kayla steer the pickup along the access road lead away . from the log camp . c'c ) nttnttf.n ) 17 . continued : a eighteen - wheel flatbe load with trim log block the road . Men in reflective vest stand on the flatbe , secure the load with chain . kayla hit the brake and check - she watch . she 's late . she tap the horn . a foreman amble over to she , in no particular rush . foreman can not move the truck till the load 's tie down . kayla please ? I be already late . foreman not gonna happen , mar 'am ... the foreman think about it , sigh , and change he tune . foreman ( cont would ) ( yell to truck driver ) hey Zeke ! pull this mother over . Lady 's get to get through . moment later the truck roll forward , enable kayla to scoot through in she pickup . she toot she horn and wave . kayla thanks , fella . ext . timber stand - morning Logan and three other lumberjack -- phelan , marcuse , and van mier -- tramp through the wood towards they designate area , carry they chainsaw and helmet . phelan , whiskey - belly and flushed from the exertion , have fall behind . phelan you all want to ease the pace a little bit ? tree be not go anywhere . Logan , in the lead , stare at a crude smiley face carve into a tall pine tree . his gaze travel from the carve to something sit on the forest floor . ( con'tnt1f.n I lb . continued : phelan ( cont would ) what you get there ? the other lumberjack gather around Logan . a severe bear 's head , haloed by buzzing fly , rot in the sun . phelan ( cont would ) goddamn . van mier Hunter ? marcuse why would a hunter leave the head ? logan bullet do not kill this bear . ( beat ) claw do . int . truck - morning kayla sing along with the tape on the tape deck . kayla lolly lolly lolly get you adverb here , lolly lolly lolly get some adverb here , come on down to lolly 's get the adverb here ... rounding a corner on the narrow access road , kayla nearly collide with a man in a long black coat . she slam on the brake and the truck shudder to a halt . the man 's back be turn to the truck , he head bow . his hair hang below he shoulder , clotted with dirt , as if he 's be sleep in the wood for week . kayla lean out of the open truck window . before she can speak , the man in the long black coat turn . it 's not just he size that frighten we , though the man be massive . it 's not just the four-inch - long black talon curling from he fingertip , or the gleam fang he lick as he smile at she . what terrify we most be he eye . they be a shark 's eye , black and loveless and utterly inhuman . for conttnt1fd ' 19 . continued : Victor creed walk toward the truck . he scrape he talon over the hood : screeeeee . five parallel gashes now scar the hood , carve straight through the steel . ext . timber stand - continuous Logan , hearing a noise the other man can not , rise from he crouch . he look to the west , listen carefully . phelan what 's the matter -- Logan hold up a hand : quiet . he hear a distant scream . A. voice he know better than any other . he run , leave he astonished co-worker behind . no one can run through the wood faster than Logan and ' Logan have never need to run faster . he vault fall tree , duck under branch , accelerate when he hit the access road . ext . access road - minute later Logan see the pickup truck in the distance . even a hundred yard away he can tell that something be . wrong . it seem impossible that he could run any faster , but now he do , reach the truck in second . he see the claw mark gouge through the steel hood . he see . the driver 's side door toss onto the asphalt twenty yard . from the truck . and finally he see kayla , curl in the fetal position on the side of the access road . blood puddle beneath she . her skin have already begin to lose its ' color . he run to she , kneel beside she body , hand check for a pulse , listen for breath , try desperately to find any sign of life in she lifeless form . logan come on , you be okay . say something . say something , darling . say something . kayla , come on . he cradle she in he arm . logan ( cont would ) you be okay . you be okay . ( conttnttrn ' 20 . continued : he rock back and forth , she lifeless body clutch tightly in he arm , he eye clench shut . the vein bulge in he neck , every muscle in he body tense , as if there be a beast inside he try to break free of he skin . int . casady' bar &amp ; grill - day the local dive open early . town drunk sit by themselves , smoking cigarettes , sip the day 's first hair - of -- the-dog , read the paper or stare into they beer . Victor creed sit at the bar , carve a crude smiley face into the wood with the claw of he index finger . he look up and see the bartender stare at he . the bartender do not approve of the vandalism , but he 's not about to say anything . creed tap the rim of he glass . the bartender come over with a bottle of George dickel Tennessee whiskey . he fill creed 's glass halfway -- a standard pour . creed stare at the bartender . he tap the glass again . the bartender , hand shaking , fill the glass to the brim . creed raise the whiskey to the light . victor creed stuff do not work on I . I drink and drink and I never feel any different . he downs the full glass of whiskey with a swallow . he look around the bar , at the pool table in the back , the wurlitzer jukebox , the stack bottle of liquor . victor creed ( cont would ) you get any insurance on this place ? bartender insurance ? I guess so . why ? creed wipe he mouth with the back of he hand . victor creed ' Cause it 's about to get ugly . Logan walk into the tavern , sniff the air . he see creed sit on the barstool , back to the door . ( c_0nttnttf.t ) I 21 . continued : Logan approach the bar , never take he eye off creed . finally creed turn to look at Logan . he stand , tower above the smaller man . Logan see a splotch of dry blood on the back of creed 's hand . creed know Logan be look at it . he lift he hand to he mouth and lick the blood off . victor creed ( cont would ) sweet girl . tasted like strawberry jam . the bone claw burst from Logan 's hand , pale , white , and serrate . he growl and swing at creed 's head . the big man be fast . he duck under the claw , grin and circle like a boxer , happy that he 's finally get a decent adversary . the bartender and the local drunk have see plenty of bar fight , but not one feature claw mutant . they run . victor creed ( cont would ) you can scare off the civilian with that , sonny boy . but I get claw of my own . he swing , rake he talon across Logan 's chest , draw first blood . Logan lunge at creed and the battle begin . - the pace of the combat be startling , the physical power stupendous . a miss swipe by creed end with he claw out the gut of the jukebox . Logan jump at he enemy and get swat into the wall , smash the plasterboard . creed grab Logan by the collar and toss he onto the pool table . creed bring he fist down , look to pulverize Logan 's skull , but the smaller man roll clear . creed 's fist shatter the slate and the table collapse . clear he head on the sawdust floor , Logan see the eight ball roll past . he pick it up and hurl it at creed 's head . creed catch the eight ball in he leave hand and squeeze he fist shut . he open he hand and let the powder remain spill onto the floor . Logan spring to he foot and swing at creed , again and again , he claw whoosh through the air . l conttntjrt ) ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) creed , despite he bulk , be a elegant fighter . he circle just out of reach , grin as the claw slash past he face . creed grab Logan 's right wrist as it fly by . he grab the leave wrist . his wet fang glisten as they plunge toward Logan 's throat . I with no room to dodge , Logan drive he head forward , smash creed 's face with a glorious headbutt . I as creed stagger back , Logan kick he in the chest , knock the big man over the bar , where he crash into the bottle of liquor and slide to the floor in a tumult of glass shard and alcohol . Logan see a light cigarette in a ashtray on one of the table . he pick the butt up and flick it over the bar . the cigarette ignites the spilt alcohol . creed roar and rise to he foot , a burn man . he vault over the bar and advance on Logan . the flame consume he overcoat , lick at he skin . creed slap they out with he palm , apparently oblivious to the pain . victor creed ( cont would ) you put up a better fight than you girl do . creed snatch Logan and sling he headfirst through the plate glass window . ext . parking lot - continuous Logan hit the snow - cover pavement hard , splinter - of glass in he hair , he face bloody from dozen of small cut . creed step out the bar . as Logan struggle to he foot creed kick out he leg and drop he again . creed crouch beside Logan , grab the back of he head , and smashes he face into the concrete . the beat get savage , creed hammer Logan again and again . Logan 's heal factor can not keep up with the violence be do to he body . victor creed time you get declaw , kitty kat . creed lift he heavy black boot and bring it down hard on the extend claw of Logan 's leave hand . I conttnttft ) 1 23 . continued : Logan howl as the-bone claw shatter . creed repeat the process on Logan 's right hand . victor creed . ( cont would ) you be a tough little guy . but there 's always someone tougher . creed plunge he claw hand into Logan 's chest . Logan gasp , eye widen . his tolerance for pain be world - class but this be another level of suffer . victor creed ( cont would ) and it 's always I . creed stand , stare down at Logan 's unmove body . siren moan in the distance . creed walk away . Logan bleed in the snow . we rise above he , higher and higher , he batter body dwindling as we rise with the smoke . int . hospital emergency room - day two male nurse shove a gurney down the corridor . Logan be flat on he back , bloody and unconscious . a surgeon hurry after they , pull on latex glove . surgeon we know what we be look at ? male nurse # 1 . bar fight . male nurse # 2 multiple knife wound . int . operating room - continuous the male nurse transfer Logan from the gurney to the operate bed . one female nurse prepare Logan 's arm for a iv while a second nurse cut open he blood - soak shirt with surgical scissors . the frenetic activity in the room cease . everyone stare at Logan 's unblemish chest . surgeon what be this ? ( co749tnn fn ) 24 . continued : Logan lunge forward , grab the surgeon 's collar and pull the startle man 's face next to he own . logan where be he ? male nurse # 1 hey , hey , easy -- the male nurse struggle to restrain Logan but he 's too strong for they . the surgeon gasp for air . logan where be he ? stryker ( o.s. ) his name be Victor creed . Logan turn and see stryker stand at the entrance to the operate room . stryker ( cont would ) I can help you find he . ext . hospital - day Logan storm out of the hospital , follow by stryker . stryker he escape from a ultramax penitentiary in nevada last year . start murdering mutant . shape - changer in New Mexico , pair of telekinetic twin in California -- Logan turn on stryker , grab the colonel by the throat and shove he against a lamp post . logan Three year I be here . Three year everything 's good . nobody know I . and then one day you show up and the next day she 's dead . stryker I come to warn you -- logan you know he be come . for conttnfjrd 1 25 . continued : stryker shake he head as well as he can with Logan 's hand on he throat . stryker 's face be turn red . logan ( cont would ) how do you know ? stryker he get the list . logan what list ? stryker choke , gasp for air . Logan ease up on he grip but do not release the man . stryker take a deep breath . stryker the list . every know mutant in North America . government 's be keep it for year . name , address , everything . logan how do he get it ? stryker someone must have leak it to he . there be people in Washington who want to see you all destroy . Logan release stryker . the ex-colonel straighten he jacket collar and compose himself . logan creed 's a mutant , too . stryker apparently he do not have much tribal loyalty . Logan turn and walk away . he look like a homeless man , he clothes tear and bloody , he hair dishevel . he walk fast . stryker call after he . stryker ( cont would ) do you have a plan , Captain ? logan I be not in the Army anymore . stryker do you have a plan ? cnnttnt tf. tf 1 26 . continued : ( 2 ) Logan turn and stare at stryker . logan I be gonna track he down and I be gonna end he . that 's the plan . I stryker you already try that . he 's a hundred mile away and you be walk out of the hospital . Logan 's fist be clench . he 's ready to hammer stryker into the ground , but the older man do not back down . stryker ( cont would ) you can not beat he . not the way you be right now . you have probably go you whole life without lose a fight , but I be tell you now , you can not beat he . ( beat ) unless I give you the tool . Logan glare at stryker , still itching for immediate revenge . stryker ( cont would ) you come with I , I promise you two thing . you will suffer more pain than any other man could bear . and you will have you revenge . Logan stare into stryker 's eye . ext . alkali lake - day a black helicopter land on a concrete helipad inside the wall of the massive compound . sentries armed with assault rifle man the guard tower , scan the perimeter with binocular . Logan , stryker and agent Zero step out of the helicopter . Logan glance around the forebode place before follow stryker inside the main building . int . surgical prep room - day Logan lie on he back on a examine table , naked save for a strategically - place towel . ( - onttnttfr ) l 27 . continued : a red-bearded scientist , dr . cornelius , draw blood from Logan with a syringe . a Army surgeon , carol hine , mark Logan 's skin with a indelible pen . he look like a Maori warrior , he body mapped with strange line , dot and x's . stryker watch hine work . stryker could you unsheath you claw ? Logan raise he leave hand . the bone claw pop out , the same length they be before creed shattered they . stryker ( cont would ) remarkable . full regeneration . Logan examine the marking on he forearm . logan the hell you plan on do to I ? hine give stryker a worried look but he ignore she . stryker we be go to make you indestructible . but first we have to destroy you . stryker head for the door but stop midway and turn . stryker ( cont would ) I forget to give you something . he reach into he jacket pocket , pull out a old set of dog tag and toss they to Logan . Logan inspect the tag with ambivalence . logan never want to put this on again . stryker held on to they for year . figure you would be back one day . Logan slip the steel chain over he head . stryker ( cont would ) ( smiling ) now you will always know you name . 28 . int . corridor - day stryker walk down a long concrete corridor light by fluorescent ceiling light . hine step out of the prep room and hurry after he . hine Sir ? stryker stop and wait . for she to catch up . hine ( cont would ) I know we have discuss this before -- he know what she 's go to say . he shake he head and continue down the hallway , force hine to chase after he . stryker ad nauseam , Lieutenant . hine anesthetic will not work on he . his heal factor neutralize drug . include painkiller . stryker he can handle the pain . hine we have never conduct any animal testing -- stryker no other animal would survive the experiment . int . surgical prep room - continuous Logan , wear a hospital - style robe , stand by the close door . no other human could hear the conversation down the hallway . Logan catch every word . hine ( o.s. ) he might not , either . there 's a significant chance the procedure will kill he . ( c_l ) nttnttfn ) 29 . continued : stryker ( o.s. ) correct . some experiment succeed , some fail . that 's why we call they " experiment . " int . corridor - continuous stryker the man 's well - be be not my concern . prove that the science work -- that 's what matter . hine do not relish confrontation and she 's afraid of stryker . but she give it one more try . hine Sir ... I take the hippocratic oath . I swore I would never intentionally harm another human be . stryker turn on hine , jabbing he finger at she . stryker you also swore . to protect you nation . you remember that oath , Lieutenant hine ? hine yes sir , but I do not understand why - stryker I do not need you to understand . I need you to follow order . stryker continue down the corridor , leave hine stand alone in the fluorescent light . int . surgical prep room - moment later hine enter the room to find Logan sit on the examine table , paging through a magazine . he smile up at she . logan you ready for I , Doc ? int . surgical theater - later hine and two medical technician accompany Logan to a water - fill plexiglass tank the size of a lidless coffin . ( ( y ) nttn1 ws ) ) 30 . continued : a array of stainless - steel machine crowd around the tank , include a series of robotic arm that taper into foot - long needle . one wall of the theater be glass . behind the glass be the control room , where stryker look on , hand behind he back . Dr. cornelius and several support staff enter data into computer monitoring the experiment . Logan remove he robe and hand it to hine before step into the tank of water . logan see you on ' the other side . one of the technician fasten a breathe tube , connect to a oxygen tank , to Logan 's mouth . Logan lie down , submerging himself in the cold water . the technician clamp Logan 's wrist and ankle into place with stainless - steel shackle bolt to the plexiglass wall . Logan 's eye be open as he watch the robotic arm swivel into place , poise above he like a gang of metal viper . int . control room - moment later general munson stand in the back of the room , observe the experiment with great interest . agent Zero lean against the back wall , bored , crack he knuckle . hine take a seat beside cornelius , who study a readout on he computer screen . cornelius adamantium temperature ? technician # 1 steady at eighty - two eleven . cornelius feed line clear ? technician # 2 line one through twelve clear . cornelius prepare insertion . 31 . int . surgical theater - continuous Logan lie underwater , watch as the robotic arm descend toward he . the needle begin to spin at high speed , like massive power drill . they churn the water when they enter . close on Logan 's eye as the needle enter he body . the man have suffer gunshot and knife wound , car crash and bottle smashed across he face . he have never suffer this . he close he eye . int . control room - continuous cornelius commence feed . the technician enter command , watch close - up image of the procedure on they monitor . int . surgical theater - continuous Logan writhes in the tank . twelve long needle have drill into he bone , include he skull . technician # 1 ( o.s. ) feed commence at a rate of twenty nine cc 's per second . technician # 2 ( o.s. ) density probe indicate preliminary chelation of the compact tissue . cornelius ( o.s. ) body temperature ? hine ( 0.5 . ) one zero two point three . cornelius ( o.s. ) heart rate ? hine ( o.s. ) one sixty . int . control room - continuous stryker turn and address the general . ( c_c ) nttnttf.t ) ) 32 . continued : stryker you be witness medical history in the make . we have begin bond adamantium to weapon X 's skeleton . general munson I we try to use that stuff for tank armor . too damn expensive . stryker it take we three year to prepare enough alloy for the skeleton . general munson so if this work , I guess weapon X will not be walk through any metal detector . stryker if this work , General , weapon X will walk wherever he want . int . surgical theater - continuous Logan spasm in the tank like a man be electrocute . hine ( o.s. ) heart rate one ninety . cornelius ( o.s. ) density ? technician # 2 ( o.s. ) four four seven . close on Logan 's clench eyelid and closer still , enter the mind of the torture man . horrific image flicker past , select trauma from a deeply traumatic life . Logan cradle the lifeless body of kayla silverfox . the feral boy stare at he monstrous claw and howl . Logan ( look identical in age to the man we have be follow ) stand in a village in Vietnam as bamboo hut - burn around he . 33 . int . control room - continuous general munson how long before he 's mission operative ? stryker remains to be see . we be in unchart territory here . general munson unchart territory be a pretty good description of you budget , Colonel . this do not work , you can kiss the eleven good - bye . stryker we need the eleven . we victory in the war to come depend on it . general munson not everyone in the Pentagon think there 's gonna be a war . stryker turn and fix he gaze on the general . stryker oh , it 's come , General . the enemy walk among we . we would better be prepare . int . surgical theater - continuous Logan thrashes in the tank , he convulsion increasingly violent , he eye roll back in they socket . the water in the tank begin to steam . the reel of blood -stain image from Logan 's past continue . a bull - neck man beat the feral boy with a axe handle . hine ( o.s. ) body temperature one zero eight . heart rate two ten . Sir -- a die Russian lie on he back on a dock in odessa , stare at the sky , he shirt puncture with three precise hole . Logan stare down at he , bone claw extend . ( conttni1ft ) 1 34 . continued : stryker ( o.s. ) he 's a warrior , hine . he can handle it . Victor creed plunge he claw hand into Logan 's gut . cornelius ( o.s. ) density ? technician # 2 ( o.s. ) probe reject , sir . int . control room - continuous general munson be there a problem ? stryker allow himself a small smile . stryker on the contrary . the probe be diamond - tip . it 's not hard enough to penetrate adamantium . hine heart rate two twenty five . Sir , we be well beyond maximum -- stryker you be train to care for human , Doctor . weapon X be not one of we . int . surgical theater - continuous Logan writhes in the tank , muscle coiling and uncoil . the montage of nightmare continue , snapshot from Hell . the feral boy sit alone in the back of a school . bus . while the other child talk and laugh , he cut he thumb with a pocket knife and watch the wound heal . technician # 1 ( o.s. ) chelation near completion . hine ( o.s. ) heart rate two forty four ... two fifty ... two fifty seven ... ( conttntt1 D ' 35 . continued : technician # 2 ( o.s. ) adamantiumreservoir ninety percent deplete . hine ( o.s. ) core temperature one hundred and nineteen degree . . a young stryker , wear jungle fatigue and a necklace of human ear , hold a revolver to the temple of a sobbing viet cong prisoner . stryker smile as he pull the trigger . int . control room - continuous stryker lean close to the glass , watch he test subject 's agony . his experiment will succeed or fail in the next few moment . sweat bead he forehead . stryker easy now . tsurgical theater - continuous ï¿½.. , . , . adamantium claw burst from Logan 's hand , shimmer underwater . craze with pain , he carve through the wall of the plexiglass tank . steam water cascade onto the pour concrete floor . burst free of he restraint , Logan slashes through the robotic arm . spark dance like a swarm of firefly . the dismember machine twitch like wounded beast . Logan rise from the break tank , drench with water , naked save for dozen of long stainless steel needle drill into he body and the wire and hose trail from the needle . Hair matte to he head , eye wild , face contort , he look like a strange amalgam of machine and animal . he tear the breathe tube from he mouth and stare through the window into the control room , panting , claw extend . int . control room - continuous hine sit very still , hand over she mouth . cornelius and the technician rise from they chair and slowly back away from the window . I CC ) nttnttf.t ) I 36 . continued : the general stare at Logan , awed by the sight of the live weapon . even agent Zero no longer look bored . stryker magnificent . int . surgical theater - continuous Logan slashes through the lock of the steel - reinforce theater door . he charge out of the room . int . control room - continuous for a moment there be silence in the control room . general munson I take it this be still part of the plan , Colonel ? stryker he 's get nowhere to run . close circuit monitor show Logan run down a tunnel . stryker ( cont would ) the only exit be a 25 ton blast door . it be build to withstand a nuclear detonation . int . corridor - continuous Logan hurry down a long tunnel hewn through solid rock , leave a trail of watery footprint . he stop in front of the battleship-steel door at the end of the tunnel . growl , he carve through the door as if it be cardboard . int . control room - continuous the savage blast door flicker on the monitor . Logan be free . the general stare at stryker . stryker lick he lip . stryker ( to agent Zero ) alert the containment team . bring he back . ( ( be ) nttntjf .j ) ) 37 . continued : agent zero bag or breathe ? stryker either way . just bring he back . ext . alkali lake - night a full moon shine down on the freeze landscape . Logan have exite the alkali Lake complex beyond the high wall of the compound . the lake itself shimmer in the moonlight . Logan stare at the lonely moon . a wolf howl in the distance . his breath rise above he in the cold air ; he wet hair freeze . ignoring the gust wind and bitter chill , he run through the snow toward the distant wood . ext . wood - night Logan run . pine tree tower above he . he enter a clear where the virgin snow glitter beneath the moon . he stop move and peer through the darkness . he smell something come closer . a pack of gray wolve emerge from the wood , surround Logan . snow dust they fur . they look hungry , they blue eye unblink as they watch this pale interloper . the leader of the pack , a muscular brute far bigger than he comrade , snarl at Logan . Logan stare back at the wolf . the wolf jump at Logan , fang bare , aim for the man 's throat . Logan sidestep and the wolf hurtle past , skid on the snow when he land . Logan and the wolf circle each other , look for weakness . the wolf gnashes its wet tooth and pounce again . man and beast battle in the moonlight , a shadowy combat of ferocious velocity , of gleam fang and gray fur . the wolf lunge for Logan 's throat again , but this time Logan catch the wolf in one hand and slam it to the snow . the wolf , desperate to escape , rake Logan 's arm with he claw . Logan ignore the bloody welt . rc ) nttnttf.t ) ) 38 . continued : his face be close to the wolf 's face and they stare into each other 's eye , predator to predator . snikt ! Logan press the claw of he leave hand to the wolf 's throat . the wolf quit fight , mewl submissively . he go slack in Logan 's grip , roll over to signal surrender . Logan stand over the newly - subservient alpha wolf . the other wolf in the pack stare at the strange champion . intense light shine on Logan 's face . he turn and see that he 's surround by a dozen soldier wear tactical armor . powerful flashlight be mount to the barrel of they gun , which be point at Logan . the wolf flee , dodging through the pine , they paw kick up snow . soldier # 1 put you hand in the air ! int . control room - night stryker and the other be able to watch Logan in action , as night -vision security camera mount in the tree beam a constant live feed back to monitor in the control room . stryker this soldier be the creme de la creme . they be equip to handle the situation . ext . wood - night Logan try to gauge he enemy , stare into the harsh light - he growl . soldier # 1 hand in the air , now ! Logan charge at the soldier . the soldier fire they weapon . this be not rifle but high - power taser . twelve dart sink into Logan 's skin , each connect to a silvery wire . thousands of volt of electricity course through Logan 's body . ( fc ) nttnijf . n 39 . continued : gritting he tooth and fight through the pain , he slice the twelve wire with he claw and advance on the stunne soldier . int . control room - night the monitor show the fall soldier lie in the snow . for a moment everyone in the room be quiet . hine the creme de la creme just get cream . stryker give she a very nasty look before turn to General munson and speak in calming tone . stryker there 's a high-voltage fence on the perimeter of the base -- general munson be it make out of adamantium ? ext . hudson farm - day a old chevrolet pickup truck rattles down a snow - cover road that pass acre of freeze farm field . a good Sam Club sticker be paste on the rear bumper . int . chevrolet - continuous jame and heather hudson , a middle - age farmer and he middle - age wife , be bundle up in heavy parkas . James drive ; he wife talk . heather hudson marge will probably make she walnut pie again . I think I would do meringue this year . try something different . do not you think ? jame hudson yep . heather hudson you like my meringue , do not you ? jame hudson yep . ( ( y ) nttn ! jrr 1 40 . continued : heather hudson ( good - humored ) yep . yep . forty year of conversation , all I get be yep . Heather grab she husband 's arm . heather hudson ( cont would ) Jimmy ! James turn in time to see a naked man sprint across the snow and slip inside a red sheep barn . heather hudson ( cont would ) I think there 's a naked man in the barn . jame hudson .yep . int . sheep barn - day James Hudson cautiously slide he barn door open . he hold a old shotgun in he hand , a gun he have not fire in year . he advance slowly into the barn , sunlight from the open door fall on the scattered straw . a vintage motorcycle cover in a tarp stand near the side wall . Hudson look inside each sheep pen . his thick - wool sheep , ready for breakfast , bleat hopefully . in the third pen Hudson find Logan , who have cover himself with straw . a few curious sheep sniff at the fugitive 's face . Hudson stare at Logan , who stare back somewhat , well , sheepishly . jame hudson Son ... what in hell be you do ? logan sorry ... it 's a little cold out there . jame hudson uh huh . it 's the middle of January and you get no clothes on . logan that 's probably it . ( cfnttnewf ) 41 . continued : Hudson sigh and lower he shotgun . jame hudson you be not on the drug , be you ? logan no sir . jame hudson just have a rough night ? logan pretty rough , yeah . jame hudson all right , come on . I get some old clothes will probably fit you . he turn and Logan begin cover strategic place with wad of straw . jame hudson ( cont would ) I will take you around back so my wife do not see you again . logan sorry if I scared she . jame hudson scare she ? ( snort ) I be not worried about you scare she . int . kitchen - day Logan sit at the breakfast table with James and Heather . he wear a old plaid shirt , dungaree , and a pair of scuff work boot . a heaping breakfast lie before he : scramble egg , pork sausage , pancake with maple syrup , a steaming mug of coffee . Logan devour everything in front of he , look up only to nod in thanks as Heather scoops more food onto he plate . jame hudson you mind if I ask where you come run from ? r( ) nttnitf .n ) 42 . continued : heather hudson Jimmy . let the boy eat . Logan pile egg onto a slice of butter toast . jame hudson I be just wonder . we be twenty mile from town . it 's a miracle you do not get hypothermia out there . logan I have get good circulation . ( gesture toward barn ) Nice chopper you get out there , by the way . James 's face light up . Logan have find the man 's passion . , jame hudson you know motorcycle ? logan what be it , ' 48 panhead ? jame hudson best bike harley - davidson ever make . first one with a seventy - four - cubic inch engine , hydraulic valve lifter , aluminum head -- Heather stand to clear the plate . heather hudson now you have get he start . you need more of anything ? Logan , smile , hold up he hand to surrender . the smile fade when he see the red laser dot appear on Heather 's shirt . heather hudson ( cont would ) what 's the matter , honey ? Logan dive across the table , try to knock she out of the way , but the bullet beat he there , punch through the window frame and straight through Heather Hudson 's heart . she collapse in Logan 's arm . jame hudson what -- ( conttniwif 1 43. continued : ( 2 ) logan get down ! but it 's too late . a second bullet hit James in the back ; the farmer blink and topple forward , dead before he hit - the ground . ext . hudson farm - continuous agent Zero lie on he belly three hundred yard from the farmhouse . he lower he sniper rifle and speak into he headset . agent zero weapon X be in the farmhouse . he just murder .two civilian .. Fire at will . a apache longbow helicopter streak overhead , fifty foot above the ground . int . kitchen - continuous Logan check James Hudson 's pulse but find none . he look up when he hear the thrum of the military helicopter . two good samaritan lie dead at he foot , slaughter for shelter he . something bestial have . enter Logan 's eye . ext . hudson farm - continuous - the Apache circle the farmhouse . int . apache longbow - continuous both the pilot and the gunner wear helmet with monocular eyepiece that provide image from the external camera . gunner' eyepiece Pov the farmhouse be center in the crosshair . scrol number to the side of the image indicate the range in meter . the gunner 's finger tighten on the trigger . int_ kitchen - continuous Logan growl and run for the door . 44 . int . apache longbow - continuous the gunner squeeze the trigger . ext . hudson farm - continuous the Apache fire multiple hellfire rocket , which blast out of they launcher and rip into the farmhouse . the old Hudson homestead collapse as the explosion blow out the roof and the support wall . int . apache longbow - continuous gunner direct hit . ext . hudson farm - continuous agent zero locate the target and fire again . int . apache longbow - continuous the gunner glance at he pilot . both man seem mystify by the command . gunner Sir ... the target 's destroy . agent zero ( o.s. ) repeat : locate the target and fire again . ext . hudson farm - continuous the Apache circle the smoking ruin where the house once stand . no sign of Logan be visible in the scorched debris . int . apache longbow - continuous gunner they must have hate this guy big time . t c'_c? nttnttri ) 1 45 . continued : pilot what be he , terrorist or something ? gunner I do not know but he 's a puddle now . ext . hudson farm - continuous the Apache hover near the sheep barn , rotor blade fan the rise smoke . int . apache longbow - continuous as the gunner continue to scout the ground for any sign of a corpse , the pilot notice something out of the corner of he eye . he stare at the roof of the sheep barn . a smoke - darken figure stare back at he . ext . sheep barn - continuous Logan , claw extend , skin blacken with soot , jump from the roof of the barn . he land on the helicopter windshield . int . apache longbow - continuous the pilot nearly jump out of he seat . pilot Jesus ! Logan raise he right hand and plunge he claw through the bulletproof glass . ext . hudson farm - continuous agent Zero watch the Apache plummet to the ground . he snort with amusement and activate he headset . agent zero you boy just take down fifty million dollar worth of hardware . guess I get to do this myself . 46 . int . stryker' office - day stryker sit alone in he office , pinching the bridge of he nose . it 's be a long day for the colonel . stryker ( on headset ) negative . come back to base . agent zero ( o.s. ) have a little faith , boss . stryker you do not have the weaponry ... ext . hudson farm - day agent zero do not care what kind of bone he 's get . fifty caliber bullet through he eyeball ought to do it . stryker ( o.s. ) Nord , goddamnit - - agent zero I be lose you , boss . agent Zero click off he headset and . raise the sniper rifle , search through the smoke with he scope . agent zero ( cont would ) ( mutter to himself ) come out and play ... ext . sheep barn - continuous Logan emerge from the Apache 's wreckage and run toward the sheep barn door . a bullet crack he in the forehead and Logan fall backwards into the snow , stunne . for a few second we can glimpse the adamantium of he skull . his heal factor take over and he skin begin to knit itself back together . Logan combat crawl inside the sheep barn . 47 . int . sheep darn - continuous he throw the tarp off the ' 48 harley . James Hudson restore this bike with love and elbow grease . the chrome and leather shine as brightly as any new model on the factory floor . the key be in the ignition . this use to be a safe neighborhood . ext . sheep barn - continuous Logan burst out of the barn on the harley . the tire spin on the snow but Logan be a experience rider . he steady the bike , steer it onto the blacktop and accelerate , head in the opposite direction from agent Zero . ext . hudson farm - continuous agent Zero grab he rifle and jog over to a black suv with tinted window and off-road tire . ext . county road - day Logan speed down the road , agent Zero in hot pursuit . Zero gain ground , both hunter and quarry racing past 100 mph . int . suv - day agent Zero grab a atchisson assault shotgun from a rack behind he seat that hold a impressive array of weaponry . he lower the passenger window and get a bead on Logan , who swerve to keep himself ( and he more fragile motorcycle ) a tricky target . ext . county road - day agent Zero fire six shell in rapid succession . hundred of steel pellet scream over the motorcycle , perforate the face of a smile farmer on a fertilizer billboard . Logan turn and see the suv close on he . agent Zero ram the bumper into the harley and Logan very nearly lose control , manage to right the bike at the last second . ( c'onttntirf 1 48 . continued : Logan accelerate and open up thirty yard of breathe room . he turn and see agent Zero catch up again . Logan clamp on the brake , hard . he hold out he leave hand and extend he claw . the tip of the blade scrape the asphalt and spark fly . the suv can not brake in time . as it hurtle past the motorcycle , Logan 's claw hit the suv 's front tire and shred it instantly . a split-second later he shred the rear tire . the suv totter , fall to its side , and barrel roll across the empty road . it end up on its roof in a drainage ditch , wheel still spin in the air . Logan turn he bike and pull up next to the upend suv . he lower the kickstand , stand , and walk to the driver 's side . agent Zero , bloody and daze , have manage to push open the door . he lean out and aim he shotgun at Logan , who slice the weapon into four piece with a sweep of he claw . Logan grab agent Zero by the back of the neck and haul he out of the car . logan that be good people back there . innocent people . agent Zero surreptitiously pull a commando knife from a sheath on he ankle . agent zero you ever notice good people tend to die when they spend time with you ? he swing the knife at the side of Logan 's neck . ` Logan catch agent Zero 's wrist and slam it against the door frame . agent Zero drop the knife with a pain smile . he do not think that would work . agent zero ( cont would ) maybe you should stick with the bad people . we be more you speed . logan I get a message for you boss . ( c'_onttnttf .t ) I 49 . continued : ( 2 ) agent zero ( smirking ) yeah ? tell I . the smirk fade from Zero 's face as he see the adamantium claw plunging toward he heart . ext . gas station - day Logan stand at a pay phone beside the texaco station , watch a couple of skateboard punk practice they olly . he punch in a number and wait for the connection . operator ( o.s. ) Department of Agriculture . logan get I the pest Control division . operator ( o.s. ) I be sorry , sir , there be no pest Control division . logan why do not you get them anyway . and tell them Logan 's call . while he wait he watch one of the kid attempt a backside tailslide on the curb . the kid lose he balance and wipe out , skin he palm on the asphalt . stryker ( o.s. ) where be you ? logan ( control fury ) you should not have kill that people . all they be do be help a stranger . int . stryker' office - day stryker sit behind the desk of he office . his aide , collin , stand on the other side of the desk , listen in on a extension . stryker you run on I , goddamnit . we have a deal . now you get back to base -- 50 . ext . gas station - continuous we continue to intercut between the gas station and stryker 's office . logan they have nothing to do with this . you let that mad dog gun them down like they be animal . stryker I be give you a order , soldier ! return tobase -- logan have enough order for one lifetime . ( beat ) I be go after Victor creed . for several second there be silence on the line . stryker we be bring you in . one way or another , we be bring you in . Logan bow he head , consider he next word . logan people like you be always wait for the next war . you start one with I , Colonel , you better sleep with the light on . he hang up the phone and walk to he bike . the skateboard punk give he a wide berth . ext . san diego zoo - day close time at the big zoo and family flock toward the parking lot . sanitation worker clean the trash from the walk path . ext . lemur island - day the lemur habitat be cultivate to mimic the environment of madagascar . four ring -tailed lemur swing from the branch of the baobab tree , shriek at each other . for rc ) nttnttpd I 51 . continued : they congregate in a small wooden hut with a peak roof , where they scamper up and down the back of francis , a slender , bald man in a zoo keeper 's uniform . Francis have a gentle smile as he feed the lemur leaf - eater biscuit . he speak to they as they shriek , : clamber over he lap , biscuit clutch in they tiny hand . francis she do what ? ninna , that be not very nice . he give one of the female lemur a admonish look . she shriek and dance away , biscuit hold to she chest . francis ( cont would ) you must have do something to deserve it , myrto . oh , you bit she ? why ? have not we talk about this ? the lemur all quiet down at the same time . Francis watch they . something be wrong . the lemur flee , ducking into hole in the baobab tree , hide from whatever 's come . Francis frown and turn . Victor creed stand above he . victor creed everyone think you be a lunatic , talk to animal . but I know you be not , Francis . you understand they , do not you ? that 's you power . Francis look for help but there be no one in sight . victor creed ( cont would ) what do they tell you ? Francis be quiet for a few second , stare at the killer . francis nothing very fancy . they tell I when they be scared . when they be angry . when they be hungry . victor creed you ever talk to a panther , Francis ? Francis shake he head . conttni7ff ) 1 52 . continued : ( 2 ) '' ¿½1 victor creed ( cont . would ) every now and then a white panther come along . albino . the mama panther will not even look at it . she will not lick it , she will not feed it , nothing . so pretty soon the white panther die . you know why ? ( off Francis 's silence ) White panther be mistake . and nature take care of its mistake . francis there be no mistake . we be all part of the plan . we be all God 's child . creed grin , lick he sharp fang . victor creed I do not know who my daddy be , but it sure as Hell be not God . Francis bow he head . francis I be not afraid of die . creed run one long claw across Francis 's cheek . victor creed how do you know ? you have never do it before . CUT to : ninna the ring -taile lemur mewl softly , try to hide herself deep within the baobab tree as she human friend scream . ext . las vega strip - night Logan , riding James Hudson 's vintage motorcycle , roll down the famous strip , light by the mammoth neon sign above he . he stop at a red light and stare at the lonely moon rise over the desert . lady of the night ( o.s. ) you look like a man who could use a night off . ( C fnttnttrt ) 1 53. continued : Logan turn to look at a redhead in a tight silver dress , wait at the light in she cadillac convertible . she look like she 's expensive , and she look like she would be worth it . logan you be way out of my league , darlin' . lady of the night you never know . you look for a good time with a bad woman ? Logan smile and shake he head . logan not tonight . the redhead purse she lip . lady of the night you do not know what you be miss . Logan revs he engine as the light change . logan I know exactly what I be miss . the courtesan wait at the green light , . watch Logan speed off into the night - ext . boxing gym - night in a seedy part of town , far from the casinos ' bright light , Logan walk through the front door of a rundown box gym . int . boxing gym - night even at this hour the gym be pack with aspire pugilist . Las Vegas have become the Mecca of world box , and many 'of the fighter here exhibit impressive skill as they batter the heavy bag , tap at the speed bag , and jump rope . Logan walk toward a ring in the center of the gym . two young boxer inside the rope , wear headgear and sparring glove , dance around throw quick jab that do not land . JOHN wraith ( 45 ) stand outside the ring , watch this action with evident distaste . he wear a black cowboy hat , sunglass , and a handlebar mustache . he have the swagger and drawl of a rodeo cowboy . ! ( 'onttnttf.t ) ) 54 . continued : wraith this be a contact sport , lady . if you do not like hit people , try golf . Logan come up behind wraith , unseen by the Texan .. logan you talk tough for a guy who always let I do the dirty work . a slow smile crease wraith 's face . he turn . wraith look at this . you never get old , do you ? the two men'embrace . there be genuine affection here , the camaraderie of man who have fight together , ble together . wraith ( cont would ) nobody follow you ? logan you tryin ' to insult I ? wraith can not be too careful , brother . I have be retire five year I still check under the car every time I drive . logan I be look for Victor creed . wraith 's face go serious at the mention of the name . he look around the gym , make sure no one 's watch they . he glance at the boxer in the ring , who lean on the rope and breathe heavily , await instruction . wraith why do not you two get a manicure or something and meet I back here in the morning . ( to Logan ) want a beer ? logan always . ( c_onttnttf .t ) ' 55 . continued : ( 2 ) wraith lead Logan toward a office in the back , drape a arm around he shoulder . wraith I love you like a brother . so I be give you thirty minute . after that , you be too dangerous to know . int . wraith' office - night the window in the office look out on the training boxer . wraith lead Logan inside and grab two longneck bottle of beer from a mini-fridge . wraith what I hear , we friend the Colonel 's get eye all over the country look for you . he be not about to let weapon X go rogue on he . wraith pop the cap off the beer bottle and hand one to Logan . logan what 's weapon X ? they tap glass . wraith you be . a walk , talk , hundred - million dollar experiment . logan you know about it . wraith sit behind he desk and put he boot up . Logan sit across from he . wraith I keep my ear to the ground . people like we , we never really quit the game . logan I do . woke up one day and know I be do . Logan peel the label from he bottle of beer . for conttnttft ) ) 56 . continued : logan ( cont would ) stryker use to give I a new name every Monday . and by the end of the week , I would draw a line through it . ( beat ) I .put a whole lot of people under the ground . and one day I realize ... stryker be never gonna run out of name . wraith nod , meditative . wraith we friend the Colonel have big plan . logan what kind of plan ? wraith hear a lot of chatter about something call the eleven . my boy in Arlington say it 's the biggest covert weapon project since FDR build himself a atom bomb . other than that , no one know a goddamn thing . wraith place he bottle on he desk and sit up straight in he chair . wraith ( cont would ) look , I ... I hear about what happen to you woman . for what it 's worth , I be sorry . Logan nod . he do not want to talk about it . wraith ( cont would ) I do a little contract work with creed back in the day . I have know some seriously foul people , but that cat ... they say he take out a whole village in Nicaragua one time , every man , woman , and child , kill them all , just ' cause he be bored . ( beat ) I be screw , sue , and tattooe , but I never kill no kid . c'onttniirt ) I 57 . continued : ( 2 ) logan creed do government work ? wraith till they get wise to he . wherever he go there be a trail of body . and not always the right body , you know what I be say ? there be murder in Logan 's eye . logan help I find he . wraith he 's a hard cat to track . logan just tell I where to start look . I will do the rest . wraith tap the bottleneck , consider . wraith might want to talk to he friend from the ultramax . logan the prison he bust out of ? wraith ( nodding ) fed build it to hold the baddest of the bad mutant . worked pretty well . only problem -- now they all know each other . ( beat ) you ever hear of a guy name Fred J. duke ? logan nope . wraith people call he the blob . you find he , you will know why . get out of the hoosegow a few month ago . go home to Iowa . town call elgin . logan you think he 's still in touch with creed ? for c_onttntirt ) 1 58 . continued : ( 3 ) wraith lean back in he chair and allow himself another slow smile . wraith I bet you will find out . ext . highway - night Logan , on he harley , speed past a welcome sign for elgin , Iowa , population 676 . ext . roadside motel - night the neon vacancy sign shine , a beacon for tired traveller in the heartland . int . motel room - night Logan lie on top of the bed cover , hand behind he head . the light be out and Fox News play on the television , casting the small room in blue light . insert television a reporter stand in a Detroit alleyway as police officer in the background cordon off the area from onlooker . reporter this be the 13th confirm mutant slay of the last two month , and with the investigation apparently stall , member of the mutant community be voice they outrage . a young woman wear a " mutant be human , too " t-shirt speak passionately for the camera . young woman of course there 's bias at work here . if this be normal people get . chop up , you better believe there would be a FBI Task Force investigate , there would be all sort of resource allocate to find this killer . why be it that when violence be do to we community , the nation turn its back ? ( more ) ( rnnttwurd 59 . continued : young woman ( cont would ) if the government can not protect we , we be gonna have to start protect ourselves . in the corner of the tv screen , carve directly into the brick wall of the alley , be a crude smiley face . end insert Logan 's expression do not change as he watch the report . we only indication that he 's boil inside be the look of dark vengeance in he eye , and the finger of he right hand , which clench into a fist , unclench , clench again . he lower the volume with the remote , pick up the telephone and dial a number . we hear four ring . kayla ( o.s. ) ( on answer machine ) hey , you have reach kayla and Logan . we be not home right now so please leave a message after the beep and we will get back to you as soon as we can . bye ! beep . Logan replace the receiver in its cradle and ' lie back , alone in the world . ext . supermarket parking lot - day a mother push she shopping cart towards she minivan . her young , freckle son hold she hand , gaze fearfully at Logan , who stand on the edge of the lot smoking a cigar . he look out of place in this quiet , midwestern town . Logan wink at the kid . he drop he cigar , grind it out with the toe of he boot , and head for the supermarket . int . supermarket - day two stock boy , wear bright blue vest over red shirt , stand at one of the aisle divider , hide behind a stack of breakfast pastry . they be plainly terrify . stock boy # 1 say something . stock boy # 2 you say something . it 's you section ! ( c_onttnttf.t) 1 60 . continued : stock boy # 1 dude ... the stock boy peek around the divider . fred J. duke , a.k.a. , the blob , stand in the center of the aisle , tear open bag of pork rind and pour they down he gullet . duke be the biggest man you have ever see . by a long shot . just shy of seven foot tall and weigh in at half a ton , he 's beyond fat . Beyond obese . his eye look like pinprick in the swollen enormity of he face . when he shift he bulk , ripple cascade down he flank , he flesh tremble with each breath . logan ( o.s. ) Jesus , duke ... duke , mouth and chin dust with fry pork skin , turn he head to examine the pest stand next to he . logan ( cont would ) maybe it 's time to give the pork rind a rest . duke swing he arm . despite he enormous mass , the man move with surprising speed . not quick enough to catch Logan , though , who duck beneath the blow . duke 's forearm , thicker than a fire hydrant , smashes through the steel shelving . bag of pork rind and potato chip tumble to the floor . snikt ! Logan show he glitter claw to the big man . logan ( cont would ) I will fillet you stand , fat man . that what you want ? duke hesitates . that be not what he want . , logan ( cont would ) . where 's Victor creed ? duke grunt and bull forward , toppling the heavily - laden shelf into the next aisle . panicked shopper scream and run for the exit . duke blast through the cereal aisle , too , with a great rending of steel , he giant shoe crush box of lucky charm as he stomp into the produce section . conptni ) f.t) 1 61 . continued : ( 2 ) a coconut bounce off duke 's head . enrage , the giant turn and see Logan stand by a pile of hairy coconut , toss one in he hand like a baseball . logan ( cont would ) you be gonna help I , bub . you_just do not know it yet . duke bellow and run at Logan . a coconut pelt he in the face , anger he further . Logan jump out of the way as duke bring down he massive fist . coconut explode . duke charge after Logan , shatter watermelon , stack grapefruit , cluster of bananas . after a thirty second rampage duke be exhaust , he giant chest heaving as he gasp for air , he hand and face splatter with remnant of crush fruit . Logan jump onto duke ' back . the fat man roar and spin around , try to buck the little rider , but Logan 's get one arm wrap around duke ' throat and he 's not let go . the spin make duke a little dizzy and he slow down . Three adamantium claw shine in the big fellow 's face , reflect the overhead fluorescent light . duke quit , he massive shoulder slumping . he sink to he knee , he great bulk split the linoleum floor . Logan press he claw against duke ' quivering jowl . logan ( cont would ) where 's creed ? fred J. duke how the hell would I know ? logan come on , he 's you friend . when be the last time you talk to he ? fred J. duke friend ? he do not have any friend . all he 's get be victim . logan careful , duke . I can smell a lie before you even tell it . the blob begin to cry , the great bellow of he cheek tremble , tear and snot dribble down he face . 1 ronttntteh 1 62 . continued : ( 3 ) fred J. duke I be not lie ! I do not know where he be . Logan pull a handkerchief out of he back pocket and hand it to duke . logan all right , take it easy . duke blow he nose into the handkerchief , one of history 's loudest and most violent nasal ejaculation . he offer back the soile handkerchief . Logan wave it off . logan ( cont would ) it 's a gift . duke take a deep breath , gather himself . fred J. duke you ever be to Superior ? logan the club for mutant ? down in New Orleans ? fred J. duke creed like to party down there . talk about it all the time -- how hot the girly be . that 's all I know . Logan shave duke ' jaw with the edge of he claw . logan Nah . you know more than that . duke tilt he face , try to keep he face from get scrape off . fred J. duke Joint 's own by a guy name barbarus . share a cell with creed in the ultramax . anyone know where to find he , it 's barbarus . Logan stare into the blob 's face , gaug the man 's word . logan he better be there , freddie . and he better know something good . ( more ) ( r'nnt T not tf.n ) 63. continued : ( 4 ) logan ( cont would ) ' Cause I be in a mood for violence and you be way too big to hide . int . conference room - day stryker stand by a window - overlook alkali Lake while General munson sit at the head of the conference table . stryker we have information that he be in Las Vegas two night ago . we will find he soon . general munson this be turn into a goddamn disaster , Colonel . stryker I disagree . I would say the experiment have be a success . general munson success ? be you kid I ? stryker weapon X be a prototype . nothing more . he 's the walk proof that enhance skeleton be viable . that , along with the heal factor we have replicate from he blood , will insure that the eleven be capable of protect we species from extinction . ( beat ) at this point , Logan be merely a inconvenience . he will not be for long . general munson I be sorry , William . I have lose confidence in you leadership . I be go to recommend you dismissal to the Joint Chiefs . stryker stare out the window at the distant lake , with no visible reaction to the General 's word . stryker disappoint , General . expected , but still ... disappoint . I conttn :] m ) 64 . continued : General munson take a sip of water from the glass in front of he . general munson I know you believe in what you be do . but I do not . War with the mutant be not inevitable . the general cough . he begin to look confuse as he cough again , he breathe go suddenly rag . he clutches at he chest . a thin smile curl stryker 's lip . he turn to regard the General . stryker you be have a massive heart attack , sir . lead cause of death for man in you age bracket . the general gasp for air , try to rise to he foot . in he death throes , he knock the glass of water from the table . it shatter on the floor . stryker .( cont would ) the war be come . it 's time to choose side . the general collapse - and stryker stand above he , stare down at the die man with pitiless eye . stryker ( cont would ) you choose treason . ext . club superior - night a heavy rain fall in the french Quarter . there be no sign outside the club , only . a gargantuan bouncer stand in front of a unmark door in a dark alley . the bouncer apprise the stocky mutant walk he way . bouncer you superior ? only when we go close on the bouncer do we realize he have a single eye , large and bloodshot , center in he forehead .. Logan raise both hand . snikt ! a single claw extend from he right hand . ( onttnttf.t ) ) 65 . continued : he shove the claw straight through he leave palm , retract the blade , and show he wounded palm to the bouncer . the bouncer see the wound heal and open the door . bouncer ( cont would ) welcome home , brother . int . club superior - moment later the dimly - light club be the size of a warehouse and jamme with partying mutant . most of they look like normal human but a few be " overt , " distinguished by curling horn , scale skin and other genetic abnormality . a sexy waitress walk by with a tray of drink . she wink at Logan . a " kiss I , I be a mutant " button be pin to she shirt . industrial beat pour out of speaker bolt to the ceiling . Logan survey the room . a young pusher approach , he long sideburn shave into scimitar run down he jawline . pusher you lookin ' for help , man ? up , downs , in - between . what you need ? logan Wild rose for the moon . pusher Wild rose ... that some new hash out of Amsterdam ? logan something like that . you see my buddy barbarus ? the dealer point toward a staircase at the back of the club . pusher VIP room . but hold up , bro , . I get what you be look for . logan trust I , bub -- you do not . Logan head for the staircase . 66 . int . club superior , second floor - night Logan try to enter the VIP room but a muscle - bound skinhead with mutant power brand on he biceps block he path . skinhead private party . logan I be on the list . Logan . the skinhead raise he clipboard and examine the list . skinhead last name ? Logan 's fist split the clipboard and crush the skinhead 's nose . the muscle- bound brute slump to the floor , unconscious . Logan step over he and into the VIP room . logan unknown . int . VIP room - continuous the VIP mutant - sit at plush booth , down shot of tequila . they grope they girlfriend . they arm wrestle and compare tattoo and gobble down fry oyster . barbarus sit in a corner booth . he wear a custom - make wife - beater . the brutally - muscle mutant have four arm , all sleeve in tattoo . one hand pour himself a new glass of Jack Daniel 's . a second hand gouge he name into the table top with a black steel commando knife . the third drum the beat of the current song on the vinyl booth 's backrest . the fourth hand pet pantera , the nubile mutant sit on he lap , a beautiful young woman entirely cover in glisten black fur . her yellow eye glitter . Logan approach the table . barbarus stare up at he . pantera purr , yellow eye on Logan . barbarus ( nuzzling he girl ) oh , I hear about this li'l fella . Mr. creed beat he to hell . ( c_onttnttrt ) 1 67 . continued : logan I come back . where be he ? barbarus somewhere in America . do what he do best . logan what 's that ? barbarus put people 's inside on the outside . logan he 's kill mutant , bub . barbarus smile , twenty finger drum on the table top . barbarus some mutant need kill . logan you get that right . snikt ! barbarus shove he girlfriend out of the way and stand , unsheathe three more black commando knife from he belt . the other mutant quiet down , watch the firework . barbarus swing , the four knife whistling through the air . Logan duck under they and continue to bob and weave as barbarus advance behind a whirlwhind of black steel . Logan slashes and one severe hand fall to the ground . barbarus howl , stabbing at Logan with he three good arm . Logan 's claw flash through the air again , and another neatly severe hand land on the table . Logan retract he claw and curl one finger : come at I . barbarus , shame and furious , gather himself and charge . Logan time he punch perfectly , pivote on the ball of he foot and hit barbarus with a uppercut that sound like a well - hit baseball . barbarus crash to the floor . pantera hiss and pounce at Logan , she black claw aim at he face . Logan backhand she . she hit the floor and slide across the hardwood . c_nwttaatft ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) Logan kneel beside barbarus . logan ( cont would ) you want to keep you other hand ? where be he ? blood dribble from barbarus 's lip . he spit out a tooth . barbarus he do not send I postcard . logan no ? Way I hear it , you two be practically boyfriend before he bust out . barbarus busted out ? ( laughing ) you be misinform . Victor creed get himself a government pardon . some fella from the Department of Agriculture come and pick he up . logan you be lie to I . barbarus grin , he tooth red from the blood in he mouth . barbarus no , sir . but somebody be . int . parking garage - night a five -story concrete parking structure on the edge of Las Vegas . John wraith walk to he black . ' 68 mustang , whistling a Jerry Jeff Walker song . when he get to the car he drop to the floor and check the underbody for bomb . nothing down there . he stand , reach into he pocket for he key . victor creed ( o.s. ) you think I would use a bomb on you , johnny Boy ? wraith spin around . Victor creed sit on a concrete parapet , the desert wind blow he filthy blonde hair . he hop off the parapet and walk toward wraith . ( cowtniiefl 1 69 . continued : victor creed ( cont would ) it 's all about human contact for I . wraith quickly unlock the car door and get in . he slip the key into the ignition . the engine turn on the first try . wraith hit the gas and the mustang squeal out in reverse . he slam on the brake , shift into drive , and gun the car right at creed . a instant before impact , creed sidestep the car and punch through the driver 's window . it 's a miracle of a punch , time perfectly , a crush shot to wraith 's jaw . wraith lose control . of the car and it sideswipe a park hummer , spin to a stop against a concrete wall . wraith blink and try to clear he head . creed reach inside the break window and haul the Texan out . he lift the bleed man into the air and flash he white fang . victor creed ( cont would ) hear you be talk out of school . wraith he will find you . victor creed that 's the plan . it 's a lot easier than find he . creed slam wraith against the concrete wall and plunge he claw deep into wraith 's gut . the Texan 's mouth open as the full force of the pain hit he . creed whisper in he ear . victor creed ( cont would ) I can feel you spine , johnny Boy . a sicken crunch as vertebrae be crush like walnut shell . victor creed ( cont would ) never know you have one . creed drop wraith 's body to the ground . 70 . int . hine ' house - night Carol hine , the Army surgeon last see in alkali Lake , unlock she front door and step inside she house . she look exhaust , with deep circle under she eye . she put she key and the mail on a table by the door and then look up , startle , when she hear shrieking . hine , very nervous , advance into the dark kitchen . she flick on the light . a red kettle on the stove top whistle . a mug wait on the counter . hine , mystify , turn off the burner . logan ( v.0 . ) pour yourself a cup of tea . hine spin around . Logan sit at the kitchen table , a unlit cigar in he mouth . logan ( cont would ) it 's gonna be a long night . int . hine ' house - later they both sit at the kitchen table now . Logan smoke he cigar and watch hine , who clutches she mug of tea with tremble hand . Logan watch she through the haze of smoke . logan careful , Doc . I can smell a lie . I can hear it . maybe you start to sweat a little bit . maybe the pitch of you voice change . but I will know . ( beat ) tell I about creed . hine open she mouth , close it , open it again . hine I can not . please ... you do not know what they will do to I . logan nope . but I know exactly what I will do to you . ( rnnttnt1ft ) I 71 . continued : hine stare at Logan and he stare back . hine I do not believe you . you be different than they be . you would not hurt a innocent person . logan you be not innocent , Doc . he lean forward , forearm on the tabletop . logan ( cont would ) what do Victor creed have to do with the weapon X program ? hine it 's not the weapon X program , it 's the weapon ultra program . start sixty - five year ago . they have be try to make the perfect soldier for a long time . first to fight the Nazis . then the Communists . now it 's mutant . logan so where do weapon X fit in ? hine close she eye and take a deep breath . hine you do not understand . X be a letter but it 's also a Roman numeral . weapon " ex " be a nickname . officially , you be weapon ten . ( beat ) Victor creed be weapon nine . hine watch he , unsure how he will react . hine ( cont would ) both of you be experiment ... prototype . the final product be almost ready . weapon eleven . Logan 's face darken as the extent of he betrayal become clear to he . logan creed work for stryker . hine nod . I conttni] rm 72 . continued : ( 2 ) logan ( cont would ) be order it . he order creed to kill she . hine can see Logan 's mount fury . she hold up she hand . hine I do not know about anyone get kill . I be just a scientist . I work in a lab sixteen hour a day . logan just follow order , huh ? hine he be you commanding officer for year . how many people do you kill on he order ? Logan stare at she for a long count . she stare back , terrify but resolute . logan all this time I be hunt creed , and he 's just a puppet . it 's stryker pull the string . he stub out he cigar on the breakfast table . logan ( cont would ) you ready to stop follow order ? int . conference room - day stryker stand at the window overlook alkali Lake . Dr. cornelius step into the room , hold a black leather case . cornelius the eleven will be ready within 24 hour . stryker good . cornelius Sir ... Lieutenant hine have not report to base today . stryker hine ? ( c_ontt1 tied 1 73. continued : stryker consider the information for a moment and nod . stryker ( cont would ) all right , thank you , Doctor . ( glance at case ) what 's this ? cornelius set the case on the table and open it . six gleam , armor-piercing bullet rest in green feel nich . cornelius we save the leftover adamantium from the weapon X procedure . stryker pluck one of the bullet from its niche and roll it between he finger , examine it with a practice eye . cornelius ( cont would ) each one 's get a high - explosive core . two in the head and Logan 's brain will have to regenerate from scratch . stryker they will not kill he ? cornelius accord to the computer model we run , there 's a 30 percent chance he heal factor will reconstitute the gray matter . but that synaptic bridge that form we memory ? go . if he survive , he brain will come back fresh . stryker a blank slate ... easy to train . stryker fondle the shine bullet lovingly . stryker ( cont would ) she 's a pretty little thing . cornelius she ought to be . that 's the world 's most expensive bullet . stryker pull a revolver from he shoulder holster , dump the standard round , and begin load the adamantium bullet . ( rfnttn11f.t 1 I 74 . continued : ( 2 ) cornelius ( cont would ) there 's another way , a more reliable way , to break down he memory . stryker mm ? cornelius only problem be , the procedure can only be do here at alkali Lake . stryker swing the chamber shut and holster he gun . stryker oh , he 's come back , Doctor . we have what he 's look for . ext . alkali lake - day hine , drive a old Ford , pull up.to the guard house at the perimeter of the compound . a young sentry salute she . young sentry Morning , Lieutenant . hine smile brightly , try to hide she nervousness . hine good morning ! the sentry look into the car 's cabin . the passenger seat be empty . the back seat be empty . young sentry could you pop the trunk for I ? hine the trunk ? young sentry yes , mar 'am . it 's all standard procedure but hine be close to panic . she open the glove compartment and hit the trunk release . the sentry inspect the trunk ... nothing but a coil of rope and a roll of electrical tape . he slam the trunk door . young sentry ( cont would ) you have a good day . ( c'nnttntthn 1 75 . continued : he signal to a second sentry stand inside the guard house , who hit a button . the steel gate roll open and hine drive into the compound . ext . parking lot - day hine step out of she park car and look around . no one be in the immediate vicinity . hine it 's safe . Logan crawl out from the underbody , where he have be cling . he dust himself off . logan be you aim for every speed bump in the state ? hine sorry about that . now what ? logan we find a uniform that fit . a well - build sergeant walk toward he vehicle , paging through requisition papers on a clipboard . logan ( cont would ) that ought to work . ext . alkali lake weapon engineering CENTER - day hine and Logan , who now wear a crisp uniform with a sergeant 's stripe and a black beret , walk into the building . int . weapon engineering CENTER - continuous hine you have some blood on you shirt . Logan see the drop of blood and try to blot they out . logan I barely hit the guy . they do not notice as a small security camera near the entrance pivot , its black eye watch the intruder . ( c'onttni ] f.n ) 76 . continued : hine , very nervous , try to keep she composure . Logan put a hand on she shoulder -- partly to steady she nerve , partly to keep push she forward . logan ( cont would ) time to visit the Colonel . int . weapon engineering CENTER - day hine and Logan walk down a long corridor . several soldier and scientist walk by , most of they ignore the pair . one young scientist in a lab coat hurry past , nodd at hine . young scientist Lieutenant . hine ( nodding ) Murphy . hine wait till Murphy pass . she stop in front of a lock door and allow a laser scanner to read she retina . the door slide open . Logan look through the open doorway , he nostril flaring . he look prime for homicide . logan I can smell he . he walk through the door . hine check to see if the coast be clear . and follow he . neither notice the security camera mount on the ceiling , swiveling to track they movement . int . weapon XI facility - day Logan and hine stand at the top of a steel staircase , forty foot above the concrete floor of a massive cavern . created in the 1960s by a underground hydrogen bomb test , the alkali Lake cavern be the second biggest in the country , smaller only than the salt cavern of the Gulf Coast , home of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve . ( conttnttft ) 1 77 . continued : the sheer scale of the place be staggering . Three time the size of the Super dome , with wall of rough granite , the cavern be loud with the constant thrum of ventilation and high - power machinery . heavy steel pillar support the ceiling of the cavern . ten thousand stainless steel isolation tank crowd the floor , array in a grid , each tank slightly larger than a coffin . technician walk in between the tank , check gauge , write note in clipboard . more technician sit on a raise podium in the center of the cavern , overlook the eleven , enter information into the computer that monitor the sleep army . Logan be awed by the sight . hine have descend the staircase ahead of he . he follow after she . hine welcome to weapon eleven . logan ( stunned ) I think it be just gonna be one guy . this be ... hine ten thousand . they reach the cavern floor and walk amongst the eleven . hine ( cont would ) stryker say mutant and human will fight a war soon . ( gesture to weapon XI ) this be he army . the camera glide over the isolation tank as hine continue to speak . we catch glimpsis of the eleven inside , comatose soldier with needle and wire protrude from they skin , exactly like Logan during the weapon X procedure . the man all look identical and they all look oddly familiar . hine ( cont would ) they incorporate the most successful feature of the previous weapon . enhanced skeleton , heighten sense , heal factor - - for r0 nttnttf.t ) I 78 . continued : ( 2 ) Logan stop beside one tank and look at the man inside , who float in he chemical sleep . his eye widen when he realize what he 's look at . logan it 's creed ... he look inside another tank . same cruel face , same powerful body . only they shave head distinguish they from Victor creed . logan ( cont would ) they be all creed . hine stryker 's most successful mutant hunter . they clone he year ago . ( beat ) the Colonel 's be plan this for a long time . _ Logan walk through the midst of this vast , sleep army , surround by ten thousand replica of he worst enemy . logan they get into the world , it 's genocide . hine I think that 's the general idea . Logan stop in mid--stride , head raise in the manner of a hunt dog who have just catch wind of he prey . hine ( cont would ) what 's the matter ? Logan move , walk quickly , nearly knock over a technician enter data into one of the stasis pod . technician hey ... hine hurry after Logan , smile apologetically at the annoyed technician . hine where you go ? Logan never turn . for ronttnut n % 79 . continued : ( 3 ) logan do not follow I . hine stop , stand alone in the middle of the eleven . int . hallway - day Logan walk rapidly down the hallway , he pace accelerate as he near a close doorway . he rest he head against the door for a moment before put he hand on the knob and enter the room . int . stryker' office - continuous stryker sit behind he desk , smile at Logan . but Logan 's not look at the colonel . he 's look at the young woman who sit across from stryker , she back to the door . she do not turn . her long black hair cascade down she back . stryker hello , old friend . we have be wait for you . Logan walk toward the desk , slowly now , a man in a nightmare he can not wake from . stryker ( cont would ) do you really think we just let you walk away three year ago ? you be a dangerous man , my friend . we like to keep a eye on dangerous man . when Logan reach the young woman he put he hand on she shoulder . kayla silverfox turn and stare up at he , tear stream down she face . kayla I be sorry . I be so sorry . a aluminum baseball bat whir through the air , smash the back of Logan 's head . Logan fall to the floor , unconscious . Victor creed stand above he , stare at the flatten barrel of the baseball bat . for nnttnitft ) 1 80 . continued : victor creed man 's get a hard head . stryker ( stand ) let 's go . he will only be out for a couple minute . creed toss aside the bat and lift Logan onto he shoulder as easily as a normal man would lift a child of six . he carry Logan out of the room , winking at kayla . int . re-education chamber , alkali lake - day Logan , still unconscious , sit on a chair that look far too similar to a electric chair , he arm and leg bound with titanium manacle that prevent any movement . the room look like a execution chamber , complete with a view window . he open he eye and blink in the bright light . stryker and creed stand in front of he but Logan do not look at they . Dr. cornelius and a assistant stand near a machine that be wire to the electric chair , fiddling with the control , but Logan do not look at they , either . he stare at kayla , who can not meet he eye . logan who be you ? kayla ( very quiet ) you know who I be . logan no I do not . stryker she 's real , old friend . you eye be tell you . you ear . you nose . Logan ignore stryker , stare at the love of he life . logan you be dead . ( '. onttntwd ) 81 . continued : stryker I ask you nicely to join the program . and you be so stubborn . but I know if nothing else could motivate you , revenge would . stryker smile at kayla , a proud professor beam at he student . stryker ( cont would ) tell he . tell he about the day you die . kayla , head bow , be silent for a long count . when she speak she voice be a strange monotone , devoid of feel . kayla they give I a syringe full of hydrochlorothiazide . ext . access road - a earlier day perhaps the color be desaturate to let we know that this be a scene we have witness before , or think we do . kayla sit behind the wheel of she pickup . Victor creed walk toward she , black talon rake five gashes on the hood . kayla have be expect he . she pull she backpack out from behind the seat and take from it a hypodermic needle and a plastic iv bag fill with dark blood . creed tear the truck 's door off its hinge and toss it twenty yard . kayla inject herself with the hypodermic . kayla ( v.0 . ) reduce the heartbeat to almost zero . breathe virtually stop . make you flatline for six minute . kayla hop down from the truck . she hold out the iv bag to Victor , who casually pierce it with he claw . kayla ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I would be draw my own blood every night for the past week . I have four liter ready that morning . kayla smear . she own blood on she body and empty the rest of the bag on the pavement . she lie down in the puddle in a fetal position , she breathe already beginning to slow . 82. int . re-education CENTER , alkali lake - day I logan why ? I kayla - same as Victor . stryker give I a I choice : spend the rest of my life in prison or come work for he . logan prison ... kayla finally raise she head - and look directly at Logan . kayla shot my daddy when I be eighteen . Big mistake . should have shot he when I be seventeen . logan you tell I he die of a heart attack . kayla maybe he have a heart attack after I shot he . Sat there and watch he bleed . after what that man do to I , I wish he die slower . Logan stare at she for a long time . kayla ( cont would ) that sweet little girl you live with in the cabin ? that be all make- believe . logan you love I . I know you love I . kayla blink and look away . kayla I be a good actress . logan no one 's that good . ( C onttn1tf .f ) 83. continued : stryker everybody 's a sucker for something . figure out what it be , that 's the trick . for you , it 's a woman 's love . a easy weakness to forgive . but still a weakness . stryker signal to cornelius . the doctor and he assistant attach a nasty - look copper halo to Logan 's skull . the halo be wire to the electric chair . Logan never take he eye off silverfox . stryker ( cont would ) do not be angry at she . she be just serve she country , keep the mutant menace in check . she and victor have be a real credit to they race . it take Logan a moment to understand this comment . logan you be a mutant ? kayla my daddy find out when I be twelve . Said a freak like I deserve whatever I get . victor creed my kind of guy . stryker she 's a gift girl . she can plant thought in anyone 's mind , make they believe what she want -- as long as she stay focus on they . he stroke she long dark hair , proud of he protege . kayla do not seem thrilled by stryker 's touch , but she endure it . stryker ( cont would ) a useful tool in a seduction . kayla ( to Logan ) spend so much time get you to love I , by the time the Colonel show up I could not get you to leave I . ( r0n'rtn1 f.n 1 84 . continued : ( 2 ) Dr. cornelius finish calibrate he machine and adjust the halo brace . cornelius we be good to go . stryker so , Logan ... the truth be , you be a real pain in the ass . but we have invest far too much time and treasure to terminate you . we be start over . cornelius check the digital gauge on the machine . cornelius if I have calibrate correctly , we will leave intact the hard - wire function , walk and talk , all that good stuff . victor creed you mean I do not get to potty train he ? cornelius but every memory you have ever have will evaporate . just like it never happen . Logan never take he eye off kayla , he personal juda . logan good . stryker ( to cornelius ) let I know when he 's clean . I have to look in on we other guest . stryker exit the room , follow by Victor . logan ( to kayla ) that story you tell I ... about the guy who go to get flower for the Moon . I can not get it out of my head . except I have it all backwards . I think you be the moon and I be you wolverine . but you be the trickster , be not you ? ( more ) ( ( 'onttnttf .1 ) ) 85 . continued : ( 3 ) logan ( cont would ) and I be just a schmuck who get play . kayla be silent for a moment . kayla my mother tell I that story . she take a deep breath and turn to go . kayla ( cont would ) it do not matter . you will not remember any of this . logan you do not trick I into loving you . kayla what ? logan the last two month , you be not play around in my skull . you be not use . you power on I . I think you be dead and I love you more than ever . maybe it make you feel better to think it be all fake . but it be never fake for I . kayla lower she eye . kayla you do not know where I come from . you do not know what it be like . logan I know exactly what be be like . I come from there too . kayla I do not have a choice . logan course you do . you still do . kayla stare down at Logan . the tenderness return to she face . she could free he right now if she want . the moment pass and kayla shake she head . kayla I be sorry . t C ( ) nttnttpti ' 86 . continued : ( 4 ) logan yeah , you keep say that . ( to cornelius ) come on . turn on the juice . let 's get this over with . cornelius whenever you be ready , miss silverfox . kayla turn and walk out of the room . cornelius and he aide follow , shutting the door behind they . Logan take a deep breath . he look like a man who be ready to forget everything . int . holding cell - day hine sit alone on a metal cot . the cell door slide open . stryker and Victor step inside . stryker Lieutenant . Victor and I be just discuss how to kill you and we think you might have some suggestion . int . corridor - continuous silverfox step out of the re-education chamber . she hear voice from the hold cell and approach . stryker ( o.s. ) when the Turks capture a traitor , they strapped a steel basket to the man 's stomach . Inside the basket be a rat . int . holding cell - continuous stryker now , even a rat can not chew through steel . but it can chew through a stomach . so it would . right through the skin and the fat and the muscle and the intestine , right on out the other side . l cdnttni7et ) I 87 . continued : hine look like she might be sick very soon . kayla step into the doorway . stryker ( cont would ) Victor think the Turks be soft , let the rat do the dirty work . he 's look forward to spend you last night with you . hine please , Colonel -- stryker pat hine on the cheek and nod to Victor . stryker enjoy yourself . hine please do not do this ... please ! Victor drag the scream hine off of she cot . kayla watch with grow unease but stryker smile and - wave goodbye as he turn the key that shut the cell door . int . re-education CENTER , alkali lake - day Logan sit in he electric chair , stare straight ahead , prepare himself for the pain . int . viewing room - continuous cornelius stand behind the glass view window with he assistant . he put he hand on a red switch . int . re-education CENTER , alkali lake - continuous thousands of volt surge into Logan 's skull , force he body to arch . after several second the power shut off . tendril of white smoke rise from the copper halo . Logan open he eye and stare at cornelius . logan that all you get ? 88. int . viewing room - continuous cornelius ( to he assistant ) this could take a while . raise the amperage by forty percent . int . stryker' office - day stryker sign a memo and hand it to he aide , Collins . kayla stand by the window , pick at she finger . kayla you be go to let Victor kill that woman . stryker and Collins ignore she . kayla ( cont would ) when you get I out of prison , you tell I we be go to help people . stryker continue to sign papers , never look up . stryker we be . we be save humanity . kayla from the mutant ? the phone ring . stryker answer it . stryker yes ? ( listening ) good . I be come down . ( hang up ; to Collins ) the eleven be ready . he stand and head for the door . Collins follow . in the doorway , stryker stop and fix he cold blue gaze on kayla . stryker ( cont would ) do not worry , my sweet . you be one of the good one . I will protect you . he and Collins exit the room , leave kayla alone with she misery . 89 . int . re-education CENTER , alkali lake - day Logan sit panting in the chair , grip the end of the arm rest with white finger , wait for the next surge of electricity . it come and he arch again , all the muscle in he body contracting , the vein in he neck bulg . int . viewing room - continuous cornelius and he assistant watch Logan with no detectable sympathy . they turn when kayla walk into the room . kayla be he clean yet ? cornelius and the assistant face front again .. cornelius he 's stronger than I think . we could be here all night .. kayla watch Logan in he agony . a glimmer of remorse pass over she face . kayla he be good to I . cornelius , fiddling with the amperage dial , curl he lip in a sardonic smile . cornelius you have a funny way of show you gratitude . Logan thrashes in he chair . kayla chew she lip . for a long count she watch Logan suffer . kayla you should turn it off now . cornelius turn and stare at she . cornelius I should what ? ( blinking ) oh. I guess that 's ... I guess that 's a good idea . he turn off the electricity . 1 conttn ird 1 90 . continued : kayla you two have always hate each other . you should fight . the assistant blink and begin to scowl , turn toward cornelius just in time to get punch in the mouth . the two man brawl on the floor with the lack of skill you would expect from two scientist . int . re-education CENTER - moment later kayla step into the room . Logan sit slump motionless in the electric chair . she detach the copper halo . the skin beneath the metal be singe but it quickly begin to heal . kayla stare at the man she betrayed , hesitates for a moment and exhales . she unfasten the titanium manacle . Logan be still unconscious . kayla shake he gently . kayla hey . wake up . Logan open he eye . he be clearly disorient , as if waking from a long coma . he stare up at kayla . kayla ( cont would ) be you okay ? Logan stare at she , groggy and confuse . kayla ( cont would ) do you understand what I be say ? ( beat ) do you remember I ? in one blind motion , Logan snatch kayla by the throat and roughly pull she to he . she do not resist . logan I would have do anything for you . kayla please ... logan do you hear I ? anything . ( r0 nttnttf .t) 1 91 . continued : kayla please ... creed 's kill you friend . int . holding cell - day Victor creed hold hine against the cell wall with one hand . her foot kick in the air as she struggle . he split she blouse down the middle with a long black talon . victor creed I have always have a thing for human chick . you be all so soft and helpless . hine no ... victor creed maybe it 's time I do a little surgery on you , Doctor . logan ( o.s. ) the woman say no . creed turn he head and see Logan and kayla stand in the doorway . he grin and toss hine aside . she crash into the wall and slide to the floor , daze . victor creed ( to Logan ) start to think you be addict to pain . you keep come back for more . snikt ! logan this be the end . victor creed amen to that . kayla stand in between they , hold up she hand . kayla please ! we should not be fight each other . stryker 's use we . ( conttntif . T ) I 92 . continued : victor creed a little late for the mutant power crap . we hunt freak for the man . that 's why we be free . kayla what 's he gonna do with we when the other mutant be dead ? put we in a zoo ? creed hesitates , consider the logic of she word . a fange smile split he face . victor creed do not try you head game on I . I have gut better telepath than you . creed rear back to hammer kayla , a blow that would separate she head from she body . Logan catch creed 's fist inch from kayla 's face . logan time you quit pick on girl . victor creed oh , I be happy pick on man . creed swing at Logan 's head , Logan duck , and the fight begin . this be melee so efficient that no motion be waste . every lunge would kill any other adversary . every parry blow would shatter a normal man 's arm . kayla , bleed from the nose , stagger to she foot . she help up hine and push she toward the door . kayla get out of here . hine do not have to be tell twice . she flee . creed see he plaything run out the door . he snarl in frustration . victor creed you be ruin my party . he grab hold of Logan and hurl he headfirst through the cell wall -- a concrete support wall . 93. int . hallway - continuous Logan crash to the floor , cover in rubble . creed step out of the cell , lick he fang . creed try to stomp Logan 's face , but the smaller man roll out of the way and get back on he foot . the mutant battle down the corridor , claw whistling through the air . a team of sentries charge around the corner , wear tactical armor and carry xm8 assault rifle . they level they rifle at the battle mutant . sentry # 1 get down ! get down ! sentry # 2 down on you knee ! Logan and creed , try to punch hole in each other , ignore the sentries . kayla , stare down the barrel of the big gun , . hold up she hand . she concentrate , stare into the sentries ' eye . kayla we be here as guest of Colonel stryker . the sentries ' hostility shift into apologetic obeisance . sentry # 1 very sorry about that . kayla you boy be no longer need here . go back to barrack . sentries you get it . see ya later . bye ! the sentries wave cheerfully and depart . creed and Logan be equally skilled , but creed 's superior size and strength begin to wear the smaller man down . creed slam he into the wall , open fissure . holding both of wolverine 's wrist up with one hand , creed grab wolverine 's face with he free hand . ( conttni irh ) 94 . continued : his black claw slide toward wolverine 's eye . victor creed how you gonna fight without eye , little man ? Logan bring he knee up hard , smash he adamantium - enhance kneecap into creed 's groin . the big man groan . Logan spin creed around , jam he against the wall . he try to skewer creed with the claw of he right hand but creed move he head at the last moment . Logan 's claw be bury to the hilt - in the wall . he strike at creed with he leave hand , but creed dodge again . all six of Logan 's claw be deep in the solid rock wall . he bring he hand . together , the adamantium blade slice through granite as if it be cheesecake . creed duck under the claw a instant before they shred he . he grab Logan in a-bear hug . a large section of the wall behind they fall out , and , unable to halt they momentum , Logan and creed tumble through the hole , disappear from sight . kayla run over and stand at the jag precipice , look out onto the gargantuan weapon XI cavern . int . weapon XI facility - continuous Logan and creed fall seventy foot , claw at each other in mid-air . Logan hit the floor hard , the impact blast a small crater in the concrete . creed manage a roll fall , cat-quick and dexterous . CUT to : stryker stand on the raise podium in the center of the cavern , overlook he vast , sleep army . he can not believe what he 's see . stryker ( to lead technician ) I want the eleven combat ready . ( cnnttniif .t) 1 95 . continued : lead technician we can not rush they , .sir . they have be in stasis for -- stryker I want they ready ! the lead technician flinch and bark order to he subordinate , who enter command into they computer . the lid of ten thousand isolation tank slide open . as the camera roam among the eleven , needle and hose detach from they body , release they metallic grip . the clone creed begin to stir in they stainless steel coffin . CUT to : creed pounce on Logan , who be still severely injure from the fall . creed tear into the smaller man mercilessly , slinging he around the cavern , gouging he with he black talon . creed batter Logan with a series of savage blow . Logan fall , he heal factor overwhelm , barely conscious . creed plant one heavy black boot on Logan 's face and press down hard . he leer at he defeat foe . victor creed you pal wraith piss all over my boot when I crush he spine . smell like fear , do not they ? something change within Logan , a fury so overwhelming it cannot be contain , a rage so vast it could only be call berserker . . Logan roll toward he tormentor , sweeping he claw straight through creed 's ankle , sever the foot . creed scream and fall to he knee . Logan stand , grab a handful of creed 's dirty blonde hair . logan this be for the one who could not fight back . ( ( `onttntirt ) ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) the adamantium blade be a silver blur in the overhead light . CUT to : stryker , stand on the podium , see he chief henchman 's head tumble from he shoulder . he grit he tooth and survey he army . ten thousand enhance warrior begin to step out of they steel coffin , bare they fang , eyeing they surroundings . stryker ( to the lead technician ) activate the PA system . the lead technician flip a switch . stryker speak into a microphone ; he voice boom from speaker mount on the pillar throughout the cavern . stryker ( c.ont would ) Soldiers ! the eleven snap to attention with machine synchronicity , all ten thousand face stryker . CUT to : Logan , bloody but heal , stare down at he fall enemy . kayla ( o.s. ) Logan ! kayla run down one of the steel staircase that cling to the cavern wall like fire escape . kayla ( cont would ) if we get closer to stryker , I can work my magic . Logan stare at stryker , he true enemy , the.man who destroy he life . ten thousand clone . encircle stryker , who stand on the raise podium in the cavern 's center . logan I do not want he hypnotize . I want he dead . never take he eye off he enemy , Logan advance . CUT to : I c_0 nttnttf :t ) 1 . 97 . continued : ( 3 ) stryker see Logan walk toward he , toward the horde of clone . stryker shake he head and smile . stryker the man 's commit suicide . he lean into the microphone . the eleven listen to they commander 's voice , amplify by hundred of speaker stryker ( cont would ) no army that ever march could stand against you ! you will never abandon you mission , and you mission be simple ! kill the mutant ! kill they wherever you find they ! stryker point at Logan . stryker ( cont would ) this be you first enemy ! ten thousand clone murderer turn on Logan , soulless black eye focus on they target . Logan stop he march beside one of the massive steel pillar . that support the cavern ceiling . logan ( to kayla ) get the hell out of here . kayla what be you do ? logan bringin ' down the house . he sweep he claw clean through the pillar , at a angle . the uppermost section shear off and drill into the floor with a concussive whump that spiderweb the concrete for thirty foot around the impact site . stryker realize what Logan be do . stryker attack ! attack ! the eleven charge . from above we can see the full - scale of the onslaught , wave upon wave of clone murderer close in . ( centtn11 ftl ' 98 . continued : ( 4 ) Logan run to the next pillar and slice through it . creak and groan sound overhead , as the tremendous weight above exert pressure on the remain weight - bear support . most of the ten thousand can not get close to Logan , but they all want in on the first kill . whirl , slashing , stabbing , kick , Logan scythes a circle of devastation , spray - painting the floor with the black blood of the eleven . he reach a third pillar and chop through it . kayla eye the ceiling nervously and hurry toward the exit . stryker ( cont would ) stop he , you idiot ! stop he ! even Logan can not hold back the tide for long . talon rake he face , he arm , he chest . but still he battle , slice through a fourth pillar , a fifth . tremendous fissure split the rock ceiling . Dust and rock fall onto the cavern floor as the fissure widen . Logan see that the cavern 's collapse be imminent . he can no longer hold off the eleven 's assault . a instant before the clone can shred he , he jump , use he claw to scale one of the still - stand steel pillar with the grace and speed of a leopard climb a tree . one of the clone follow , use he black talon in the same fashion , grab at Logan 's foot . when Logan be forty foot above the throng of tooth - gnash clone , he sever the pillar below he foot . the clone chase he can climb no farther , can do nothing but roar and hiss at he escape prey . Logan swing himself onto the steel staircase , where kayla wait beside the open door . he race up the stair . stryker see he dream in ruin . he run for the nearest exit . kayla and Logan be a few foot from the door , from safety , when the cavern ceiling give out . thousands of ton of stone and steel come crash down . Logan grab kayla and haul she to safety a instant before she would be crush . 99 . ext . alkali lake - day the compound have essentially implode , the major structure fall into the massive pit create by the cavern 's collapse . severe gas line and rupture boiler have turn the crater into a raging fire pit . smoke billow up from the molten core . a few daze survivor , soldier and scientist , have escape the carnage , but alkali Lake no longer exist as a military base . thousands of singe document flutter in the wind . Logan and kayla walk away from the burn crater , never look back . they head through the wood toward the lake that glitter in the sunlight . kayla one of they could have survive . Logan glance at she . kayla ( cont would ) the clone . they have get you heal factor . Logan look back at the devastation . logan unless someone come along who can move a few million ton of steel , they be not go anywhere . ext . alkali lake - later they stop at the edge of the lake . Paper from the destroy base drift through the air , fall on the water and the shore . logan almost look peaceful from here . kayla there 's something I want you to know . he look at she . ( conttnt1f.fl continued : kayla ( cont would ) maybe nothing I say matter anymore . but I be go to say it anyway . I ... a blossom of blood open up on she chest . she stare down at it in wonder before sink to she knee . Logan turn and see stryker walk toward they . kayla ( cont would ) no ... stryker fire again . the adamantium bullet rip through Logan 's forehead with a unholy sound . Logan fall to the ground . stryker stand above he and fire another bullet into Logan 's head . stryker turn the gun on kayla . kayla ( cont would ) you do not need to waste another bullet . I be already dead . stryker blink and hesitates . kayla cough , she strength beginning to fade . kayla ( cont would ) maybe you should turn that gun on yourself , Colonel . stryker nod , point the gun at he own head . kayla ( cont would ) it would be good for the mutant if I make you pull the trigger .. ( beat ) why do you hate we so much ? stryker 's finger tremble on the trigger . kayla ( cont would ) be it because you son be one of we ? for the first time , perhaps , we see something human in the cold blue of stryker 's eye . kayla ( cont would ) enough kill , Colonel . throw you gun in the lake . be ( -nnttnttft ) 1 101 . continued : ( 2 ) stryker do as he 's tell . the revolver sink into the water . kayla ( cont would ) leave we . keep walk till you foot start to bleed . stryker turn and walk away . kayla crawl over to Logan . she lift he head onto she lap . he 's unconscious but breathe . the bullet hole in he skin have already heal . she stroke he jaw . and smile sadly . one of the scrap of paper from the base blow against she leg . she take it and look down at the blank page . she have no pen . she touch she chest , just above she heart , wetting she finger with she blood . she write four word on the page , blow on it to dry it , fold it once and place it in Logan 's hand . she kiss he lip and rest he head gently on the ground . Fighting the pain , a die woman , kayla manage to stand . kayla ( cont would ) if you ever remember what I do to you , try to forgive I . I be a fool . and you be right ... I always love you . she turn and walk toward the lake , never look back , never hesitate as the water rise above she knee , above she waist , above she shoulder , above she head . ext . alkali lake - sunset Logan 's eye flutter and open . for a moment he squint into the blue sky . he sit up , look around . the wood be empty . he stand , completely disorient , a stranger in the world . he realize that he 's hold a piece of paper in he hand . he unfold it and read the message write in blood . you be my wolverine . he stare at it for a moment before fold it carefully and put it in he pocket . for C onttniird ) 102 . continued : he take a deep breath of cold air and walk west , toward the fall sun . he do not know who he be . he do not know where he 's go . but the wind blow through he hair , the last of the sunlight feel good on he skin . he be a free man . he walk toward he destiny .. the end