x-men : by i ed soloman . I christopher mcquarrie . : february t5 . 1999 black Gray sky . vast and immeasurable . so featureless it seem devoid of even a abstract perceptibility , it be as though the gray could be right in front of you face . it could be today , it could be a thousand year ago . slowly fade in be the sound of a commotion . perhaps a bustling street corner , a marketplace , a mall . as the voice grow louder we realize we could be at a football game or some similar public forum . voice . some laugh . then a scream , only a whistle , we be at a train station , perhaps ? pan down to reveal : horizontal tangles of barb wire creep up , follow by mcze of the same , until we come to a large , brick archway . upon it be a sign : arbeit macht frie and then more gray . this in the form of german uniform along side a train on the inbound for a unmistakable stop at what can only be a concentration camp . we will punctuate . title : poland - 1943 the train grind to a halt in the brown snow that smear the ground . just beyond the railroad track be literally hundred if not thousand of expatriate Jews bound for the inevitable . the door to the car be flung open and the friendly talk and laugh of german soldier to german soldier give way to the yell . the word be not necessary . the language be not ours and the image say enough . Men , woman and child be herde off the train like cattle toward a large open yard . there they huddle until the Germans begin to shout , and shove through the mob . a singularly pleasant looking german walk into the arena , bring near silence with he . he be a officer , in the impressive black sharpness of the ss . his face be warm and invite . he smile to the unfortunate " relocate " as he walk among they . some even smile and allow themselves a moment of hope . the pleasant german never waver in he demeanor as he quietly speak to the other soldier . when he be do talk to they , they laugh loudly , happily ; salute he and go quickly to they work . it be deceptively promise , and some of the Jews begin to relax ... smile . angle on : a little boy . a boy who will not die this day . a boy who will live to see the end of the war and the world of the future . he smile now too as the pleasant german pass by he in the crowd and run a glove hand through the little boy 's filthy hair . nan and boy share a smile as though the war have never be . the boy look up at he workied parent - a sturdy look couple , who also relax , but none so much as to forget . then the german be go . and the scream begin . the soldier push they way through the mob use rifle as pike , scream and terrorize the lot of they . suddenly , it be clear what they be do . they be divide the mob into smaller group . soon , the group themselves become evident . Men from woman . Children from adult . the family try to stay together , cling to one another dearly , until finally , they be put upon by a number of gray uniform and pull apart . the boy be drag scream , he foot no longer touch the ground . two soldier carry he as they follow the back of a large column of child be lead through a gate of barb wire so dense , it resemble wool . the gate close and the boy look back to see he parent - along with many other - be restrain by a number of soldier . the scream be deafen . and the boy 's can be hear above it all . the soldier seem to be have a hard time carry such a frail child . the farther they get from the fence , the heavier he seem to get , until they be literally pull he as though he be anchore to something . then we notice again that he foot do not touch the ground . his outstretch finger claw at the thin air and he scream until the blood in he face be blue . the soldier be literally pull back a step and they begin to slip in the mud . they look at one another and then over they shoulder as they hear a sound . a groan , creak sound . and then the unmistakable twang of wire stretch to snap . angle on : the fence . the gate that separate the parent . it bow toward they like iron filing to a magnet , and several of the strand of barb wife have give way . the boy continue to scream as all the other face simply freeze and wonder . one of the soldier pull a pistol from he belt and brain the boy violently . he slump , and the soldier carry he spring forward as though a rope that be hold they back have be cut . they nearly fall , look at one another with some concern , some confusion .... then they follow the line of child that have get ahead of they . angle on : the boy 's parent watch he as he , as they , be take away . the rest of they story be as you would expect . ext . sky - day Bright , bright blue frame blind white sun . pan down again to reveal : the golden high grass of the Savannah . title kenya - 1972 the hot scorched arid savannah . a group of child at play . tribal child who , without help of the title could be from any age . they run through a tiny village of hut and thatch , play a version of tag , it would seem . one child be it , than another . each try to avoid be tag though never go far enough away to miss the fun . one girl in particular . a pretty girl of 12 , be tag and immediately shunne . she chase kid this way and that , but to no avail . she be not strong enough , nor agile enough , to win . it be clear the other child know this and it begin to make they giggle . the giggle become laughter and the laughter become a taunt , and before we even realize , the inherent cruelty of child let loose become evident . they have now form a circle , at first avoid she touch with distance , but now grow tighter with menace . soon she be no longer the thing to be afraid of , but the thing that should fear . in the unspoken manner of child at prey , the group begin to chant in they native tongue - a song we have not hear but sung in a way none too invite . the girl now move to the center of the circle , no longer wishing to tag anyone . one devious child seem to get a idea . he pick up a small stone and toss it at the pretty girl . another child follow suit and then another . before long , mob rule give way and stone be be toss and then throw . small and then larger . it grow to the brink of frenzy , the laugh and the shouting not too unlike the noise of the previous scene . so much so , we may miss the first flake of snow . the child certainly do . it be snow for a good half minute before the last of they stop . by then , the snow be thick as fly and wafting down to melt instantly on the hot African soil that have never see snow before . angle on : adult come out of they hut and in from the field and the whole of the village be soon gather round the little girl , stare up at the clear blue sky and the snow that fall from nowhere . from nothing . one by one , all eye fall on the little girl and the look of curiosity become look of fear . of superstition . punctuate by a solid thump . and then another , a old man look down at he foot and see a tiny , misshapen ball of ice , no bigger than he eye . be look at it , then bite it , then pop it in he mouth - breath turn to steam . another such chunk of ice pop he on the head . the crowd laugh . they look up again and see that mix with the snow be tiny pellet of hail , seem to increase in number as the snow mysteriously wane . and the pellet be get larger . until they land as hunk . then brick . and when the first one bring blood to a young boy be brow , they scatter . the girl drop to the ground and cover she head as hailstone the size of coffee can plow into the Earth as well as the weaker shack of grass and mud . before long , they hew a path of destruction that devastate the village . and all along the girl sit huddle in the dust , cry . as hailstone fall in a circle around she , never come closer than ten foot or so . int . school gymnasium - night one more sky . this one a backdrop . cheap paint and tissue paper hang with hook on a wall just behind the basket on a full court . as we pull back , we see the skyline of New York , crudely make out with its silhouette building of dark gray and black - window of yellow . among the famous landmark represent be the statue of Liberty , complete with a real lightbulb burn in the torch . we be at a prom . the theme be rhapsody in blue and the decor have make tragic effort to show it . the tablecloth be blue , the napkin be blue - far too many of the tux be powder blue , and the blue eyeshadow be as heavy as expect . Peter Gabriel 's " in you eye " give painful indication to the era , but here it be , nonetheless : southern california - 1986 move across the floor and through the sway , clutching , sweat dancer to the bathroom . through the door to the usual - iht . bot bathroom several boy be here , bowty undone - undipped in most case . smoke , drink from whatever inventive container be use to smuggle in booze . breath freshener and visine be the chaser . some of the guy be roll joint while other make the sad effort to wave smoke away . who be they kid ? it 's a fog in here . move down the row of toilet stall to one in particular . here we find a freckle kid stand in front of mirror , clearly hold himself up from the effect of God know what . he talk to he friend in the stall behind he . freckle kid man , you be something else . what 's the matter with you ? his friend be on the toilet with he head in he hand . he seem to be in some pain . he be scott summer - age 17 . scott my eye ... my eye be kill I . the freckle kid offer a small plastic bottle . freckle kid you want some vitine , man ? scott my ... eye . he knock the bottle away . the freckle kid look and see that Scott 's eye be water so badly that tear be literally stream through he finger . he go back to the niirror to look at he own . scott ( cont 'd ) they be burn ... the freckle kid turn back to he . freckle kid dude , how much do you smoke ? scott I do not smoke anything . Scott look up , take he hand away , revealing for a instant that he eye be merely bright red ember in he head . featureless but for the color . freckle take a step back . iht . gym - outside boy room a blind flash of light show through the frost glass in the double door and cut through the crack into the dark of the gym . all who see it be stunne . frozen . a linger moment of confusion , then : boom , the door to the boy room burst open and the occupant scatter into the gym . int . gym - stall freckle be still there , leg lock . freckle ' p.o.v. he look at Scott who be now cry meekly in the stall . the door swing close to reveal : a smoking , molten hole in the stall door , frame Scott 's face perfectly . int . senate hearing room - day the typical assembly of G.O.P. creep . a lot of long chin and attempt charismatics . the room be crowded with press and the like to the point that there be very little room to even move . it be quite similar to another sort of hearing from day past , only this time the Senator in charge be not a drunken paranoid , but a very sober one . senator scott frank kelly sit in the middle of it all have master the media much better than that around he . this be why he be the choose front man . just behind he sit ROBERT guyrich - clearly a man behind the man whisper almost constantly in the Senator 's ear . a woman' voice ( 0.s. ) ( amplify via microphone ) the x-factor ... also know as the imitator gene , exist within every creature on the planet . a very simple image of a gene . very simply draw . it have , literally , a " switch " draw on it and the word " on " and " off . " woman' voice ( 0o.s. ; continuing ) it be the gene which tell we body whether to change or to stay the same . it can be , literally , turn on or off , depend on whether or not it receive the appropriate cue from the environment . one example be the weather ... we see graphic image make this clear , we see cold weather and a primitive man with a lot of hair . woman' amplified voice ( 0.s. ; cont 'd ) for instance , as the planet gradually warm up , people whose mutator gene tell they body to adapt appropriately will live on and continue to multiply . other will die out . gradually , the species will change . as the graphic change and depict warmer climate , the hair start to disappear on the man' body . woman' voice ( 0o.s. ; continuing ) normally this process take thousand and thousand of year . it be the reason we have evolve from homo habilus ... footage reflect the various stage of human evolution . accompany it be a graph with a diagonal line indicate the ascent of the " human be " as we know it . accompany the graph be evolve image of the " evolution of man . woman' amplified voice ( 0o.s. cont 'd ) ...to homo erectus , to hoao s< pien neanderthalis , and , finally , to homo sapien sapien . reverse angle - we're in a senate hearing room packed with reporter and photographer . there 's a day ~ a raise panel of senator — and a second , lower panel . this be where the " expert * be testify . close on : jean grey a strong , attractive * woman in she early 30' . lobby for mutant rights , she address the room . a simple placard before she : jean grey . genetically enhanced rights association . jean but there 's a problem .. on the screen the trajectory of the diagonal line change : at a point mark " homo sapien sapien " the line flatten . jean once we human stop adapt to we environment and begin adapt we environment to suit we — in other word , once we start make clothes , building shelter and use heat ... quick shot : early hut , early clothing ; then early home , later home , air conditioning , car , modern high -rise ; etc . jean ( cont 'd ) the imitator gene go into dormancy , and mankind itself stop evolve . and have not , for thousand of year . wider on the room , the reaction , and on jean herself . jean ( cont 'd ) until now . Jean direct she laser pointer to the word " present day , " where the " evolution line " have resume its rise . jean ( cont 'd ) for the first time in millennia , the earth be change faster than we ability to keep up with it . 10 . footage : human being , now , like the animal earlier , have minor " mutation " : we see image of minor " power " - someone who can seemingly move shadow with he hand ; uri geller bending spoons ; someone else who appear to be able to singe paper with her eye ; someone else who can briefly make a object blur and then refocus ... jean ( cont 'd ) this be but a few of the reason we be see what some be call the beginning of another stage of evolution . a gavel bang on the dais . a microphoned voice interrupt . bear down be the flamboyant senator scott " frank " kelly , a conservative from Florida , and the hearing 's Chairman . senator kelly you ' be avoid the question I pose to you at the beginning of this hearing . Ms. grey . Three word : be mutant dangerous ? jean consider it be the agenda of this committee to register mutant as though they be - kelly it be the appoint task of this committee to present to the President a comprehensive report that he may best decide weather or not to pass a registration act . we be not here to weed out mutant . we be merely hear to assess they potential threat - if any - to national security . another senator ( lucinda rowee ) speak into she microphone : senator rowee Ms. grey , to what extent be this mutation actually a threat ? Jean take a beat ; process the question . then : jean some mutation manifest themselves as power , but this be remote in the extreme . most be merely physical alteration . senator rowee but be they dangerous . 11 . jean a person drive a car can be dangerous . senator rowee well , we do license people to drive ? a laugh from the gallery . jean but not to live . Kelly have be wait for a open like this and be ready . he raise a blow - up photograph : a grainy , super -zoom , somewhat obscure image of a car on a freeway which appear to have " melt . " now he 's really play to the crowd . senator kelly this be take by a traffic control video in Orange County . a man in a minor altercation literally melt the car in front of he . I do not know where you come from , Ms. grey , but where I come from , you do not go melting people 's car when they cut you off . you do it the old fashioned way — you give they the finger . but what you presume to tell this committee - jean I presume nothing . I be here to tell you that in time , the mutator gene will activate in every live human be on this planet . perhaps even you Children , Senator . kelly I can assure you , there be no such creature in my gene . the room laugh . Kelly mistaken think it be for he , until the double meaning occur to he . he be momentarily embarrassed , but he quickly recover . kelly ( cont 'd ) that be funny , I have to admit . you certainly seem to be amused , Ms. grey . jean to be frank , Senator , I be tickle . the room laugh , good -naturedly . 12 . kelly I wonder how tickle this committee would be to learn about you associate Professor xavier . Jean react now , surprised to hear this word from Kelly . kelly ( cont 'd ) or about he so call " school for the gift . " come now , Dr. grey . as you be so open to disclosure , share with the people here the purpose of this school . Jean quickly collect herself . jean there be indeed a ... a school specifically design - kelly for mutant . be that not correct , Ms. grey ? the Senator now gesture to the monitor which now display a massive estate mansion behind a high iron gate . mutter of confusion from the crowd . Jean bow she head . kelly ( cont 'd ) in fact , a school whose student body be almost entirely this so-called remote case . remote in the extreme , I believe you say . so remote , the location and purpose of this school be , until this very moment , unknown to the american people . the confusion be find focus . and the focus be Jean . jean that be simply for the protection of the student who - kelly who what ? who what , Ms. grey ? who melt metal with they mind , perhaps control human think ? what go on in that school that no normal person have be allow to set foot inside ? who be this Professor xavier and what exactly be he prepare this mutant for ? 13 . jean Professor xavier be without question the finest - kelly answer the question , Ms. grey . what go on in that school ? jean Education . enlightenment . kelly enlightenment indeed , well , I will put this to you , Dr. grey . I a of the think that this Professor xavier be a extremist . nothing more than a Michigan militia-man with a degree and some very " extreme " parlor trick . trick he do not yet want the world to see . now the crowd have choose it 's side and Jean be not on it . jean there be some thing the world be not ready to - kelly lady and gentlemen of the press . member of the committee . I put it to you that any mutant leave alone may indeed be harmless to we national security ; but if history have teach we anything . - power uncheck be power to be corrupt . unless we begin immediately to take action against the effort of people like Dr. grey and this ... this Professor xavier , a minority of a few thousand may very well be organize against a population of million - totally unprepare for whatever unearthly perversion await they . the crowd react loudly in support of the Senator 's pontificate . some cheer , some roar , some yell obscenity at Jean . he start at Jean , deliver he last . kelly ( cont 'd ) they be very real . they be among we . we must know who they be . and above all , we must know what they can do . 14. as the shout of the mob rise and give way to : ext . show cover wxlderbess - day placid snow , mountain in the distance . a magnificent vista , suddenly disturb by movement below . a figure running at inhuman speed . a moment later another figure enter frame . larger ... move slightly faster . title : central alaska the not too distant future close up on : a anomaly , to say the least . a man whose feature be so much like a animal , one would think he have animal in he blood . his hair be course and black , sprout wildly from he head . he be logan . we will come to know he well . as well as we can . then to the thing follow he . so much like a animal himself , he make Logan look perfectly human . larger , fiercer , somehow inherently more savage . this be call sabertooth . the reason be obvious ' . teeth like say animal and claw finger to match . mutant of course . two who must certainly be member of a class " remote in the extreme . " ext . wooded hillside Logan hit a slope at full speed , make it most of the way proper before slide the last of it on he heel . at the bottom , he come to a awkward skid on the freeze bed of ice that be a lake at other time of year . he make a agile foote run across the ice , but adjust have close the gap . sabertooth leap and leap far , overtake Logan and landing on he back . ferocious teeth sink deep into logan' shoulder . a scream fill the wilderness for mile . blood flow . sabertooth , in a bloodlust rage , slam Logan down only to smash a whole in the ice with he prey . 15 . Logan clamor free and dive under , catch instantly by the current and sweep away . silence sabertooth stare at the hole in the ice in frustration . like the cat he resemble so closely , he watch carefully , suddenly make out bubbles under the surface , trail away . be be quickly after they , claw foot work as cleat in the ice . under ice Logan struggle , already short of breath and at the same time try to swim madly from the shadow above . the muffle sound of foot pound like a heartbeat . above ice sabertooth stop again ... listen , look , search with sense sharpen beyond that of human comprehension . be smile . wham he drove a monstrous fist through the ice and reach in up to he shoulder .... search .... silence again . then a violent yank . the ice give way to the soak and naif freeze Logan who struggle to free himself from sabertooth ' 's grasp . a large creature dwarf by a larger one , he be hoist in the air , claw tear he neck . angle on : Logan 's right hand . his skin ripple and pulsate , tremble from cold ... or perhaps something else . suddenly , three steely claw , some nine inch long , spring from the very flesh just above the knuckle . a stunne pause as both he and sabertooth look down at the menace rake . then Logan drive it home , sink up to he hand into sabertooth 's side . a howl unlike anything ever hear and sabertooth throw Logan away from he , the claw tear across he rib as he do so . 16 . Logan fly several yard before hit the ice and slide several dozen more . be be stop by he head as it hit a rock on the far shore . sabertooth skulk over to he , take a hand away from the gash on he side in time to watch the fatal - look wound heal as quickly as the sealing of a Ziplock bag . with the sound of sabertooth 's breathe come the rise of the wind ... snow from the ground begin to swirl in the bitter cold air . sabertooth be nearly upon Logan now and the wind rise further , until he must shield he eye from the bitter , icy as he approach , we see the fresh claw mark on Logan 's face heal before we very eye , leave not so much as a scratch . a sudden flash of light lightn ? no. lightn be not red . sabertooth look around , puzzle , then down at Logan 's motionless body . then to he foot where a hole in the ice spout bubbling water . the wind blow so violently now that he nearly miss two figure stand only a few yard away - mere silhouettes in the icy haze . a closer look tell we it be a man and a woman , they wear strange uniform of form -fitting material - the man wear a reflective visor that hide he eye . the woman 's face be bare , revealing dark skin and penetrate eye . another flash - one that seem to come from the visor itself . a intense beam of red light . sabertooth look down and see the ice at he foot have melt - more accurately be melt away . be plunge through the ice like a mark in a carnival dunking tank . the more he claw at the edge for the hole , the more the flash of li-jht make the hole t ger . hi* massive weight and hairy coat quickly suck he down . the two figure - cyclop amd STORM - obviously two of the child we see earlier now grow - stand over the whole and calmly watch sabertooth gather himself and swim back to the surface . 17 . Storm look down at the hole , concentrate she intense gaze . the wind whip further , and she skin dimple with goosebump as the temperature drop and the water in the hole begin to freeze . sabertooth manage to smash through and again , cyclops fire a beam of light to rob he of a edge to grab on to . storn then further force the temperature down , freezing the ice thick and thicker . uhder the ice sabertooth pound violently as the ice above he drive he further and further down , become more and more a wall between he and he prey . finally , he wisely concede . with one last look at the two mysterious figure now nearly obscure by the ice , he tun he body and swim away with the same agility he have on land . above ice the snow and wind be now violently raging cyclops and Storm walk over to Logan and look down at he curiously , observe the metallic claw that seem to grow out of he flesh . more puzzle be the way in which they retract , vanish into hole in he flesh which heal as quickly as the wound in sabertooth 's side . logan' p.o.v. they look at one another , wonder . Logan 's eye begin to close as they obscure the last of all perceptible detail . from white to black a long and peaceful blackness finally give way to white - a slice across the middle which widen and find some clarity zht . laboratory - oat Logan slowly open he eye and wince at the assault of white light . 18 . logan' p.o.v. a simple , white , acoustic tile ceiling with - soft white fluorescent light . as he gain more focus , a woman 's face come into view , seem to hover above he . it be Jean grey , inspect he more than look . then another face . this one on the front of a shiny , bald head . professor xavier as we will learn . a intense and intelligent man just to look at he . finally , from the top of the frame come another head . this one cover with hair . in fact , this thing be cover entirely in hair . all of it blue . if not for the small glass on its face , we might think it be a grizzly with a die job . this be beast . what else be you go to call he ? Logan look to Jean and xavier , still groggy . logan be I dead ? xavier miraculously , no . clearly no the answer he want . logan well , there 's always tomorrow . Jean and xavier glance at one another . logan ( cont 'd ) who ... who be you ? xavier hold up a set of dog tag on a chain . xavier whose be this ? a relative ? you grandfather perhaps ? logan mine . ( look at Beast , realize ) what be you ? Beast take no offense . be simply grunt and smile , xavier look at the dog tag , puzzle . logan ( cont 'd ) where be I ? 19 . xavier ' sleep , Logan . and he do . imt . laboratory - later Beast and Jean grey wear surgical scrub suit , glove and mask . Logan be on a flatbe x- ray , the red , light crosshair bead in between he eye as image be take over and over . Jean grey look down and see Logan 's hand pulsate in much the way it be before . suddenly , the skin part and the steely claw come slowly out and then retract . she look up at Beast who be already look at they , amaze . when the claw retract entirely , the skin heal quickly . Beast let out a " hmph " of interest and pick up a scalpel . he make a tiny incision on Logan 's arm which heal as fast as the blade can cut . then he make a deeper one , longer , and again until he be make a cut six inch long and a full inch into the muscle . it heal in second . int . laboratory - later close up on : Logan 's hand . a claw involuntarily emerge . a vice grip come into frame and quickly grab it , guide it to a voce and clamping it there . Beast turn the crank with all he strength to hold the claw fast . pull out to reveal : Jean Gray roll in platform work bench with a adjustable drill . she wear thick safety goggle . they bring the carbide tip down and start to grind away at the claw . the drill heat accelerate , then snap . later Beast cover he face with a welding visor and ignites a blow torch . he give the claw a good twenty second of intense acetylene before he stop . 20 . he take a glove finger and touch the blacken metal . the scoring wipe away to reveal the unblemish metal . later Jean and Beast now staxid back in a corner of the room behind Scott summer ( cyclops ) , no longer in the uniform we first see he in , but workout sweat . the visor seem to be a staple , even when casual . he look at Logan in the far corner of the room and focus on the claw . a intense read beam if ENERGY shoot from the visor and blast away at the claw . - this time longer than the blow torch and the drill combine . no damage . not even a scratch . curious , he look over to the wall , revealing full body X -- ray . push in until we start to see detail of the full skeleton - obviously Logan 's , betrayed by the claw along the forearm . it be clear the skeleton be not normal . only merely human in its form . int . Zavier' oppice for the first time we see he full frame and realize xavier be in a wheelchair . he sit at he desk , puzzle over the dog tag that Logan claim be he . close up on : the dog tag . nothing odd about they at a glance . military dog tag , weathered and beat , but certainly plain . canadian military , Logan 's name , rank and serial , number . the odd thing be the date of birth . 12/4/-- no year . his thumb feel the indentation of the word at the bottom of the tag that do not seem to fit here . wolverine . Jean knock on a door before enter . 21 . xavier look up from behind he desk and wait . xavier well ? jean I think it 's time to rewrite the periodic table . iht . cavernous room - day close up on : the periodic table of element . a chart make up of black depict the element and they chemical symbol . among the standard like gold ( au ) and Iron ( I ) and oxygen ( 02 ) be a new square on simple red construction paper tack to the top . it contain simply a large letter " a " . tracking shot through : we be in a laboratory of sort , quite different from the one we just leave . mortimer toynbee , a dim , loyal thug whose agile leaping ability , and superhuman strength have earn he the name toad , lazily read the Sports illustrate swimsuit issue . his long tongue shoot out — zip — and turn the page . across the room , JOHN allerdyce , a wiry , red head whose ability to control fire with he finger have earn he the name pyro , be watch tv as he casually weave a light match in and out of he finger like a magician manipulate a coin . they be a bestial and sinister bunch . in the corner we see blob , no explanation need , devour a bucket of cereal , precariously balanced on he huge belly . all of - they sit within sight of : a machine a fantastic device which occupy a hallow space in he lab . it be meticulously design , and , with its intricate circuitry , wire , and power board , it resemble most closely ( and only resemble , because , truly it 's like nothing we have ever see before ) a combination of a microwave oven and a fantastic light source — only far sore dark and forebode . they all watch the television . CNN in fact . 22. the image on the screen be a helicopter shot of ellis island , with Liberty island and the famous statue in the background . newscaster ( 0.s. ) after year of tension and criticism of U.S Policy from abroad , preparation be nearly complete tor the upcoming fiftieth anniversary gala celebrate the formation of the United Nations . with nearly every invitation confirm and more come every hour , the occasion promise to be the large single gather of world leader , if not the first ever in history . truly a achievement for the President who have make it he administration 's agenda to firm foreign relation . the celebration will be hold on Ellis Island - a symbolic gesture from the President who welcome the nation of the world to a more open and accept United States than in recent year . blob belch he skepticism deafeningly and the other laugh . track further through the lair and out the door as the newscast drone on . through subterranean corridor ( of course ) and past dozen of project that share some similarity to the machine we have see , include crude design that have be reject or stripped of they good idea . faintly , we become aware of a click sound . almost like a stopwatch very far away , always grow louder . the newscast have fade and another voice be get closer from somewhere down the hall . sabertooth emerge around a corner head toward we , turn just as we get to he . the click be loud and clear now and the sound of the voice be familiar , it be the voice of Professor xavier . xaiver ( on t.v. ) ... merely as a mean of help that with this rare and wonderful gift to learn more about they ability that they may control they and use then for the betterment of all mankind . 23 . sabertooth enter a office and we follow he . seat at a desk in the center of the room be max lensherr - - age - somewhere after sixty , but strong and vital for he year . be be more of ten call magneto . xavier be on the television beside he and he seem to be watch it with vague interest . he have hear it all before . in fact , the graphic in the corner read . interviewer ( o.s. ) but some have say you be training a race of superhuman . indoctrinate the genetically enhance into some strange cult . magneto ( talk to t.v. ) it 's call the fellowship of man and it 's worse than a cult . it 's a grow concern . the click be from the sound of a executive pendulum thingy on he desk . the six steel ball that bang onto one another from string support in formation depend on how many be let to fly from either end . one ball strike one end , one ball swing out from the other . two ball and two and so on . slight difference . the formation change with every strike , defy physics . oh , and there be no string support the ball , thus defy gravity . xavier ( on television ) I can assure you , the only idea I be put into they head be the fellowship of man . magneto ah ha , you see ? xavier , you bullet -head , you have not change . interviewer the oppose view on the topic of mutant registration be Senator Scott Frank Kelly , of Florida , who claim to support the constitutional rights of the genetically enhance , but whose crusade to register mutant be gain popularity . 24 , now Kelly be on the screen , a graphic read friday . magneto shake he head . magneto and look at this one . when sabertooth clear he throat , the ball instantly freeze and hover there . the volume on the television drop , though no remote be in sight . he notice sabertooth 's apparent exhaustion , he tear clothing , include the slashes in he side . his look ask " what happen ? " sabertooth I lose he . magneto how ? sabertooth they be there . they know . magneto do they have he ? sabertooth nod , frustrated . magneto think for a moment , share the frustration . he reach over and pick up a small vial . magneto ( cont 'd ) the hard way . page one . as he turn up the television , and again , we do not see how , he fiddle with the vial in he hand , think . Kelly be on the screen give good face . kelly it ' 's not the mutant per se that I have a problem with . kelly ( cont 'd ) they , like any minority , have fear and desire like normal people . bat , it 's when they fear be exploit by subversive like this xavier character . - and mark my word if the President be not strong enough to do ... what need to be do ... 25 . as the Senator continue we pull back and see magneto watch this . he begin speak over Kelly 's diatribe . magneto and you may mark my word , Senator Scott Frank Kelly . all you plotting , all you hatred . I have plan for you ... I have see you kind before . I have see you come , and I will see you go . magneto hold up the vial with the tiny piece of shiny metal . as he do , we see the red serial number tattooed on he arm . pan over to a bulletin board on the wall beside he . to a periodic table , smaller than the first . but still with that red square and the add letter " a " . int . laboratory - day Logan , look better , sit up . xavier sit beside he bed . Jean grey at the floor , look at he chart . xavier adamantium ... until today it be think to be a myth . impenetrable , unbendable , resistant to the most extreme heat , cold , pressure and stress . virtually indestructible . the strongest metal on Earth . just then , a spoon creep in to frame toward 's Logan 's mouth with a dollop of food on the end . Logan recoil and brushes the spoon away . the hand on the other end be cover in blue hair . all eye look to Beast , who stand timidly with a tray of vegetable . beast for strength . it 's good for you . Logan take the tray from he and feed himself . Beast take a place next to Jean . logan go on . xavier the adamantium have somehow be graft to you bone . you entire skeleton be coat with it . ( more ) 26 . xavier ( cont 'd ) I be assume you unnatural ability to heal make this possible . it also make you virtually unstoppable . you metal skeleton may also explain why I be have difficulty read you mind . logan Excuse I ? xavier surely you do not think you be the only one with ... talent , Mr. Logan . he look at Beast and Jean . logan well I be sure Babe the Blue oaf here can make a mean strudel , what can the betty Logan freeze as all of the vegetable on he plate levitate and hover in the air above he . jean make you wear you lunch . Logan nod , concede . logan gotcha . the vegetable settle carefully back in place and he continue eat . xavier how do the adamantium get into you body ? be it the military ? he point to Logan 's dogtag . Logan pull away . logan I do not know . xavier how long have it be there ? logan 1 do not know . xavier how old be you ? Logan be clearly become agitate . 27 . logan I do n ' t know . xavier you mean to tell I - logan I don't know , who be you people ? where be I ? what be this place and why be I here ? xavier wisely decide to ease up . xavier all in time . in a matter in which you can digest . in the meantime , we would like to invite you to stay here as we guest . you be free to go anywhere - logan to leave ? jean I would not do that . beast you have suffer serious internal damage - even with you ability to heal - jean why be that thing out there chase you ? logan hey , you know what ? I have a great idea . I do not need any of my question answer and you get I some pants . int . hallway - later Beast watch Logan finish eat through a tiny window on the door to he room . xavier and Jean talk in a whisper , well out of earshot . jean ... that be completely unacceptable . xavier that be not who we be , Jean . if he want to leave , so be it . all we can do be encourage he to stay . 28 . jean we do not know who he be , what they be do out there . for all we know he be work with magneto . if that 's the case then he have already see too much . Logan 's voice echoe from the other room , through the wall . logan ( 0o.s. ) I have not see anything but the ceiling in this place and I have never hear of " magneto . " do not any of you guy have name like Bob ? the two of they look at one another , amaze that he could have hear they from that distance through that wall . xavier whisper . xavier perhaps you would like a tour of the institute ? logan ( 0o.s. ) delighted . now can I please have some pants ? xavier look at Jean and Beast - this time we hear he voice , but he lip never move . he be speak telepathically . xavier ( v.o ) while I entertain Mr. Logan , perhaps you and Beast can see what you can find out . Jean nod and leave with Beast . logan ( 0o.s . ) and I be a boxer guy , if anyone be ask . ext . school ground - later Logan be clearly uncomfortably , antsy , ready to leave . he look around at what seem to be a prep school , set ina large pre-war mansion on a large and well keep estate . a soccer game be go on in the background . angle on : the sideline of say soccer game . 29 . a young girl sit all alone at the edge of the field . her eye be deep and sad and she general attitude be not much better . she be not watch the game , however . her name be rogue , and we will meet she later . she wear a outfit that seem to swath she entire body like a cocoon in thick layer despite the warm weather . her neck and even she hand be cover . all but she face . from wear she sit , she watch Logan and xavier with great interest . finally she stand and walk toward they . logan so all this kid be ... xavier mutant ? like you ? all alike , and all very unique . the rarest case from all over the globe . ahh , Scott ... Storm . Logan look ahead and see cyclops and STORM , the two that save he from certain mutilation in Alaska . they be both dress in that sweat that Scott be wear before and they both look as though they have just come from the gym . Scott 's visor do not hide he scrutinous assessment of Logan . Storm be more forgive . STORM he 's look well . cyclop do they sew it back on right ? xavier I believe you have already meet Scott and ororo . Logan mock deep think . then he point to Storm , then cyclops . logan I be gonna guess they call you .... snow job and you be .... pink eye . they both look blankly at xavier . xavier Logan be just catch up . they nod and walk away , unamuse . 30 . logan bow do they find I , anyway ? xavier I make it my primary interest to find the mutant with the most extraordinary power . the best potential . we have be tracking you for some time . logan impossible . I would have know . xavier tap a finger to he temple . xavier the mind leave no track / break no branch . logan why then ? what for ? xavier we primary goal here be to allow that with more extreme mutation to learn in a environment with some sense of normality . a place where they will not be treat as freak and outcast . as he say this , one of the kid on the soccer field stretch some twenty foot with one leg and overstep a sacking . neither Logan or xavier see it . xavier ( cont 'd ) until recently , we be a well - keep secret for the safety of the child as well as the courtesy of the surround resident . no one want this to be a tourist stop - people come to get a glimpse of ... logan the uncanny guava-man and he sidekick flipper Boy ? xavier smile politely . he be far to wise to take offense . pause . xavier you humor have the ring of a defense , Mr. Logan . I have to wonder if you have ever be open to anything in you life . Logan be serious now . 31 . logan once or twice . now they head down a path along the side of the school line with shade tree . it be quiet here . xavier if I nay be so bold , I do not need my ability to tell I you be in pain . that you be run from something - from someone . logan be this where I tell you you would not like I when I be angry ? xavier I would like to help you . logan I have hear that before . xavier I ama little different from what you be use to . logan I have no doubt . and I appreciate what you do for I . but I get the feel that the favor be not free and I can tell you right now , I do not ask , so do not ask back . xavier we want nothing from you , Logan . logan sure you do . you want to know why that thing be chase I . xavier he be call sabertooth . logan imagine that . xavier have you see he before . logan too many time . 32 . xavibr and this tine he nearly have you . logan he 's nearly have I before . xavier and have not you ever wonder why ? Logan grow grim . logan what difference do it make . I have it come . xavier what do that mean ? logan nothing . xavier what be it you have do that make you say that ? logan when can I leave ? xavier any time you wish . logan now , would be great . xavier ( point ) the front gate be that way . Logan walk away and out of frame . xavier sit , watch he go . long pause . Logan come back , fume . logan you get a lot of nerve , pal , pick around my inside , spook up my tailpipe with you ... voodoo whatever . I do n /.t ask for you help . I get no one , do not want no one , not gonna have no one and be happy be no one . ( more ) 33 . logan ( cont 'd ) I be two thousand mile from the heart of nowhere and next thing I know I wake up in the uncle fester school for the creepy with a cue ball brain cropper tell I about my pain . my pain . my head be ay wallet , pal . keep you hand off . be walk away again , come back faster this time . logan ( cont 'd ) this be grotesque what you be do , you know that ? you really think you be help this kid ? there be a real world out there fill with people just wait for a enemy to make a " they * for they to " we " about . what happen when this kid get out there ? how do you prepare they then ? tney '1l all come back run to you , man . they will run scream . he be off again . xavier have not move this entire time . Logan return , walk slow , energy go . be be hold he side in agony . bis breathe be heavy . logan ( cont 'd ) that thing tore up my inside . xavier lunch ? logan sound good . xavier lead the way . before he follow , Logan look down the path of tree . logan ( cont 'd ) you can come out now . and he be go . long pause . from behind one of the tree , rogue emerge , clearly galvanize by what Logan be say . int . whitie house - oval office - day guyrich and Kelly in front of the man himself . if he be in the chair , he must be the president . xavier be on the television in the same interview that magento be watch . xavibr ( on television ) I can assure you , the only idea I be put into they head be the fellowship of nan . Kelly shut it off . kelly I be tell you , Dick , this guy be up to no good . president we do not really know that . guyrich it 's people like you that do not know what Hitler be really up to when he march into the rhineland and build he war machine . 34 . the President take pause at guyrich 's comment , decide to ignore it . president I be all for some kind of investigation here . but we - kelly what do you think we have be do for the past three year . bow much more information do you need ? president I just do not see it . this threat you keep talk about . I mean sure , they exist , no one be dispute that , intellectually , I understand you , but the american people be not go to see it like you and I do . we be talk about one tenth of one tenth of one tenth of the world 's population here . guyrich so you will not miss they vote . the President cock he head to Kelly . president Scott , you really have to get rid of this 35 . kelly you gotta see what this freak can do , Dick . this be not bend tablespoon or levitate a chick in a tight nightie . this guy mean business . you gotta know where they be . president I have a little thing in my way call the constitution . you might have hear of it . it 's what keep people from call I " king . " guyrich you know we can take this to the speaker - presidfkt and what , Mr. guyrich ? and what ? you want this to be a line item on some environmental bill , you go right ahead . you go up against I on this and I will see you can not get a job as a lobbyist for the guy who sell plastic vomit . what be this ? who do you think you be ? guyrich you be not as powerful as you think you be , Mr. President . the day will come when — even Kelly can not believe he ear . kelly Jesus - president you finish that sentence . Mr. guyrich . go on . but guyrich be quiet . president ( cont 'd ) I think so . gentlemen , I be franticly prepare myself for the large single summit in the history of the planet and I have not the time nor the inclination to sit here and listen to two yahoo tell I that the end of the world be come in the shape of some fifteen year old kid from Iowa with bug eye and big foot . you have get a storm in a teacup here and I will have not one more word say about it . 36 . president ( cont 'd ) and until a mutant take a shot at I personally / I swear to you , they be as free as sweat on the equator to do as they please . good day . int . limousine - later Kelly and guyrich climb into the lino and slump back in they seat . kelly Christ sake , what be you try to do to I in there ? guyrich someone need to say something . kelly it 's the President of the United States . you be threaten the President . guyrich it 's not he ... it 's what he represent . kelly well do I a favor in the future . save it for the speaker ... guyrich where to ? Kelly rub he eye . kelly Home . guyrich lean forward to address the driver . guyrich dulle Airport . int . cafeteria - later the usual racket make by a hundred school kid at lunch time . Logan can make out cyclops , Storm , Beast and Jean among the kid eat here . xavier I be not a naive man , Logan . I accept that life can be cruel . but it be not as much for they safety that we be here as for the outside world . ( more ) xavier ( cont 'd ) some of this child have potentially dangerous ability . Logan be look across the room at Jean and cyclops , 37 . wait on line for food . they laugh at some joke and then kiss tenderly . the look on he face betray a loneliness , jealousy not of cyclops , but of they both . xavibr if they be not educate as to how to control they , they could hurt someone ... logan you do not have to tell I . he shake himself free of the loving couple and look find rogue eat alone , away from all the other . jreal a glance at he and hide she face . xavibr we be a minority like any other . only in this instance , there be a justified fear . a rational and very real threat . I be sure you have see what unfocus prejudice can do . imagine if the enemy be clearer . away , she Logan nod , he eye betray a lifetime of be that enemy . xavier you should stay here with we . if only until you completely recover . if after a week you do not feel at home , I will take you back to Alaska myself . logan he will come here ... that thing ... look for I . xavier sabertooth ? ( smile ) I will protect you . as long as you be with I , you will be safe . Logan laugh . logan hey , I be sorry , pop . I do not mean to be the hammer here , but look at you . you be a old man in a wheelchair . what could you do to that thing that I - 38 . silence . the room with all of its eat , chat child have fall completely quiet . Logan look around the room and see that literally every child be freeze in time . some with food half - chew in they open mouth , other with laugh freeze on they face . it be motionless . except for Storm , cyclops , Beast and Jean and rogue . they turn around and look at Logan and xavier as if this display of mental power be nothing unusual . Logan look down at xavier now , who hold a finger in the air as if make a point . he be . xavier never underestimate the mind for the man . and he lower he hand . and the lunch resume - the child never know what happen . and for the first time , Logan be speechless . int . danger room control booth - dat a large , gym -like structure use for training . ( * note : this be not you typical " fire range . " it 's a range design for people with mutation range the entire spectrum . it be colorful , strangely shaoe , full of object the like of which we have never see . ) outside be a control room where Jean grey sit manipulate the various exercise of the danger room from a control panel . cyclop be inside , work on control the laser- like beam that emerge from behind he visor . he fire at various odd - shape object that dart across the room . he wear specially - make pad : training gear that resemble well - wear version of what we will later come to know as they trademark uniform . Logan watch cyclops a thick plexiglas window which divide the room from the control room . Logan and xavier enter , watch the exercise . 39 . logan just a school ? xavier ( smile ) with a very advanced athletic program . the young student call this the " danger room . " I think you might like to try it eventually . help you build you strength . logan and prepare I for the day I must face a fly shape . behind they , we notice rogue in the hallway , watch . cyclops glance at Logan . then , a oddly -shaped object shoot from the back of the room right towards the front ... and — just as it almost hit cyclops — he blast it apart with the laser- like beam which emerge from he visor . the debris fall through a vent on the floor . cyclops exit the floor and enter the control room . logan ( cont 'd ) Nice ... eye . cyclop Nice hair . Jean laugh . cyclop ( cont 'd ) ( be : danger room ) wanna give it a shot ? xavier - perhaps you should wait until you be feel - logan I would love to . Logan look at the room . nod - piece of cake . h* usher cyclops aside . cyclops motion to the rack of uniform hang along the wall . cyclop you might want to - Logan shake he head and enter the danger room . 40 . int . danger room Logan stand in the center of the room , take a look around and get familiar with he surroundings . int . danger room control booth cyclops and xavier watch from behind the thick plexiglas . Jean hit a lever on the control panel . the first object shoot out of the wall . int . danger room Logan duck , bend backwards like a batter from a inside pitch . Logan turn to the control room and smile . int . danger room control booth the shape smashes hard but harmlessly into the plexiglas window . no one in the booth be faze . Jean take the lever up another notch . cyclops smile . xavier remain concerned . int . danger room a hole in the wall open . Logan again hear it come and turn to face it . another object shoot out at he and he extend he claw , spear it . he turn back to the control room and retract he claw with the object impale on they . it fall away . another object fire , claw extend , slice it in two . then another , then another . the first be smashed , the second be spear . as yet another object come at he , he throw the one he have just spike into the latest fly object and the two smash in midair . int . hallway rogue smile to herself . int . danger room control booth cyclops lean into the mic that be connect to the p.a. in the danger room . 41 . cyclop you really might want to wear some gear . Logan turn to face he , hold up he hand as he claw retract , we cannot help but notice that the middle claw linger in a familiar sign of defiance . cyclops lean in and whisper to Jean . she push the lever a little higher . int . danger room Logan see this and scowl . two object come at he from opposite direction . be cross he arm and smashes they both . now a array of multi-shape and multi-color object emerge from the wall and shoot toward he . Logan jump over one , smashes the second and / with a twist and a half - pike , nail the third . Logan 's breathe be get heavier . not exhaust ... angry . int . danger room control booth xavier be watch this with grow interest , see something new in Logan 's feature . another object come at he and he destroy it , but now with a venom . no longer play . cyclops lean forward and hit the lever , drive it to its high level . Jean shoot he a look . now , suddenly -- the floor fall out below logan ... and he drop through . then a powerful stream of AIR shoot up through the open ... and ... ... Logan rise back up into the room , off balance , in the continuous flood of air . he duck and roll , swinging wildly as he try to maintain a kind of equilibrium in the air — more fireballs shoot toward he — he deflect one , but the other ignites he clothes . int . danger room control booth cyclops smile . hot shot be not so hot after all . but something be wrong — Jean sense it — she lean closer to the piexiglas , concerned — 42 . Logan start to breathe heavily as he swing wildly , out of control in frustration . the hair on he body stand on end . jean Professor ... xavier my God ... Logan spin madly , and suddenly explode into : a berserker rage . this be a absolutely primal rampage — it be utterly feral - blind FURY — unlike anything 's have ever see in its inarticulate violence . Logan slashes at everything in sight - cut he own clothing - then himself . int . hallway rogue react , frighten . int . danger room control booth xavier , horrify , yank the lever down — off . he hit two ~ " more button . the floor close . extinguishers from the ceiling shower down and extinguish Logan 's burn clothes . Logan hit the floor . but he 's still move . xavier shoot a adnonish look at cyclops . int . danger room Logan furiously lunge around the room . his claw rake along the padded wall , shredd it . int . danger room control booth jean you would better bring he down . now xavier focus he sight on Logan and using telepathy , xavier , literally , tries to shot logan down . xavier t..... can not . 43. Logan spin to glare at cyclops ~ who be stunne by the wild display ~ and Logan 's blind rage be suddenly transfer to cyclops . he start toward he , head right for the plexiglas . cyclops back up , he fight visor glow red . Logan lunge with he claw , drive they through the plexiglas , inch from cyclops 's face . then it stop ... only the sound of Logan 's intense breathe as it wane . Logan yank back he claw and they retract . he stand in the middle of the danger room , still try to control himself . Jean dare to walk in there with he . cyclops go to stop she , but xavier halt he with he hand . Logan spin around and look at Jean as she cross thut room to he . he crouch as though prepare for a attack - he animal instinct take over for the moment . slowly , he claw extend from he free hand . the other still remain lock in the glass , point at cyclops . cyclop jean . Jean never take she eye off of Logan . jean I be alright . logan this be not where I be suppose to be . jean this be where you belong . logan she say the same thing to I ... jean who ? she be get closer now . logan it do not matter ... she 's go - get away from I . he raise he claw to protect himself . 44 , jean hurting I will only make it worse , Logan . Logan struggle , muscle strain as though unable to move of he own free will . now Jean be within reach , the claw mere inch from she throat . she move toward they , closer ... closer ... until ... they retract , slowly , reluctantly , ease back into he body . resigning . cyclops watch this with obvious concern and mix emotion . then she touch he hand and he crumble . Jean catch he and help he exhaust body to the floor . logan you should have leave I . I could have die then . int . hallway rogue stand hide in the shadow , have see the whole exchange . move and tear as to what to do , she hurry away . ext . sky - evening a helicopter streak across the sky . int . helicopter Kelly sleep fitfully in the large seat . a bump of turbulence he wake suddenly and look out the window , see the ocean Kelly look out the window again and see water . they be fly low . he look at guyrich who sleep as well . he wake he . kelly where the hell be we ? guyrich look out the window and look at Kelly pazzle . he stand and go to the door to the cabin of the helicopter . guyrich Pilot ? no answer . 45 . guyrich ( cont 'd ) Pilot , what be this ? pilot ? Kelly look out the window now and see the helicopter be close in on a island - where be anyone 's guess . what be know be that the place be no pleasure resort . it be in fact some sort of refurbish island fortress , complete with turret , build right into the side of the cliff . ext . uutoimg sight a clear in the middle or a ring of tree at the base of a rocky rise . the helicopter touch down . the pilot , wrap from head to toe in a flight suit and helmet , get out and open the side door , expose Kelly and guy rich to the intense wind of the rotor . they cover they eye , cower . kelly p.o.v. two figure come out of a hole in the mountain . one seem - extremely larger than the other . guyrich and Kelly step out . as they get closer he can make out magneto and sabertooth . kelly dear God ... dear ... god. the Pilot remove he helmet to reveal : toad , smile . kelly ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? Kelly be utterly confuse . as magneto near , guyrich step forward to greet he , put he arm around magneto 's neck and kissing he deeply . then magneto look deep and loving into guyrich 's eye . magneto it 's always you type that have something to hide . and with that guyrich morph into a beautiful woman who will heretofore be know as mystique . her mutant power require no explanation . 46 . Kelly , of course , be shocked . mystique show a little hip , raise the waistline of she outfit mockingly , as the last of what we think be guyrich slip underneath . kelly you ... wha ... who be you ... where be guyrich ? magneto he 's be dead for some time , Senator . Care to know how long ? or would you rather not think about it . make you skin crawl , do not it ? magneto shake with a mock case of the willy . kelly you bastard .. who be you ? magneto who we be be not nearly as important as what we be . say , now that be a lovely soundbite . use it as you own . it will come in handy . toad and blob grab the Senator as he run back for the helicopter in vain . kelly what do you want ? magneto what we want be not nearly as important as who we want . ooo , I love this . I could write a book of this . kelly whatever you do to I ... no matter what - you will make I right . every word I have speak will be confirm . magneto gosh , I hope so . as Kelly struggle against all hope . kelly people like you be reason people like I exist . and with that , mystique walk up . 47 . mystique and people like you be the reason I be afraid to go to school . whack - she strike Kelly with enough force to : black int . machine - night Kelly come to . magneto walk past he , hold the vial we have see he with before . the vial with a tiny piece of adamantium . pull out to reveal : Kelly be strapped to a metal chair , bound impossibly tight . he watch as magneto " levitate * the metal sliver and place it inside a tube at the bottom of a large spire in the center of the room some thirty foot high with a misshapen glass dome at the top . he walk toward the opposite side of the room and watch as the sliver of metal float to the top of the device , through the shaft and into the glass dome above . Inside the dome be a metal structure resembling the model of a atom . it expands as it receive the sliver . magneto raise he arm , mostly for effect - have fun be the conductor of he grandest experiment . Kelly 's eye grow wide with fear as the mex cal begin to glow . dull at first ... then brightly ... too brightly . the dome vanish in a light so white , it defy description . a light that seem to ooze rather than radiate . a light that fill the room as it expands outward and engulf everything in sight . it be liquid light . creep and unstoppable . Kelly clenches he tooth as it wash over he . magneto raise he arm and revel in its overtake he . from outside the room , toad and sabertooth watch through the window , it come through , first casting its shadow darkly against the wall , then erase they as it swallow they - as though they be never there . 48 . int . hallway from under a door , the light leak in , literally like water in a sink ship , fill the room . all through the lair , airvent , keyhole , drainpipe and the like , the liquid light fill the lair to the gill . ext . magneto' lair - might through the turret atop the lair , the light beam up into the night sky , shine like a beacon for mile . then the white light obscure all . int . machine Kelly grit he tooth , barely visible in the whiteness . then it be go . he hang he head in exhaustion , a pink glow to he skin , but otherwise seemingly untouched . int . mansion - night rogue . the waif be h young thing who hide so well in the shadow seem more comfortable to be move through the mansion at night . she pass through hall and room not make a sound in she strangely - swathed bodysuit . int . bedroom she creak a door open slowly , let a shaft of dim light slice the darkness . she walk in to a figure lay in bed and stand over he . over Logan . he lay under a single sheet , sweat , he eye move quickly this way and that in r.e.m . his hand twitch . rogue lean in closer , as though try to see he thought . push in on logan' eye as they move under the lide . flash - dream sequence int . laboratory like none we have see thus far . in fact , judge by most of the instrument here , we be look at a laboratory some fifty year old . 49 . Logan look down and we can see he body , naked , strapped to a tab . a hand put a mask over he mouth and - black for a moment ... he awaken , still logan be p.o.v . - he struggle weakly with restraint as doctor in lab coat and thick , red rubber glove stand over hia take note , pay very little attention to he at all . he look to he right and see some sort of device -a long thick cylindrical device that resemble some of the part of the machine we see in magneto 's lair . on the other side of the room be a huge vat fill with some kind of molten metal . at the base of the vat be a small fork with a piece of filament in it that seem to be the source of heat for melting the metal in the vat . again the mask put he and awake again , but this time sink into water - restrain completely now . Logan look down and get only a glance of he body , see that he be a series of incision from head to toe - literally split open - the flesh hold back with hundred ol clamp . he sink into the strange liquid - like water , but thick and viscous . and the sound of a drowning scream - and the metal be poured in after he . the SOUND of molten metal hitting liquid be unnerving . mix with scream , it be unbearable . int . bedroom scream logan' . scream as he come to . Logan 's eye flash OPEN . he look up and see a figure loom over he . in a flash he react . 50 . thud . nothing more . then silence . the door burst open and Beast stand in the doorway , shocked . frozen . cyclops and Jean be next and finally xavier and Storm . they can only stare . Logan sit upright in bed , claw extended , into rogue' chest . she be literally freeze on the end of he arm . finally , cyclops break the silence and move to grab she . xavier don't touch her . cyclops freeze . Logan finally pull the claw free and retract they . rogue stagger , she pitch forward and touch he face gently with she hand , as though he would like to be the last thing she see on this Earth . Logan and rogue , lock in a violent and fatal moment of tenderness , share a look of loneliness that only they can understand . but suddenly , Logan seem to change . he be in pain . logan what be ... and before he can for another word , he begin to tremble , then he start to howl in pain . rogue snap back , mouth open in a gape , silent scream . what sound cozy out do not match the expression at all . merely a gasp , like steam escape . through the huge slash in she clothes , we see the wound on she chest slowly vanish . before long , she transform back into a healthy young girl with no sign of injury . then , she breathe start to accelerate , much in the way Logan 's do - too much like Logan 's do . it be as if she have take on he trait of berserker rage . soon she be smash thing all around she . one hand rake the wallpaper like claw . finally , she get a hold of herself , become the introverted rogue we all know so well . then she stand slowly , look at the other who all look at she in shock and surprise . and she run from the room . 51 . xaviep let she go . and all eye turn to Logan , who sit with he head in he hand . zht . cell - latex Kelly come to with a start , he suit be rumple and dirty , show sign that time have pass . kelly p.o.v. a television outside the cell be on to keep he occupy . News coverage of the Ellis island summit . he look around to see he be in cell with no door , simply bar that jut out of the stone floor and ceiling . only a sink a toilet and a stainless steel mirror be here as comfort . not even a bed . magneto be in the cell with he . just beyond the bar , he see sabertooth play chess at a small table . Kelly can not believe the sight of the latter , have never see such a extreme mutation . the piece on the chess board be metal , and some invisible force move the piece play against sabertooth . certainly this magneto . it be as though they do not notice he . until he grab he belly and double over , groan in pain . magneto look at he watch . magneto and how be we feel , Senator ? Advanced , I hope . kelly what do you do to I ..? oh GOD . as magneto study he painful reaction . magneto be you a " god-fear man " Senator ? Kelly 's reaction tell he he be certainly afraid of something right now . magneto ( cont 'd ) I have always love that term . as if there be something to fear . Kelly moan in crippling pain . magneto ( cont 'd ) interesting fellow , this God . the power to drift a continent a few inch ... drop whole canyon a foot or two . impressive , would not you say ? magneto move a pawn . magneto ( cont 'd ) but do you think that God himself be ever go to actually step in and do something really , really scary ? he 's not , Senator . you know why ? the Senator just glare . magneto bear in : magneto ( cont 'd ) he work , lowly . magneto ( cont 'd ) man , however , seem to have the ability to make leap and bound in he apparent absence . punch hole in the ozone melting the ice cap , and in all other way make the Earth a better place ... but for whom ? for you , Senator ? not likely . at least ... not until now . Kelly jolt from a new pain just come in . magneto ( cont 'd ) but what if you could change - adapt to you new environment . ' kelly what be you - — ? magneto what if you could breath pure carbon monoxide , Senator ? the kind you fellow man be pump straight into the atmosphere as we speak ? fly above the water that might one day cover the face of the Earth , or swim faster than any fish in the sea . what if you bone could heal — quickly — immediately ? what if you could walk through wall ? 52 . 53 . magneto ( cont 'd ) if you could move thing with you mind ? if you could read mind ? would you consider yourself a freak of nature , senator ? ( then ) or would you just consider yourself prepare ... for the future ? Kelly wince from some terrible agony . a beat . magneto ( cont 'd ) do not fear God , Senator . and certainly - most certainly ... do not fear I . ( smile ) I be here to help you . you ... the man who represent everything I hate about the homo sapien . because I be go to turn you - and leader like you - into we . believe it or not , you be a leader , Senator Kelly . you set a example . for other . and if more of you be like more of , well , we ... the world would be on the way to become a much , much better place . magneto ( cont 'd ) welcome to the future , brother . and Kelly scream in horrible pain . the bar of the cell suddenly bend a make room for magneto to exit . then they bend close behind he . int . xavier' office Logan sit in sweat now , much like the one cyclops and the rest wear after the danger room . he hang he head sullenly as xavier speak . xavier rogue come to we a few year ago . she be formerly in the care of a mutant name Max lensherr . have you ever hear of he ? logan no. xavier he 's also know as magneto ? logan no . xavier he be a old friend / a old adversary . be head a more radical cell of mutant bent on domination rather than cohabitation . I be fairly certain it be he who send sabertooth to find you . for what I do not know . Logan shrug . xavier ( cont 'd ) rogue be in love with he . but she be outcast . unable to serve he as he see fit . that be to say , she have a conscience . logan what happen to I in there ? xavier rogue 's ability as a mutant be simply put the power to take the ability of other mutant . have she touch you much longer , you would have be drain completely , possibly kill . her first , encounter with this manifest itself during she first kiss . the boy in question , not a mutant , never recover . until tonight , none of the other know , except that they be not to touch she . logan I be sure a man of you educatio.. have hear of a girl name pandora . xavier you must understand , I have spend the better part of my life teach this people to embrace what they have as a gift rather than hide it like a affliction . for some it have become they identity . you mock the name this people choose , but they wear they as badge of pride in who they be against nearly universal prejudice . and then , suddenly in they midst be one of they own who can t'ake all that away from they . leave they with nothing . she would have be a outcast amongst the outcast . 54 . 55 . logan so what now ? you be blame I for - xavier I think I will , yes . I think I will hold you responsible enough to keep you here . I will make you a deal . you work with I for a hour a day . we will try we best to look into you past and find out who you be , where you come from - if you let I , I know I can . logan I tell you I do not want you help - xavier this be not for you , you idiot . it be for rogue . you be the first live be she have touch in fifteen year . if that be not the basis for some attachment , I do not know what be . logan sonofabitch . xavier a stranger look in might say you have it backwards . int . hallway - later Logan walk out into the hall and nearly run into rogue . she look at he shyly and step back . she be wrap freshly in a thick swath of clothing from head to toe . only she face be visible . it be a painfully awkward moment . then : logan I uhhh . I do not know how old I be . I know I have be through several war , should have die in all of they . the first time I see a gray hair I ... I cry because it be the first sign of age I have see in decade . it 's the uncertainty that frighten I . wonder if some day - any day - will be my last . she nod , understanding . 56 . logan ( cont 'd ) and uhhh ... when you ... when you touch I tonight . and a tear spring from rogue 's eye . logan ( cont 'd ) when you touch I . I feel for one brief second ... the hand of death . and I know it 's out there now ... I know it can happen to I . she be sobbing silently now , step a little further back . logan ( cont 'd ) and I just want to thank you . and she look up at he , shocked . unable to control herself , she wrap she arm around he , careful not to let she face touch he . tear flow freely down she cheek . finally , Logan 's hand come up and slowly wrap around she . leave they like this . they deserve it . int . magneto' lair Kelly be hunch over he toilet , heaving . on the television be a interview with xavier that we have see before . the same word about fellowship of man , etc . Kelly slump to the floor , catch a glimpse of himself in the stainless steel base of the sink in the corner . and so do we . his skin seem to be turn white . worse yet ... not white . vein be visible all over he face and he have thin considerably . a lock of hair be in he face and when he go to brush it aside , it simply fall out in he hand , leave a patch of skin on the front of he scalp match perfectly the skin on he face . and he scream . he seem to be excrete some sort of clear fluid and he breathe be start to take on a gurgle that be all too unpleasant . he be in obvious pain . 57 . he walk toward the cell and try to look down the hall , press he face to the bar at the spot magneto have bent they . it be only then that he hear a slight crack and he head squeeze between the bar like a soft -shell egg . he gasp in pain , choke on the clear mucous . after adjust to the shock of what have happen , Kelly get a idea . be turn he shoulder toward the bar and begin to push . his foot slip in the floor and he finger stretch and crack inside , then he rib begin to pop one by one with the brittleness of undercook spaghetti . it be agonizing , but Kelly finally manage to pull he horribly - alter body through the bar . once through he look around the room and finally see down the hall where we first go on we way to meet magneto . we even hear the familiar click of the ball on he desk . Kelly , with only that way to go , do so , pass once again the odd assortment of machine , very reminiscent of the one in Logan 's dream . the click get louder and louder the closer he get to what wa know to be magneto 's office . finally he arrive , with no recourse but to pass the open door . int . magneto' office the ball click in they oddly familiar , but totally unnatural state , bang in to one another in a array of combination . suddenly , they fall , hit the desk and roll every which way . magneto look at the gelatinous creature stand in the door who look back at he . it be hard to tell which one be more surprised . he smile , unable to hide he pride at he creation . magneto magnificent . then Kelly bolt , run so fast , he slick -skin foot slip out of he shoe . magneto be up and after he , but not before hit a red alarm button just beside he desk . 58 . int . hallway - various magneto can not see Kelly , but the sloppy trail of slime he be leave make he easy to chase . he find a pair of sock leave much like the shoe . sabertooth overtake he in the hallway , follow the same trail . magneto alive . sabertooth I will find he . magneto alive . - and sabertooth be off with he own unnatural speed . int . hallway - elsewhere toad , blob be . £ pyro split up , look this way and that . toad head down a particularly dark hallway and slow down , listen . all he hear be the drip of water in the subterranean corridor . he walk past a drain pipe that lead to who know where , so small - perhaps ten inch in diameter , he do not think to notice it . once he be safely by , a large bubble of clear goo emerge from the drain , roll over to reveal it be Kelly 's head , look both way before emerge further . he drag himself out , face contort in a silent scream of agony . he come up onto he " foot " and look at he finger , now more like tentacles reach up to he elbow . he be so busy see if the coast be clear , he do not hear blob come up behind he . blob throw a meat-fist punch which tear Kelly 's suit and ram right through back and out he chest , do almost nothing otherwise . Kelly go to grab blob 's fist and he rope-finger wrap around the giant 's flesh and instantly bring scarlet , burn like welt to he . much like the tendril of a jellyfish . 59 . blob scream in agony , pull back and wrapping one hand around the other , now burn he good hand all over the palm . more scream , and the sound of toad come back . Kelly run past a helpless blob . int . hallway - elsewhere Kelly be now head down a large , open corridor ouch like a traffic tunnel . at the end be moonlight , and Kelly give it whatever he have to get there . but sabertooth be behind he . Kelly hear the pound foot and scream in terror without even look back to see what it might be . sabertooth overtake he despite he speed and lunge , diving for the wretch creature . he land face down on the floor , just as he catch Kelly firmly by the ankle with both hand . get he . but no . Kelly 's slick and jelly - like leg simply quirt out of he grasp and he keep go . ext . magneto' lair - cliff Kelly come to the edge of a sheer cliff . end of the road . several hundred foot straight down and jag rock below . he turn hearing the underbrush crash behind he and see sabertooth , pyro and toad all close in on he . Kelly think for moment , panicked and desperate . then he resign , hold he tentacles out like the arm they use to be as if to say " I give up ... " and he fall backward . sabertooth make a desperate lunge and almost fall after he . only pyro and toad be there to catch he . they all watch as Kelly fall silently toward the rock below , look up at they with almost a smile . splatch his " body " hit the rock and tquirt out like toothpaste from the tube through the neck of he suit , leave it as the only reminder that he be ever there . a moment later , the wave come and take care of that . 60 . int . magneto' office now he sit at he desk , chin in he hand , the metal ball fly in front of he as they would a juggler in ever *\_ J complicated pattern . when sabertooth walk in , the hover in front of he in the form of a question mark . sabertooth he 's dead . frustrate for only a moment , magneto adjust . magneto it change nothing . we will simply make we debut without he . , then magneto smile . magneto ( cont 'd ) it be magnificent , be it not ? iht . rec room Storm , and Beast along with several of the student , all sit watch television , but not really pay attention . it be the quiet , somber aftermath of what they have just witness . on the television , we see several news helicopter circle a platform build against the backdrop of the main entrance to Ellis Island . we see massive security measure , the like of which have never be attempt , be prepare . newscaster be there such a thing as too much security ? a possible complication add to the Ellis Island anniversary of the U.N. assembly be the sheer number of security personnel . the secret service 's request have be deny unanimously by other nation of the world to allow they to coordinate on they own . special U.N. council coordinator have thus be bring in to help aid in the communication of security unit speak in nearly two dozen different language , each they to protect tneir own . here now with the rest of the story be - Beast be the first to see rogue enter the room and he immediately stand . then Storm see she , she smile . 61 . but the student ... there be a unspoken moment of tension in the room . some of they clearly look , at she as if to say she be not want . whisper to one another and then a laugh . rogue try to say something , but cannot . the look on they face in all its ambiguity be too much for she . she turn and run from the room . STORM rogue - wait - but Beast stop she . ext . mansion - day rogue run unhinder through the gate at the edge of the estate . angle on : across the road . the leave on the tree seem to move . then one of the tree itself . then , he camouflage fade , toad come down from the treetop , head in rogue 's direction . imt . danger room - day Logan in a suit not unlike the one we see cyclops and Storm in at the beginning . it be skintight and seem to cover he well . Jean grey be help he adjust it to fit he . at the same time , she be attach remote electrode to the suit around he heart , temple , etc . xavier watch from the booth . he be adjust the dial on a wireless ekg that be monitoring all of Logan 's function . cyclops be at the control , ready . jean this will give you a little more protection than the last time . obviously , we would make one more suite for you ability . shook . Logan 's hand come up , claw have extend through the special glove , tear nasty hole in they . logan as you be say ... 62 . Jean smile . jean put that away . xavier 's voice come in over a loudspeaker . xavibr we be go to try and repeat yesterday 's performance . this time , however , I want you to try and concentrate for as long as be possible as to what think , memory , notion - no matter how fleeting - enter into you mind . do you understand ? logan what if they be naughty ? he be look at Jean when she say this . she smile , shaking she head . cyclops be clearly not happy about it . Storm and Beast enter the booth behind they in a panic . we hear only muffle conversation through the mic , then xavier , loud and clear . xavier what ?! Jean and Logan look at one another , then dash into the booth . int . booth jean what be it ? STORM rogue be go . some of the student ... react . xavier I know this would happen . jean how in the world could you have let she go ? beast it seem best if we just - logan let she figure out you problem for you ? 63 . cyclop hey , tough guy , stay out of it , okay ? you have get one day in this place . in the booth , xavier shut he eye , concentrate . logan enough to see you hypocrite have you own standard just like the rest of they . beast I hardly think that 's fair . logan just look at yourself , boo - Berry , and tell I what 's fair . cyclops lunge for Logan . claw extend quickly , ready to kill . Beast hold cyclops back and shake he just as he eye be heating up . jean enough . none of this matter , what be important be find rogue and bring she back before something happen to she . xavier I find she . int . westchester mill - dat a mother and child wander in a typical shopping daze . pull out to reveal a particularly crowded day at the mall as rogue come up the escalator , wander through they all . she walk under a high dome glass ceiling , revealing bright light outside . she walk over to a Victoria 's secret store and look up at the mannequin in the window who wear almost nothing at all . quite a contrast from she own , stifling garb . shs touch the glass as though try to reach they , then she move on . rogue' p.o.v. she look all around the mall at the many oblivious people here . Children play tag on one side . a young couple hold hand . human contact all around . 64 . she walk past a small child , she hand nearly brush the girl 's hair . she pass a elderly couple seat on a bench , dare to come within inch , die for the slight touch . finally : she see a young man look in the front window of sharper image store . she walk over and stand behind he , slowly raise she hand to touch he . her finger come painfully close , get closer . STORM ( 0.s. ) rogue . rogue turn and see : Storm , come to she though the crowd . a shift in the crowd and Storm lose sight of she . int . mall - elsewhere rogue - run up the escalator and run right into Storm , nearly touch she . STORM you do not have to run . int . pood court - later rogue and Storm have a cup of coffee by a glass railing that look down on the rest of the mall . rogue I fall off the wagon . hard . I feel like if I do not touch another human be ... she start to cry now . STORM it 's okay . rogue I do not want to live - like this . STORM all of we have that day . rogue but you can touch . you be not alone . no one be alone like I be . 65 . STORM that may be so , but you be put here for a reason . rogue I can see that look . STORM what look be that ? rogue that look people get when they want to touch you - to make you feel better . I see that look all the time . it end with this expression I be sure leper know pretty well . just then , rogue look down and see cyclops on the lower level , obviously search for she . STORM I will touch you . rogue 's attention snap back to Storm . rogue what ? STORM I say I will touch you . be that what you want ? here . she reach for rogue , who recoil . rogue do not . STORM I be serious . come on . rogue get away . please . I do not mean it . STORM then you touch I . rogue no. STORM then quit you cry . stop complain about how hard it be to be you . you want to die , go and kill yourself . ( more ) 66 . STORM ( cont 'd ) otherwise , stop be such a martyr . get over yourself . rogue look at Storm in shock . but not so much as to notice something over she shoulder . a movement on the other side of the mall . rogue' p.o.v . Storm seem to be in two place at once , because now she be all the way on the other side in front of a large planter , watch rogue talk with ... well ... Storm . the tree behind she turn a autuany red and the leave fall off . as a massive figure move into frame behind her . int . mall - loner level cyclops look up and see rogue sit with Storm , look over at something . he turn in time to see that the other Storm be be choked by sabertooth , she foot not touch the ground . he try to get a shot with he visor , but too many people be in he way . int . mall - upper level sabertooth smile as Storm struggle to turn . he whisper in she ear . , sabertooth scream for I . int . danger room - control booth back at the mansion , xavier be watch Logan go through a light routine in the danger room with Beast at the control . suddenly , xavier touch he throat , then raise a shaking hand to he head . xavier dear God . beast what be it ? xavier stay here with Logan . whatever happen , do hot leave the school . 67 . and he be go . int . mall - lower lever cyclops have a clear shot now . his eye start to glow brightly . suddenly , a familiar movement on the pedestal behind he . toad have be camouflage the entire time . he come down and lick he lizard - like tongue , snatching the visor from cyclops ' face . mayhem Light like we have never see come blast out of cyclops ' eye without any sort of control , as if a fire hydrant have be rip from the ground . his head come back and the light blow the whole of the glass ceiling to smithereen , bring it down on panic shopper who scatter . toad leap to the second level and then again out of sight . mall - upper level sabertcoth react , surprised by the sudden shift . this give Storm one last chance to breathe . we notice now that something be happen to she body . int . mall - lower lever cyclops run helpless , try to cover he eye . small stream of light shoot through he finger , sprinkle damage wherever they go . he head right for a woman and he can hear she scream , freeze in he path . cyclop get out of the way . get out of the way . he open he eye instinctively to see where he be go . she duck in time to miss the blast of pure ENERGY shoot from he face . follow the beam to : a crystal store at the end of the mall 68 . through the window and into a chandelier , refracting at the speed of light through nearly every piece of glass in the place . the owner come run out as : a explosion of glass follows he . iht . hall - upper level - pood court rogue turn to look at the Storm she be sit with who be laugh as she shrug . " STORM " we miss you , babe . instantly , rogue lash out , grabbing her by the face . " Storm " struggle at first , then begin to tremble much in the way Logan do . then worse . she turn into mystique , she true identity , as rogue turn into mystique . now there be two . they begin to struggle violently . one to be free , the other to hold on . they fall out of frame - after a moment one rise up . which mystique it be , we cannot tell . she leave the other in a heap on the floor . int . mall - upper level Storm , nearly lifeless now , struggle with what little she have to get free of sabertooth . he relish a kill at last . Storm 's eye open wide as she body convulse . boom a huge bolt of lightning shoot from she body into sabertooth , 's chest , knock he back in shock . Storm fall to the ground , gasp . elsewhere mystique run toward the exit . she look back and see the other mystique lay on the floor . Dead ? as she turn to leave she run right into toad , wear cyclops ' visor . she look at he curiously , swiping the visor off of he like a scolding mother . 69 . toad we be all set . xavier be on he way . get to the mansion . he leap away , leave mystique to transform back into rogue , nar real identity . rogue look back to the spot where the real mystique be lie and see that she be go . ext . street xavier drive as fast as he can toward the mall . int . mall - lower lever cyclops stumble blind and helpless , cover he eye . a hand come into frame , tapping he with he visor . he take it and put it on . look up to see a guilt - stricken rogue . sprinkler fire and shower down all over the mall to the sound of many alarm . ext . mall - day xavier fight the rush of traffic - people flee madly from the mall . as he pull up to the front door , he see cyclops emerge , carry Storm 's unconscious body . they be follow by rogue . rogue it 's a trick . to lure you away . they be head to the mansion . they jump in the car and peel out back toward home . int . mansion - logan' room Logan have just finish he exercise in the danger room . he look a bit wear , show sign of pain and stiffness , not quite ready for the strain he have put on himself . his face be slicked with s*eat and he wrestle with how to get this uniform off . he hear the slight noise and turn . rogue be stand in the doorway , look at he . he be speechless at first . then : logan listen , I feel a little responsible - 70 . rogue shake she head , smile . logan ( cont 'd ) I hear about what happen . be you okay ? she shrug indifferently . e.c.u. on Logan 's nose . his nostril flare .... sense ... Logan squint the tiniest bit . we know he know something be wrong , but he be hide it . be pick up a towel and wipe the sweat off he face . logan ( cont 'd ) so listen , I be think today I would go out ... have a drink . I think maybe you would come with I . rogue nod and smile . logan ( cont 'd ) maybe you could finish tell I that story you be tell I last night . rogue pause . confused . logan ( cont 'd ) you know ... come on ... do not make I say it . but rogue be stump ... not know what to say . logan ( cont 'd ) whatever you say about they bextg the same , no two woman smell alike . shook . the claw be out . logan lunge , but rogue dive to the side and out into the hall . Logan be after she , he claw tear through the wall as he chase she . logan ( cont 'd ) where be she ? int . laboratory Jean and Beast be here , work on something or other . they hear the racket and look at one another . finally , Beast leave the room to go look . 71 . int . hallway Logan chase a flee rogue toward the front door of the mansion . she run right past a open doorway and as he chase she , a blue tree trunk come out the door . blam Logan be clothesline by Beast . he hit the floor , roaring in pain and frustration . logan Beast ... wait ... but Beast be on he in a instant , no more the benevolent creature we be use to . now , he be a monster . be pick up Logan and throw he down the hall . boom Logan hit a wall and crumble as Beast cooe at he for core : logan ( cont 'd ) you do not understand ... that 's not - but he be off the floor and fly through the air again , into and through a door at the far end of the hall . rogue watch this with great fascination . she smile . behind her , a large black metal BOX float into view . behind it walk magneto , keep it aloft with he power . he stand next to rogue and watch the two hulk creature go at it . magneto you be loving this , I know . magneto keep move , now the box behind he . Beast be come toward Logan again , furious . High on the fight . Logan 's hand be raise , claw retract as a sign of peace . no go . beast you know . I consider myself to be a reasonable guy . logan wait - 72 . beast I like to think sometimes I be actually too forgive . when you grow up look like a frosty blue , sable - cover volkswagen , you learn to understand where people 's anger come from . Logan can see Beast be get angrier just talk . the claw extend reluctantly . Logan will kill he if he have to . beast ( cont 'd ) but you , man ..? well ... I have simply have enough . Logan flash bis claw , cutting the wall away behind bin . a hole just big enough for he to wriggle through . Beast lunge , but he be too late . be reach in , but cannot quite get to Logan . logan listen to I , listen . beast I would rather not . logan it 's not rogue ... it 's someone else . beast just .... come ... here ... . . logan smell she , you moron . it isn't rogue . beast what ? logan smell . ber . what rind of animal be you ? beast stop . be think . be turn . int . hallway magneto continue he curious tour - of the mansion . be look ahead at a curious thing . a heavy wooden end table be fly down the hall at great speed directly toward he head . without ever lose the look of fascination on he face , he drop to the floor . the black box keep move ahead and smashes into the end table , splintering it . 73 . magneto be up and head in the direction from whence the table come . int . hallway beast and logan hear the crash . beast Jean . logan ( re : " rogue " ) I get this one . Beast run after the sound , brush past rogue as though she be not there . Logan come out of the hole , he rage mount . rogue , suddenly see a new order of thing , start to back up ... then run for she very life . logan roar and come after her again . this time ready for business . int . laboratory magneto come carefully around the corner and into the lab . there he see Jean grey stand calmly on the far side of the room , hand behind she back . he almost do not see the baseball bat , that whip inch from he head . magnsto smile . the bat wave back and forth , whipping the air , warning he to come no further . magneto telekinesis . fascinating . what I would not give for that . alas , metal be all I be good for . but it seem to serve I well . just then , a full size examination table rise up from behind jean and smashes into her back . she hit the floor , unconscious . suddenly , from out of nowhere , Beast charge directly at magneto with the stealth of a cat , catch he by surprise . magneto wheel in time to see nothing but a wall of Blue hair and a hand of the same get hold of he neck . 74 . int . front hall Chasing , smash , scream , howling . Logan leap across the room and grab mystique by the throat . his claw extend to , she throat , he fist hold still and let the natural force of the claw do the work . slowly , they push into the flesh under she chin . she try to pull away , but she be hold fast . logan who be you people ? what be it you want with I ? mystique be defiant . smiling . mystique kill I . logan in a minute . now tell I . mystique Nice get -up . you bulge in almost all the right place . the claw extend a little more , draw blood . but before he can elicit she to speak , another voice call out to he . magneto ( 0o.s. ) looooocoo0o-gan. from deep in the mansion : magneto ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) looooocoo0o-gan. Logan think for a minute , then turn mystique around , hold he claw to the base of she skull and he free hand around she throat . int . hallway - mansion as Logan follow the voice . magneto ( 0o.s. ) looocoo0ce0 - gan . come to I , Logan . 75 . int . laboratory Logan come to the open door to see Beast in the center of the room with magneto by the throat , he giant blue hand make it look no thicker than a man 's wrist . but magneto , for a man in such a predicament , seem frightfully calm . Beast , on the other hand , look terrify . then Logan see why . Jean grey be on the other side of the room , still unconscious . hover over she be the x-ray and the examination table and both be encrust with every horrible sharp metal object in the room . stale mate . if Beast squeeze , Jean be go . magneto do I have to say it ? somehow , Logan seem pretty sure that this guy will not have the same sense of mercy for mystique if call upon . be let she go . he walk up to the old man in the funny helmet that calmly wheeze in the tightness of Beast 's grasp . at last , he be face to face with magneto . magneto ( cont 'd ) you be everything I have hope you would be . logan you be magneto . magneto . . and I be hope to surprise you . logan what do you want ? magneto the question really be , what do you want , Logan ? logan I will be sure to get back to you in the next life . shook . the claw extend to they maximum menace and come within a fraction of a inch of magneto 's eye . 76 . beast logan . the pile of treacherous metal drop a foot then halt , just above Jean . magneto look up at Beast . Logan step back , frustrated . Beast let go . magneto where do xavier find you all ? he rub he neck and look up at Beast , study he carefully . magneto ( cont 'd ) just look at you . perfection . Beast watch the Metal waver up and down , teasing . magneto ( cont 'd ) how ill at ease you most feel here . bow much like a freak among freak , where we come from , I be the odd man out . the close thing to human ... bow I envy you . beast why be you do this ? magneto if I tell you that one day you child would thank I ... would you believe it ? a loud banging SOUND . Beast and Logan turn and see that the black box that magneto have " bring " with he have open via two hinge panel at the front . Inside be dozen of sharp , hook spine , much like a old fashion Iron lady . the open panel have strange shape indentation with similar spike . magneto ( cont 'd ) tell Logan what he 's win , mystique . mystique stand by it , mock the movement of a presentation model on the price be right . magneto ( cont 'd ) okay , Logan . hop in . jean ( 0.s. ) oh my GOD . 77 . now they all turn to see that Jean have come to under the pile of metal . she push with she mind and the metal start to rise . Logan seize the opportunity to move for magneto , but the moment be lose when magneto bear down and the mass of steel violently force itself down to within inch of Jean . her whole body tremble with the force she generate , but it be only enough to hold he at bay . magneto on the other hand , seem to be use about as much strength as it would take to trim he fingernails . magneto I could just grab you by that metal skeleton of yours and throw you in , but I would have to put this down . the metal above Jean waver . magneto ( cont 'd ) not to mention the mess you would make of yourself if I have to force you in ... please . I really be try to make this as painless as possible for everyone . what do you say ? defeat , and utterly agonize at be so , Logan turn and step inside the Iron Lady . he put he arm in the indentation on the door . as they close , they fold Logan 's fist inward just as mystique demonstrate . if he should extend he claw now , he will only succeed in drive they through he lung and heart . the iron lady close . then it lift off the ground , float toward the door with Logan inside , he head stick out through a hole in the top like some black , dement personal sauna . thick metal band hinge close , meeting at the back - behind Logan - where they finally lock in place . magneto turn to Beast . magneto ( cont 'd ) now listen very carefully , brother . if - you should step into the field I have hold that table , it will come crash down with enough force to turn you friend into a new variety of floor wax . same apply if you try to stop we from leave . ( more ) 78 . magneto ( cont 'd ) not to mention the several hundred steel spike I will drive into Mr. Logan here for he to ponder while you take three day to cut he out of that box , incinerate what 's inside . Beast understand and nod , furious . helpless . magneto ( cont 'd ) I do love a good check -mate . ( look around the room ) right then . we will just be go . and magneto follow the box out the door , mystique laugh in tow . now Jean and Beast be leave alone with they quandary . Beast try to move toward she , but as promise , the huge mass of metal start to press down on Jean , who be unable to hold it off despite she effort . jean wait , wait , wait . Beast back off . beast let I think . just hold on . jean go after they . beast I can nott do - jean forget about I . go after they . beast no . jean listen to I , you flea circus , I will handle this . go get Logan . Beast shake he head , inspect the metal above she , then look around the room for something , anything . sadly , most of what he could use for leverage be hover above she . Beast think for the longest time as the metal again begin to push down . Jean fight it heroically , manage to get it a few foot in the air before it start to press slowly down again . 79 . finally , Beast begin to breathe , psyching himself up . jean ( cont 'd ) do not you dare . beast I have to . jean I can handle ii noooooooo000o . Beast leap , jump under the metal and cover Jean with he immense body , form a frame to absorb what will surely kill he . crash impact Jean open she eye to a matt of Blue hair and silence . she gasp for air , smother under the weight of Beast 's body . then , he moan . lift he head . come eye to eye with Jean . pull out to reveal : the Metal have fall in a circle around they . not one shard have touch they after all . Beast realize he himself be squeezing the life out of she and he jump up . helping she to she foot . they look at the mess around they . beast you have to admit , it would have be a great way to go . int . magneto' helicopter Logan be tightly trundle in he box , no way to struggle . toad be at the control , blob , pyro and mystique all stare at this newcomer . he stare back at they . most of all , he glare at sabertooth , who most certainly would like another piece . magneto a day of discovery for you , eh , Logan ? - less and less alone you be with every turn of the head . what make you go to Alaska ? what be it you be hide from ? do that nasty temper of yours get just a little too far out of hand ? I know all about it . I know quite a lot about you in fact . if you be good , I will tell you all . 80 . Logan spit at he . magneto ( cont 'd ) you may believe all the answer await you in the next life , but then again , what if you be not on they guest list ? Logan sneer , that last comment strike home on he one and only fear . int . westchester mansion - front hall xavier and the other come in through the wreckage that be the house . all of the student be on the front lawn , wait quietly . Beast and Jean come wear and tatter out to greet they . everyone look at each other , defeat . zvt . laboratory - later xavier stare at the ruin of the lab . xavier what on Earth could magneto be up to ? cyclop sound like a matter of wait and see , now . jean Logan could be dead by then . rogue turn and walk out of the room . cyclops look at Jean with some frustration . cyclop seem to I that work out for everyone . beast he give himself up for she , Scott . whatever you may think of he , you owe he that . int . bathroom rogue shut herself in the bathroom and cry . look at herself in - the mirror , touch she face much in the way she touch logan' . 81 . int . laboratory STORM can you find he , xavier ? xavier be already strain with he mind . xavier they be all together . ... somewhere ... I ... ( he quit , tired ) ) whatever magneto be use for that helmet , he seem to have around the lot of they , now . int . bathroom rogue be slowly get a hold of herself , splash water on she face . suddenly , a gurgle sound . she look down and see water bubbling in the toilet . then a huge , viscous bubble ... int . laboratory cyclop I be not try to be callous , but let 's look at it rationally . for all we know , Logan and magneto be together at some point . jean oh for God 's sake , Scott - cyclop just here I out . we do not know who this guy be , where he come from . what if he be some experiment of magneto 's . something that get away . what if he be not suppose to be out in the world . beast I have to say that could be - rogue come burst out of the bathroom , she face twisted in horror . int . bathroom - moment later everyone come rush into the bathroom and over to the toilet , look in . long pause . nothing . 82 . they look rather silly all stare at the calm water . just as they be back away , look at rogue , a gurgle sound come from the corner . they all turn to see : . Senator Kelly , or what be leave of he . be have now evolve into nothing more than a mass of vaguely humanbid jelly . kelly help ...me ... it hurt ... int . laboratory - later Jean grey take sample of Kelly 's plasma , while Beast probe he here and there . rogue / Storm and cyclops stand watch in horror . xavier try to see the face of he adversary in this blob of gelatin . xavier what do they do to you ? can you tell I anything ? kelly un ... conscious ... Light ... Bright ... light . Kelly flinch , he whole " body " rippling . kelly ( cont 'd ) pain ... terrible pain . xavier pull himself closer , look deep into the thing . xavier open you mind . and the thing that be Kelly begin to weep as xavier probe into he mind . xavier be p.o.v . - mindread flash int . magneto' lair the cage of senator kelly . now he p.o.v. as see by xavier . vision fade in and out in a sedate haze . he be laid out on a gurney , be wheeled toward bar that seem to have no door . then they bend back to allow the gurney to be wheeled - through . 83. he look up and see magneto wheeling the gurney , smile down with a wink at the Senator . Kelly look down at he foot and see the corridor line with that mysterious piece of machinery ... somehow familiar . they all seem to be version of the same thing . flash Kelly be look around a large , dome room , in the center be another one of this device - larger than all the other and this time even more familiar . be it Logan 's vision and not xavier 's , he might notice the similarity to the device in the room during he dream . but this thing be familiar for a different reason . it be familiar to all of we . Long and cylindrical , taper toward the bottom . a glow head at the top with a oddly shapen - almost misshapen - translucent cover . but we only get a glimpse flash kelly / xavier' p.o.v. follow the shaft to the base and we see again the fork with the brightly burn filament . flash kelly be in the AIR now , steal a glance below to see that magneto be use he power to hold the gurney aloft . it be guide into the center of the misshapen head of this terrible machine and find a secure seating . slowly build light a humming which build slowly to a rumble , then a roar . and the SOUND of kelly scream - jarring flash - a violent crash of noise and light int . laboratory xavier snap back in he chair , physically effect by the vision . frightened , shocked , perhaps even in pain . his breathe be erratic . all rush to help he , but he wave they away , collect himself . 84 . beast what be it ? xavier evil ... something ... evil . int . laboratory - later the thing that be Kelly " sit " in the corner , whimper . the television be on in the opposite corner , tune to CNN . newscaster . it be believe now after seventy - two hour have pass that Senator Scott Frank Kelly and he advisor prank guyrich have be miss . all of Washington be perplex as to what may have become of the pair , last see leave the white House after a close meeting with the President ... int . hallway - later everyone , minus Kelly , stand in the hallway whisper . xavier be shaking he head . cyclop a long cylinder you say . a warhead of some kind ? jean a antenna ? , STORM be it part of a bigger structure ? xavier shake he head , frustrated . xavier it be something so simple . I just do not get a good enough look at it , but it seem so . STORM what do it do ? xavier from what I be able to surmise , magneto have develop a device to artificially trigger the mutator gene , effectively give he the power to turn anyone he please ... 85 . STORM oh God . jean but how do Kelly - xavibr they think he be dead . beast be might be better off . all eye to Beast . beast ( cont 'd ) be seem to be adapt to he environment literally from room to room , like a salamander change color . Kelly be , or at least recently be , a perfect organism . the mutant of all mutant . cyclop so maybe this machine be what make Logan beast certainly not magneto 's design . Kelly 's metabolism , heart rate , respiratory - even the cell production - all be work at a exponential rate . jean bow long do he have ? beast I could not say . cyclop then what do magneto want with Logan ? Beast 's eye light up with a revelation . beast tungsten . all of they listen . rogue with especially deep interest , cyclop what ? beast tungsten . the filament in a lightbulb . Jean nod , understanding . 86. jean when Edison make the lightbulb , he great challenge be find the right filament . he try everything . copper / platinum , even human hair ... but tungsten be the thing . beast ( to xavier ) you describe a brilliant source of light radiating from a fork at the bottom of this ... machine . a light 1iXe none you have ever see . xavier nod . beast ( cont 'd ) adamantium . adamantium be what make this thing work . it make perfect sense . they all look at one another . jean he be not after Logan at all . xavier his skeleton . cyclop but what would magneto - a terrible SOUND from the next room . as close to a scream as the thing can make . int . laboratory everyone rush in , but the Senator be go . or at least appear to be . it be xavier who notice the pool of jelly on the floor , now with the consistency of olive oil . he reach down and dip he finger in the thin film . xavier my god ... jean what be it ? xavier he 's still alive ... everyone step back a bit . 87 . xavier ( cont 'd ) such pain ... pain like I could never have imagine ... as though the pain itself be keep he alive ... live off of he ... tear come to xavier 's eye . xavter poor creature . poor , curse creature ... then xavier arch in he chair as though jolted with electricity . Jean hold he to keep he from fall to the floor . xavier I be alright . I be alright ... he 's go . please ... a moment . xavier turn away to collect himself . jean we have to find he . cyclop he could be anywhere in - jean they be go to kill he . burn he up like kindling . rogue turn away from all of this , tear come to she eye . cyclop and take we out in the process . even if we could find he , we - jean you do not want to find he . cyclop what ? jean you hear I . you do not want to find he . cyclop that 's ridiculous . STORM guy . come on . 88. angle on : rogue ... she be look up at the television which be still on , with the sound down . she be look at yet another report on Ellis Island . jean I be shocked that you could be so utterly cyclop dammit , Jean , this be not about some petty jealousy , this be - STORM guy . enough . this be not the time or the place . all of they start to argue , voice overlap in chaos . the first several time the voice try to get they attention , it be almost inaudible . then : rogue for god' sake shut up . all eye turn . xavier be wheeling up beside rogue who be look up at the television . Storm , cyclops and Jean all walk over to they , wonder what they be look at . rogue ( cont 'd ) wait ... wait for it ... xavier be already nodd slightly . angle on : the television image be from the p.o.v. of a helicopter circle Ellis island , take in all the security and construction . huge riser make for the delegate and a temporary enclosure that will keep they safe from wir. ci while leave the roof open to see what the helicopter see as it come around for one more pass ... the statue of LIBERTY . torch held aloft , beckone all the world' downtrodden . rogue ( cont 'd ) be it something like that ? xavier 's eye close in on the torch itself . 89 . slowly he begin to nod , and we do too . there be no doubting the confirmation of the familiar shape that be so much like magneto 's machine of unspeakable horror . int . hangar rk kk rk kk discuss with bryan inclusion of and take - off of X - jet . x-men in full regalia , prepped for combat with the brotherhood . rk kk rk kk as jean be donning her uniform - cyclop I be sorry . jean no ... I be sorry . what I say be wrong . cyclop no ... no ... I hate he . it 's not rational , not fair - hardly even justified . but when I see the two of you - jean he fascinate , I , Scott . as a scientist . that 's all . cyclop that be not it . jean what then ? what could it possibly be ? cyclop the way you look in he eye . jean it 's never the same as when I look at - and she see he touch the visor self - consciously with a tremble hand . she shudder ... reach for he hand and take it away so that he can see she . jean ( cont 'd ) oh , Scott ... Scott , I be so sorry ... 90 . cyclop for all of he pain , all of he rage . I would trade place with he in a instant if it mean I could look in you eye and you in mine . tear come to Jean 's eye , make she all the more self - aware . Beast come out of the X - jet , wave to they . they shake off the moment and follow Storm up the ramp . from where she stand , rogue debate , and then follow , dash inside as the hatch to the X - jet close . lift -off . the jet turn and clear the hangar before blast off into the night sky . xavier be all alone now . he look down at he wheelchair and thump the heel of he fist on the armrest in frustration . finally , he turn around and wheel himself back inside , swallow up by the shadow of the hangar . ext . ellis island - night a aerial shot show we the whole of the fully prepare . Security of every kind from every country cover every inch of the island . helicopter be come in at the rate of about one every minute to deliver dignitary and they minion from all over the globe . ext . manhattan harbor the water be fill with police and Coast guard vessel watch the water closely . ext . island - MAIN entrance in front of the main hall to Ellis Island , where once immigrant pour into the new world by the million , be a large set of riser specially design for the head of state to sit in audience to the presentation that await they . a huge military band off to one side play music to help with the milling about and shaking of hand . the President himself be in the crowd , himself meeting and greeting , a mob of secret service always right there . 91 . a yassir arafat type , who we will call yassir Arafat , come up to the President and smile . he speak so only yassir can hear . president I have four hundred grand for poker after this . the two man laugh and then hug to the flash of a million bulb . yassir you still owe I six thousand acre in Montana from the last game . then they speak so the reporter can hear , but not too obviously . yassir ( cont 'd ) a most wonderful presentation this evening , Mr. President . president the people of the United States welcome you . yassir I have to say , I have not see this many Israelis on all side since the six day war . laugh from the eager press . president not to worry , not to worry . you be safer here tonight than at home in you very own bed . smatter of ass -kissy applause . Arafat and the President wave to press and the like , Arafat lean in so only the president can hear . yassir you have no idea just how treacherous that can be . ext . island from atop a high perch , look down . a desert part of the island . away , from the action . pan across the edge of the island 92 . every fifty foot or so , uniform secret service agent keep tight watch on the island . angle on : one secret service guy in particular . push in from above - we realize we be push in unusually fast , as though we be fall perhaps . wham . a sicken crunch . toad land on top of the secret service guy . we have be watch from he p.o.v . the secret service man be crumpled into a heap . a real frog ribbit 0.s . toad look around quietly , listen .... then leap , out of frame . hold on the body of the secret service guy . long pause . another sickening crunch off screen . ext . island elsewhere two secret service guy approach one another . one be hold a smoke , the other be produce a lighter . just as he smoke be about to hit the flame , the flame dodge to one side . he move the smoke to follow it , and the flame dodge the other way . the guy with the smoke look at the guy with the lighter as if to say " knock it off . " the guy with the lighter shrug as : the flame instantly grow to a raging intensity , engulfing they . as they be incinerate and they ash fall to the ground , pyro climb into view from the seawall below , drip wet . ext . island elsewhere a Coast Guard boat crawl into view just off shore . a secret service man in the foreground wave to the boat as it pass by . ext . coast guard boat deck a thirty footer . fast and sturdy .. the pilot of the boat , a man in he late forty , wave back . 93 . ext . island as the secret service guy wave , he jolt upright , he face contort in impossible pain . slowly , he be lift off the ground . ext . coast guard boat deck pilot' p.o.v. sabertooth hold the last secret service man aloft , impale on he claw . be wave now , the body sway this way and that before he casually throw it to the ground . the Pilot turn to the wheel of the boat as he morph into mystique and turn the boat toward the island . ext . island - bottom of the seawall manmade rocky shore . the boat bump and grind on the rock . sabertooth jump down to the deck and meet magneto come up from below . they nod to one another and walk toward the tarp on the back of the boat , pull it back to reveal : the black BOX with Logan inside . he be unconscious , but come to . magneto whip out a syringe and shoot up with a little something . Logan fade out again . another , much larger object be on the deck of the boat under another tarp , but we can not see what it be . sabertooth grab the box with almost no effort and strap it to he back . he climb the seawall with mystique close behind . magneto be just about to follow when : he sae something in the distance . magneto' p.o.v. a fog bank be drift in from the seaward side . it creep slowly across the bay toward the island . magneto think , then shake it off , follow sabertooth . ext . island - MAIN entrance more copter be landing and more dignitary arrive . the band strike up , loud speaker blare there music all over the island . they play the national anthem of each dignitary as he or she arrive . 94 , ext . island the sound of the band in the distance . sabertooth walk up to a large set of metal door surround by stately old concrete brick . toad , pyro and mystique keep a lookout as magneto wait . sabertooth rip the door from there hinges and walk in . magneto follow . the rest stay behind . int . build Silent in here . tomb-like . magneto and sabertooth make they way toward a large stairwell in the middle of the room . the begin they ascent . magneto look up and see that the stair go up for quite some way . ext . manhattan harbor the fog be thick now . int . coast guard cutter - hheelhouse the captain of the cutter look through he binocular and puzzle over this . his 1st mate stand beside he . captain hardly the night for it . 1st mate all the hot air on Ellis . they laugh as : ext . manhattan harbor the fog creep around ellis , never rise above the sea wall , but merely blankete the ocean surface for about twenty foot or so . int . coast guard cutter - hheelhouse the first matel look at the sonar , radar , etc . nothing but a dense blob of fog . 1st mate navigational be shot , sir . can not see thing . 95 . captain call it in . advise fleet to weigh anchor and wait it out . ext . coast guard cutter the anchor drop . various shot of ship all over the harbor do the same . in moment , the whole of Ellis island be fog bound . ext . island again , from high up . where we first see toad 's p.o.v . now it be magneto who look down . from atop what , we cannot tell . he see the fog engulf the whole rim of the island and puzzle over it . he be not comfortable . sabertooth be beside he . magneto I have a very sneaking suspicion we be not the only party crasher . tell the other not to hesitate . kill who you have to ... sabertooth could not be happier . he leave to deliver the news . black int . SMALL room - later close up on : logan . he come to , still in the box with nothing but he head stick out . he struggle instinctively , but wince in agony when he do . he look around he and see that he be in a strangely shape room with barely enough space for the box and magneto , who smile at he in the half - darkness . the box be on its back now and Logan be as helpless as a overturn turtle . magneto God work wonder when he make you , Logan . unfortunately , it 's not his work I be interested in . it 's what man do to you ... when God be through . man be cruel to you , be not he ? 96 . logan where be we ? magneto at the frontier of a new civilization . the breakwater of new era for mankind . we be backstage at the encore of creation . Three minute to curtain . logan why ..? magneto that 's the question , be not it ? this be the place in the story where the hero learn the secret of he identity , the reason for he life of torment , the plan of he nemesis and finally find he retention . be you sure you really want to know who you really be ? Logan 's eye say it all . magneto ( cont 'd ) well , frankly , I have no idea . Logan shake he head . " of course . " magneto ( cont 'd ) I know a little about the canadian military . I know about a experiment call wolverine during the war , though I never could find its intend purpose . maybe to build a perfect fight man , maybe to stop one . a lot of people be do a lot of unholy thing in that day . no one be better than anyone else in the end . at the bottom of it all , the culprit I suppose be simple human nature . man 's instinct to survive , Logan . if there really be such a thing as evil , you will find it there . Logan struggle now in vain , wail as he own blood flow up he neck from the spike inside the box . magneto ( cont 'd ) I would take the adamantium out of you be there a way . strange stuff really . the only thing that can generate the energy to melt adamantium be more adamantium . even then , when you melt it there be no heat . 97 . magneto ( cont 'd ) something I have not be able to work out . in this case , you be the rod and the staff all in one , you magnificent creature . it break my heart to see you go . logan you could at least do I the courtesy of tell I what I be die for . magneto Inside you , my friend , be the key to unlock the secret of evolution . together we be go to shove man into he high level . tonight , every live creature as far as the eye can see that do not already share we gift , will be change forever . logan and you think man will be happy about it ? magneto ohhhhh , I can understand you be bitter . a bit put off . but it have not be the same for you as it have be for all of we . logan I think it have . I think the reason you be do this be less a act of give than a act of get . magneto smile . magneto that might be how you - logan you have some baggage , man and none of it be carry - on . I do not know who do it to you , but I will bet he 's not the one pay you freight tonight . magneto if you will excuse I ... magneto be visibly angere by the word . he open a hatch below he and slide out foot first until only he head be visible . then he pause . 98 . magneto ( cont 'd ) and you be right , Logan . I be bitter . I be angry . I do have a axe and I be grind it on the innocent . none of it will make I sorry . and none of it will make I wrong . logan no ... just familiar . and with that , magneto be go . ext . structure magneto come to stand on the railing outside from he high perch , overlook the island . from here we pull out to reveal at last where he be . he be not on ellis island at all . instead , he , be on the catwalk around the torch of the statue of Liberty , about a mile away . he look over at the activity on Ellis Island , hearing the band and inhale the cool evening breeze . magneto give I you tired , you hungry , you poor . and he turn to the bright light of Manhattan and its seven million inhabitant . magneto ( cont 'd ) bring I you huddle mass . he bring a radio to he lip . magneto ( cont 'd ) light . ext . power station sabertooth be tear the padlock off of the generator shed that power the island . he grab a hold of the bare conduit that lead from the power supply and yank . ext . ellis island - night the President on a podium . Liberty island in the background . president and as we stand here side by side tonight . ( more ) 99 . president ( cont 'd ) as we put aside we difference and share with one another good will . as we gather together here , in the shadow of the - LIBERTY island goe black . from where they be , the dignitary see the statue of Liberty vanish in darkness . the crowd react with murmur of concern . angle on : a secret service agent raise a radio to he mouth . secret service nan Liberty one , liberty one , this be horizon , do you copy . a man' voice respond . man' voice go , horizon . secret service man ( cont would ) ( on radio ) Liberty , what 's the situation with the light , over ? ext . LIBERTY island the man in question be another secret service agent . he stand in profile , look up at the statue . other agent uhhh , Horizon , we have seem to have have a shutdown at the generator , we be five by five . there now , check it out . give we three minute . as he speak , the agent turn he head to reveal the other side of he face . it be mystique . she morph back into she full self and smile at sabertooth . ext . statue - torch magneto take this moment in the darkness to point he hand and all of he concentration on the bottom of the torch in Lady Liberty 's hand . angle on : 100 . bottom of torch . the caplike end piece of the torch begin to vibrate , metal groan , twist ... with a crack of metal , it come free , drop slightly and then hover , slowly descend to the sea . ext . seawall the boat they come in on . see the tarp and what be under it . it rise in the AIR , stand upright . the tarp slide to the deck to reveal : the device . the one Kelly see , xavier see ... Logan see . it rise higher in the air . ext . statue - torch the arm of the lady bend and groans slightly under this new weight . the device coo up pass the end of the torch on it 's way down . the end of the torch nestle gently into the fog below and finally into the sea where it sink quietly . the device rise up and into the bottom of the torch itself . the ball at it's head extend int . torch it expands , fill the half - darkness of the torch head . logan feel the BOX sniveling upright as thing shift and metal clang , shudder , creak . a slight whirring sound and then it all seem to lock . the SOUND of something coming to life with ENERGY as if a engine be warming up . ext . LIBERTY island light come on again on LIBERTY island . the statue light up to the sounus of a crowd oo and ahhinc* in the distance . int . torch light come on in the torch . Logan look around to see what he could only hear a moment ago . the inside of the torch look hauntingly familiar . he be inside a device he have see before . the device from he dream of where he be make . logan scream in horror , reach the brink of madness . 101 . ar k ar k fight sequence ar k X - Men take Liberty Island and square off against magneto 's brotherhood , have use the fog ( courtesy of Storm ) to hide they arrival . first as a one on one , then in a mighty brawl with each help the other in between be attack . as the device be activate , Logan 's skeleton begin to heat up . the liquid light fill the torch and begin to emanate . the only way to stop it be for Logan to free himself from the device by pop he claw through he own chest , tear through the lock on the back . as the x- Men fight , sabertooth scramble to the top of the statue at the behest of magneto to stop Logan , who be already mortally wounded from he own escape . in a berserker rage , he tear through the shell of the torch . on Ellis island , the sudden , brief show of light be see as a effect to punctuate the President 's comment . it receive ignorant applause from the dignitary . the secret service , fully aware that this be not part of they program , try to send boat over to investigate , but they end up collide with one another in the thick , confound fog . Logan attack magneto , slashing through the railing . magneto fall , only to use he magnetic power to pull himself back up . Logan see the loose bit of Metal around he pull free and head toward magneto and be suddenly grab by the magnetism himself . he extend he claw , wait . magneto and Logan be in a stalemate . magneto be try to pull he over the side , Logan keep he from be able to climb to safety by swiping at he with he claw . all of this end when sabertooth come up behind Logan , yank he up by the neck and throw he over and off the top of the torch . magneto , who be still hold Logan , be yank violently upward and have to grab onto the remain of the railing for dear life . 102 . sabertooth jump after Logan , who have fall from the torch and land between two spire on the crown of the statue . fight ensue between sabertooth and Logan result in the decimation of the crown as well as each other . slash , heal , slash , healm and so on . they fall through a hole they have tear in the top of the head . all of this be intercut with fight scene between the X - Men and the brotherhood . toad and pyro be kill in particularly gruesome and just way , while mystique end up chase rogue into a confrontation , the end of which we do not witness , leave we hang . magneto be make he escape , , have climb to the bottom of the statue when he be ambush by all the other X - Men ( Storm , Jean , Beast , cyclops ) he manage to hold they all off in a spectacular display of he powex . this be intercut with the wind down of the fight between sabertooth and Logan . they be literally beat to near death and be sluggishly try to finish one another off . they come to rest at the foot of magneto in the main room of the base of the statue . we reveal that magneto have Storm , cyclops , Jean and Beast all pin with twisted metal innard from the statue itself . sharp spire be slowly creep toward they throat , threaten to kill they . Logan and sabertooth be nearly oblivious , until finally Logan pound sabertooth into unconsciousness , stand over he / extend he claw for the kill : ( we now resume we regularly - schedule screenplay iht . base op statue Logan kneel over sabertooth , who struggle to fight he still . Logan cock he fist back , claw gleam and slather with blood . his rage now at a high like we have never see and finally with good reason , Logan stand , gather all he strength for the death blow when : he claw retract as he swing . the kill become a punch and nothing more , knock sabertooth senseless . the X - Men , despite they predicament , be all move . Logan collapse and roll away . he and sabertooth lie panting in a pool of they own blood , they wound heal instantly . 103 . magneto smile ironically . magneto all for nothing . the moral of tonight 's performance . the metal trapping the X - Men tighten its grip , squeezing the air out of they while sharp shard push into gore they to death . Jean try as best she can to fight he . the two power clash . jean it would not have work , Max . you be machine be flaw . the mutation burn twice as bright for half as long . less in fact . magneto a concept you will come to understand . now stop resisting the inevitable . out of the corner of she eye , Jean catch a shadow of movement behind magneto . jean what good will kill we do ? be not we like you , Max . do not we death at least mean murder to you ? magneto it be treason what you have do tonight and you will be treat as traitor be . and rogue come out of the shadow behind magneto , sneaking towards he . all of the X - Men try to hide they reaction of sudden hope . Jean continue to stall . jean if you kill we now , you will never find out where the rest of the adamantium be . and the creep metal stop , creep back a bit . magneto what be this ? and as rogue get within a few foot of he , she morph back into mystique - all hope die with the transformation . 104 . the X - Men slump with a final sense of defeat . angle on : Logan look up , but cannot move . his hand merely twitches ... claw extend a few inch . mystique do not listen to they . it 's a trap . surprise , magneto turn to she , the metal ease back further . magneto what be ? mystique this . and she lunge , grab he face with she hand morphing back into rogue - she real identity . a terrible shudder throughout the statue . a rumbling to the very foundation . magneto open he mouth be a silent scream as he power be slowly suck from he . every piece of steel and iron metal within a hundred foot be pull inward , include the metal around the X - Men , freeing they . rogue and magneto be suddenly surround by a cage of shrapnel as the statue 's steel rivet pull loose one at a time , threaten to bring the very structure down on top of they . finally , Jean rush forward . unable to touch rogue , she be at a loss as to what to do . jean rogue . stop ... rogue . rogue , herself in a rage not unlike logan' / finally get control of herself and release magneto just before bring down the house . she pull herself free as the metal around they close in on magneto . Storm , Beast and cyclops stand around rogue , careful not to touch she , but in they own way comforting she . she slowly calm herself down from a rage to peace ... then tear . 105 . ext . LIBERTY island Beast walk out of the statue base , carry a motionless Logan . Storm and Jean flank rogue , have wrap in she in storm 's cloak , each with a arm around she . cyclops bring up the rear . they walk toward the seawall where they boat be wait . but then , cyclops stop . be look back . then up at the statue and its arm , finally focus on its torch , where the device be hold . with as much effort as it would take a " normal * human to light a cigarette , he fire a beam of ENERGY from he eye . ext . ellis island president for you , the leader of the world ... for you people ... for all mankind ... I say let we shed the prejudice of the world we have leave behind . let US at last embrace one another as equal . behind he , the torch on the statue explode in a fiery ball in a magnificent denouement . pause - the stunne dignitary not expect anything to follow the first unexpected display . the President be more shocked than anyone . int . westchester mansion - hallway - day Scott and Jean be huddle together on sofa , sleep . Storm sit wide awake , stare into space , deep in think . rogue pace back and forth nervously . no one be really listen to the television . newscaster something pertaining to result of statue confrontation ) each country represent at the assembly have someone to blame . Israel blame palestinian separatist , while the Australian 's blame the french . finally the german delegate chime in say it be the work of mutant extremist as a demonstration of power to the U.N. as a whole . 106 . the image on the screen to one of that photo ops . the president signing some sort of document on he desk while a million flash bulb record it . newscaster ( cont 'd ) this cry be hear the loudest only a few day after the President vetoed the mutant registration act with almost no opposition . the word from capital hill be that the bill lose most of its momentum in the wake if the still unexplain disappearance of Senator Scott Frank Kelly last week . rogue hear that much . rogue ha . just then , the door to the lab open and all eye turn toward it . Jean and Scott stir and sit up as xavier and Beast come out into the hall . everyone wait with bait breath for something ... anything . and logan emerge . he see to limp a little , most likely tender all over and will be for some time . but he injury be not the concern just now . the issue today be he uniform . cyclop well ... I have to say ... you look pretty cool . it be a uniform not too unlike the one he be wear , not too unlike the other . but he seem to be more severe , more menace , indeed more of a expression of the Logan we have come to know . his new glove be complete with specially design , reinforce hole to allow the claw to extend and retract , which they do even now the way one might stretch one 's finger before play the piano . all in all , it be a uniform , but it in no way obscure the individual they all move closer , smile , almost laugh . Logan look at they a little awkwardly . xavier welcome home , Logan . all / staggered welcome home . 107 . logan what do you guy think about " wolverine ? " we will cut away now to spare everyone the agony of watch a group hug . int . plastic prisov - dat a clear , plastic hallway that 's right , plastic . everything we can see - wall , ceiling , floor - be make , entirely , of thick , clear plastic . down this hall to : a thick plastic cell there , in the middle , at a clear plastic desk , with two clear plastic cup fill with the only thing of color other than the two man in the room . xavier and magneto . they play a friendly game of chess . magneto be notably without he trademark helmet . xavier be in a modify plastic chair with plastic wheel . magneto do not it ever wake you in the middle of the night ? the feel that some day , some day very soon , they will pass that foolish law - or one just like it - and they will come for you and you child ? take you all away ? xavier it do indeed , Max . magneto and what do you do when you wake up to that ? xavier I feel a great swell of pity for the poor soul who come to that school look for trouble . magneto that 's no answer . 108 . xavier no ... I suppose it be not . xavier make a move , magneto counter . xavier move again . magneto why do we play this game , xavier ? xavier perhaps because we be each the only one the other trust not to cheat . magneto but you must know that it be a war . and to win a war take the will to fight it at all cost , by any mean necessary . for that reason , I will alvay be at a advantage . no matter how you trap I , how I be contain - chess piece seem to visually mimic they conversation , xavier 's white piece slowly surround magneto 's Black King . magneto ( cont 'd ) I will always find a escape . xavier but you seem to forget one little thing . magneto ( cont 'd ) and what be that ? xavier that I can simply read you mind , Max . and I will always know you next move . and with that . xavier make one , place he queen gently down , take away a knight . xavier ( cont 'd ) check . just then , the door to the cell open . a Guard wait . magneto and xavier stare at one another with a strange rivalrous smile before xavier turn and wheel himself out of the room . the door close behind he , leave magneto alon with he plastic chess set in he plastic cell . 109 . and magneto look at the piece before he . something occur to he . he smile a wick smile . and he rook levitate , despite its property , move across the board and toppling xavier 's king . magneto and mate . black .