x-men 2 ad =. David hayter story by bryan Singer and David hayter current revision by . Michael dougherty & Dan Harris production draft 4-30-02 blackness . and then a speck of light , which grow and twist , spiraling like a glowing strand of DNA . the image be pierce by the deep , rich voice of : xavier ( v.o. ) mutant . since the birth of they existence , they have be regard with fear , suspicion , and hatred . across the planet , debate rage : be mutant the next link in the evolutionary chain ... i. we rush through the DNA chain . the edge blur with speed . xavier ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... or simply a new species of humanity , fight for they share of the world ? either way , one fact have be historically . prove : share the world have never be humanity 's define attribute ... in a rush of music and light , word fill the screen : x-men 27 credit sequence end with the slamm of cerebro 's armore door . a image form in the door 's crystal lock . a image of : the seal of the president of the UNITED states . int . white house ~ tour entrance - day 1 . : : / close on : the seal as we hear a young female tour guide : oe __ , tour guide ( 0.s . ) ' we be not : enemy , but friend . we must not be enemy . though passion may have strain , it must not break the bond of we affection . '' the camera pull back to reveal the seal print on a placard below a portrait of abraham lincoln . tour guide ( cont 'd ) lincoln say that in he first inaugural spéech as the 16th President . it 's one of my favorite . the tour group approach a security checkpoint . 4 02 hhert : i 2 . '' | . 2 _int . white house - security checkpoint - continuous 2 the tourist walk through the metal detector . secret service agent watch closely . tour guide if you will please have you identification ready , we will begin the tour ... one man be stand in the back . he wear a baseball cap pull down over he dark , shadow face . as other go through the checkpoint , he step to the side and turn a corner . he stare at a janitor 's closet , just past security . 3 int . white house - other side of the checkpoint - same time 3 bamf ! a flash of light and smoke appear under the closet 's doorjamb . the door crack open and the man step out . as he veer away from the tour group , a hand be place on he shoulder . the man turn to see a agent stare he down . checkpoint agent a I be sorry , sir . be you lose ? , o ) the man nod and look up , finally revealing he face -- he have the face of a demon : skin so blue it appear black -- he eye be yellow , dilate , and glaze over . this be kurt wagner , aka nightcrawler . the agent quickly reach for he pistol . but from behind the agent 's head , a fork tail reach up and wrap around he neck -- throwing he against the wall , then slamming he to . the ground . , : . another agent rush towards nightcrawler . his tail wrap around the gun and throw he to the ground as flip over the agent and dart down the corridor . 4 int . oval office - same time the oval Office agent , walter draw he gun and press he hand to he 's earpiece , listen to the commotion . agent walter ... I repeat , how many be there ? president mckenna -- distinguished , late 60 's , sit at the desk . he drop the phone and stand up . ( continued ) C ~ 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : president mckenna what in God 's name be go on ? six more agent swarm into the room and form a circle around the President , gun point at every door . int . white house hallway - same time alarm blare as agent vanscoy turn to see nightcrawler at the end of the hall , tooth bare like a animal , run straight towards he . vanscoy aim and fire , and nightcrawler take to the wall , still run at full : speed . before the agent can fire again , nightcrawler fly at he feet first , smash vanscoy through a set of door . nightcrawler flick the gun away with he tail . he move down the hallway and turn a corner to see : six agent , gun drawn . lead agent hand on the floor ! no trick ! nightcrawler spin around and see six more agent enter the hallway . he 's trap . twelve gun be jamme into he face . nightcrawler smile , revealing spike white teeth . bamf ! nightcrawler be gone , leave behind a cloud of smoke . int . oval office - same time eo the oval office agent listen closely -- there be static on they radio . the sound of shot right outside the door . Men scream . the President be too scared to move . : ok agent walter get he out of here ! agent cartwright no . we do not know how many there be . the west door burst OPEN , fill the room with stumbling , cough agent and thick smoke . the secret service agent surround the president in a roman circle , gun point in every direction . bamf ! nightcrawler appear in front of a agent -- kick he across the face . bamf ! he appear next to another and hurl he across the room with he tail ... bamf ! bamf ! bamf ! ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : nightcrawler take out the entire circle of agent in the blink ‘of a eye . nightcrawler land on the ground , stare at mckenna . he leap and pin the President on top of he desk . President mckenna look up to see nightcrawler loom over he . his eye glaze over , he face emotionless . with a flick of he tail , the mutant pull a knife from he boot and flip it into he claw hand -- tied to its hilt be a long red ribbon . another agent run in , try to aim through the smoke . nightcrawler raise the knife -- bang ! a shot rip through nightcrawler 's wrist . scream , he eye suddenly dilate huge , then SNAP back to normal . he shake he head as if waking from a nightmare ... suddenly realize where he be . bamf ! nightcrawler disappear . the secret service agent lower he gun and move to the President 's side . president mckenna what ... the hell ... be that ? close on : the knife stick straight up from the center of the desk , a ribbon hang from the handle . push in on the ribbon : Three word be write in gold : mutant freedom now . fade to white . a endless plain of snow . pierce only by a long line of footprint , lead up to logan , aka wolverine , wear only a leather jacket . he 's trekk through : ext . alberta wilderness - morning a 7 ; Logan reach the top of a mountain crest and stare across the snow at a hydro - electric dam , and a old , weathered sign : tr tr ) ex he take it in . then , Logan see it , downstream from the dam : the abandoned base . circular , half - bury in snow . 10 11 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 5 . ext . alkali lake military base - moment later 8 dwarf by both nature and the scale of the building , Logan approach this abandoned military base , cover by ice and snow . closer he pass through a mouth - like open , enter a giant circular courtyard with door lining the perimeter . int . alkali lake base - MAIN build - moment later 9 a massive and destroyed room . the wall be metal and thick . Logan wander silently through hallway lead to clean out room and desert space . then , at the far end of the hall , a lone wolf stand , watch he curiously . Logan freeze , wait for the wolf to make the first move . beat . it turn and walk down a flight of stair . Logan watch it disappear , then follow . int . alkali lake base - basement room - later 10 he flick on a SMALL flashlight and walk a bit further into the massive room , when he hear : a wolf howl . he turn quickly ... snikt ! his trademark claw shoot from the knuckle . as he turn back around , he see it : ... the only clue to he past -- the only clue that link he to this place ... : -' claw mark . three . slicing the wall . angle on :. logan , wonder if he could be face with himself for the first time . wider : Logan slowly turn around , realize that there . be nothing leave of this place . : int . science museum - day . 11 push in on : a diorama of a winter landscape -- a mother wolf , : blood on its tooth , angrily protect its young from a neanderthal hunter , blood on he tooth . hunched over , he hold up a large club . a child peer at the display . ( continued ) 11 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 6. continued : ail STORM ( 0.s. ) contrary to popular belief , neanderthals be not the ancestor of modern day human , but rather distant cousin who die out 30,000 year ago ... wider : to reveal a exhibit on human evolution . ' storm ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ..- they be replace by a more advanced race call cro-magnon man , also know as homo sapien ... at a ice age display , twelve year - old , artie , stare at a woolly mammoth . a kool - aid stain little girl glare at he . STORM ( cont 'd ) ..-. also know as human being . in other word , all of we . artie look at she and smile . she scowl and stick out her tongue . artie return the gesture but he tongue be black and forked . the little girl whine and run to she parent . a shadow loom over artie , and he look up to see STORM , stare down at he . he smile innocently . STORM ( cont ’d ) not here , artie . Storm take he by the hand and continue she lecture , a group of kid behind she . they be : . 's i professor xavier' student . they be just like normal kid on a field trip , but they appearance be ... different . most be in they early teens , a few be as young as eleven . other museum patron try not to stare as they pass . : artie ( loudly ) but miss Monroe , be not we mutant ? Storm check to see if anyone hear , then kneel down . '' STORM ( whisper ) yes , but mutant be only people with some extra active gene . we be still human . artie smile . as Storm stand back up , she see the other kid be go . they be c#f to the side , stare at : ( continued ) 11 '' '' 0/02 do rt arris 7 . continued : ( 2 ) il a exhibit on mutation fill with illustration and photograph of hideously deformed mutant . a timeline track mankind from the ape-like homo hablius to homo sapien -- and then the line suddenly split into a second group , label : homo 2 the child look horrify and hurt . STORM ( cont ’d ) come on , child . let 's go . she usher they away , try to hide she own discomfort . jean grey ( 0.s. ) Storm . she turn to see jean grey and scott summer ( cyclop ) walk with another group of kid . jean grey ( cont 'd ) ' everything okay ? STORM yeah . how be the medical exhibit ? jean grey the kid like it . Scott be bored . | cyclop | it be boring . |! Storm be distract . she do a quick head - count of . the kid . STORM eany where be whe other ? a brilliant glowing light swirl gently in front of the face of a teenage boy . this be JOHN allerdyce , aka : pyro . . j rack focus to reveal that the swirl light be FIRE , and pyro be manipulate it between he finger . wider to reveal : pyro sit next to rogue , who stare at the fire , transfix . next to she , bobby drake be nervous -- on the other side , kitty pryde watch , embarrassed . they be sit in : - x & Harris int . science museum - food court - continuous pyro manipulate the fire with ease , create a series of marble that effortlessly flow between he finger . rogue my turn . she reach to touch pyro 's hand . he flinch away . rogue ( cont ’d ) it 's okay . I can control it better . Bobby watch jealously . as rogue 's hand make contact with pyro 's . there a quick flash of light -- pyro smile like he 's buzze . rogue pull she hand away with the SMALL flame . rogue ( cont ’d ) wow . I feel ... warm . but she can not control it , and it quickly grow larger , swirl around she hand . kitty rogue , be careful . pyro she 's get it . she do not , and Bobby know it . she continue wrestle with the flame , when Bobby glance over at three teenage boy who be watch they from a few table over . - for bobby rogue . '' but rogue be too focus try to control the fire . Bobby nervously glance at the three teenager , now walk towards they . bobby ( cont ’d ) rogue . pyro quickly reach over and put the fire out . rogue snap she head up to see the three teenager glaring at she . teenager 1 be smoking a cigarette . teenager 2 my friend want to know how you do that . rogue look at he , then at Bobby and pyro . ( continued ) 12 13 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 9 . continued : 12 teenager 3 yeah . do it again . rogue ... I can not . teenager 2 reach towards rogue 's hand . bobby you really do not want to touch she . teenager 2 press forward . Bobby stand up . teenager 1 take a drag . pyro twirl he lighter in he finger . pyro there 's no smoking in here . he blow the smoke into pyro 's face . teenager 1 ( be : he lighter ) oh yeah ? whaddya do with that ? Light you fart ? the teens laugh . he take another drag from he cigarette . push in on : the glowing ember of the cigarette . pyro no. just asshole . pyro 's eye narrow -- and vwoosh ! the flame of the cigarette ; travel as fast as lightning , incinerate the cigarette and | set the guy 's jacket and hair on fire . he scream , furiously try to PAT it out . his friend panic . bobby reach up he hand , and send a stream of frost ; towards he . immediately , the fire freeze and drop off . the teenager stare at the young mutant , terrify . so do everyone else in the food court . rogue , Bobby , pyro , and Kitty quickly leave the room . int . museum - hallway near gift shop - continuous 13 kitty John , you be such a prick . without miss a beat , he push her to the right , and she phase through a wall , disappear . after a second , she reappear on the other side , daze . ( continued ) 15 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 10 . continued : . 13 the group turn a corner and come face to face with Storm . she be not happy . Jean and cyclops be behind she with the other kid . bobby ( to Storm ) I think we should go . Storm seé other museum visitor stare at a television near the gift shop . STORM I think you be right . on tv : a image of the White House , surround by army troops . the word : '' mutant assassination attempt '' appear on the screen . as xavier 's student stare at the screen , Storm look around , uneasy , at museum patron who have also stare in shock at the news . ext . xavier 's mansion - garden - later 14 a girl chase a boy around the fountain . he suddenly multiplies into six more copy of himself , confusing she . we pull back , through a window , into : int . xavier 's mansion - xavier 's office - same time 15 cyclops be stare out the window , at the kid . he turn around to jean grey , STORM , and professor xavier . a- rog television silently play a white house PRESS conference . '' cyclop ° my opinion ? ' magneto 's behind this . . jean grey no , I do not think so , Scott . xavier while Eric might have organize something like this from prison -~ for he the gesture be far too ... irrational . it only hurt he goal of mutant prosperity . cyclop you mean superiority . xavier if Eric have he way , yes . ( continued ) 15 16 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 11 . continued : 15 in the background , the tv screen display image of protester on both side of the mutant issue . STORM you know how the government will respond to this . they ’1ll re-introduce the registration Act . xavier or worse . xavier stare at the protester on tv , troubled . jean grey do you think the mutant be work alone ? xavier the only way we will know be if we find he before the authority do . int . oval office - day 16 close on : the knife MARK , still leave in the President 's desk . pull back to reveal : william stryker -- 60 , wealthy , tailore -- rub the mark with he finger . stryker it be close , be not it ? closer than anyone 's admit . president mckenna be pour two glass of brandy . president mckenna what do you need , William ? i - stryker ) : my division need you authority for a special operation . the President sigh , take a sip . he see this come . president mckenna and somehow I think you be here to talk about school reform . stryker funny you should say that . a knock at the door . it open , and en assistant let in senator kelly . ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 12 . 16 continued : 16 president mckenna Senator . senator kelly Mr. President . thanks for have I . they shake hand . president mckenna I do not believe you two have meet . Senator Kelly , this be William stryker . stryker no , we have never meet ... but I have follow you career for year . it seem that you idea about the mutant problem have change recently . senator kelly for the best , I hope . president mckenna Senator Kelly 's be at the forefront of both side of the issue for some time -- I think he point of view would be worthwhile ... particularly during this crisis . od i stryker . if you think that 's appropriate ... senator kelly so , what be you propose , Mr. stryker ? - 4 stryker , clearly not comfortable with Kelly 's request , begin to place surveillance photo of xavier' mansion on the President 's desk ... stryker my people have gather this surveillance photo . of a mutant training facility in the Salem region of upstate New York . president mckenna where do you get this information ? stryker interrogation of one of the Liberty Island terrorist . ( continued ) 4/30 oughert : Harris 13 . 16 continued : ( 2 ) o senator kelly Eric ... Eric lensherr ? you have access to , he ? stryker my group develop the technology that build he prison , when , I might add , the Defense Department could not find room in they budget . he continue to hand the President photo . Senator Kelly finally look at the photo . his face blank . senator kelly this facility be a school . stryker sure it be . stryker throw down a series of black and white photo of the mansion . in they , the basketball court open to reveal the X - jet . cc stryker ( cont ’d ) —) now you ask yourselves : how could this have happen ? stryker turn and glance at a damage wall . stryker ( cont ’d ) how could it not have ? the President stand up , take a sip of he drink . sigh .. stryker ( cont 'd ) if we would be allow to do we job vi before this incident ... ( he stand up ) do not misinterpret my goal , Senator . we just want to go in there -- see what | they be up to . stryker hold up another photo . stryker ( cont 'd ) oh . one last thing , Mr. President . for over a year , we have be tracking this mutant . he hand the photo to mckenna , who look up at stryker in SHOCK , because ... é ( continued ) 17 18 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 14 . continued : ( 3 ) 16 stryker ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) this photo be take three month ago . . it be a surveillance photo of nightcrawler . ext . white house - moment later 17 stryker emerge to greet anne reynold -- he right hand in command . they walk through the outer hallway , which be be repair from the attack . senator kelly ( 0.s. ) Mr. stryker . stryker and Anne stop and turn around to see Senator Kelly . stryker Senator Kelly , this be Anne reynold , my director of special project . senator kelly my pleasure . Kelly shake Anne 's hand tightly . a little too tightly and for a little too long . senator kelly ( cont 'd ) listen , if you have like to talk further about what you be plan , I no be available to offer my assistan -- stryker ( cut he off ) - 4 thanks for the offer , Senator , but everything be already in place . stryker smile 's eerily . pat he on the shoulder . as stryker and Anne walk away , senator kelly rub he finger together . his eye flash yellow . int . xavier 's mansion - live room - dusk 18 rogue sit on the couch next to Bobby and a few other kid , watch the news . Bobby 's hold she glove hand . behind they , the door open . rogue smile and run towards ... rogue Logan ! she throw she arm around he . ( continued ) 4/30 /0 ougherty & h i 15 . continued : logan hey rogue . she back up , smile . behind she , Bobby appear . logan ( cont ’d ) who 's this ? Logan look Bobby up and down . rogue this be Bobby , he 's -- bobby her boyfriend . ~ they shake hand . crackling ice and vapor rise from the handshake . rogue roll she eye at the macho display . bobby ( cont 'd ) they call I iceman . Logan be not impressed . logan right. ( to rogue ) where 's the Professor ? STORM ( 0.s. ) welcome back . Logan turn around to find Storm and Jean , smile at he . they be both carry duffel bag . Logan focus on Jean . logan thanks . it 's good to be back . ( beat ) . hey Jean . jean ( smile ) hi Logan . Logan and Jean smile at each other warmly . rogue and Bobby plop back down on the couch , hide know smile . Storm awkwardly watch Logan and Jean share a moment . she back up slowly , point . 18 ( continued ) 18 oq a ~ '' 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 16 . continued : ( 2 ) - STORM I be go to ... I be ... the plane ... I be gonna get the plane ready ... ( beat ; cute ) bye ! she walk off . Logan turn back to Jean , smile . jean grey it be good to have you back . logan how good ? he look at she bag . jean grey we will not be go long . logan but I just get here . jean grey and you will be here when we come home . cyclop ( 0.s. ) find what you be look for , Logan ? they both look up to see cyclop enter the room . Logan turn back to Jean -- stare directly at she : logan more or less . : - 7 cyclops move next to they . put a hand on Logan 's shoulder . cyclop and with such perfect timing . tonight , you be the baby-sitter . ( gesture to . the kid ) in bed by eleven , okay ? rogue and Bobby look up , not happy to hear that . Logan 's watch they leave . Jean turn to wave goodbye . rogue he mean midnight . logan eleven . where 's the Professor ? 18 a/ doughert : harri 17 . 19 int . xavier 's mansion - cerebro - minute later 19 xavier sit at the console , adjust the control . xavier Logan , my repeat request about smoking in the mansion notwithstand , continue smoking that in here ... and you will spend the rest of you day under the belief that you be a six year - old girl . reveal Logan stand in the entrance , behind the Professor , cigar in he mouth . logan you no do that ? xavier I 'il have Jean braid you hair . Logan put out the cigar with he palm , and put the rest in he shirt pocket for later . xavier ( cont 'd ) C } how be you search ? more question than answer ? Logan step forward onto the platform and the door close . xavier put on the helmet . as cerebro hum to life , Logan look around , sketchy . logan you want I to leave ? : - gy xavier . ne. just == sion ! t move . '' the wall fall away with the cerebro effect . the cerebro Pov abruptly pull straight down with stomach lurching speed , rush through blackness with hint of light . in second , both Logan and xavier be stand inside a giant image of the earth rotate above they . dotte across all continent be sparkling white and red light , like star fall to Earth . the white light far outweigh the red one . xavier ( cont 'd ) that light represent the whole of . humanity . every live soul on every sontinent . ( continued ) 4 02 herty & harri 19 continued : 19 o suddenly , the white light fade -- leave only the red one . xavier ( cont ’d ) and this be the mutant -- many of they do not even realize yet who they be . you see , we be not as alone as you think . logan I find the base at alkali Lake ... there be nothing there . xavier 's too focus on the light , which have completely fade , leave only a red line along the East Coast . xavier odd . this break line represent the path of the mutant who attack the President . I be find it hard to lock - on to he . logan can not you just increase the ... signal ? xavier cy if I want to kill he , yes . x cerebro zoom in closer , revealing the a blinking red light in boston . latitude and longitude point be display . i xavier ( cont 'd ) ... it look like he 's finally stop run . logan ~ I need you to read my mind again . | | | Logan be angry . he have no interest in talk about this .- / xavier close he eye -- he have find what he need . suddenly , the cerebro effect collapse on itself and we be back on the catwalk . 3 xavier : I be afraid the result will be the same as before . logan we have a deal . xavier Logan , the mind be not a box to be simply '' unlock and open -- it 's a beehive , '' with a m'llion separate compartment . ( more ) ( continued ) 4/30 dou rt Harris continued : ( 2 ) xavier ( cont 'd ) I do not doubt that you amnesia and ... enhancement be connect , but use my telepathy be still far too risky . 20 xavier put the helmet down . Logan be more piss off than disappointed . xavier ( cont ' D ) I promise we will talk more when I return . Scott and I be go to pay a old friend a visit . int . plastic prison - magneto 's cell - day 20 the transparent plastic prison -- dimly light for the evening . magneto be face be obscure by the book he be read : t.h. White 's '' the once and future king . '' the walkway extend across the chasm to he cell . a big , obnoxious guard by the name of mitchell laurio enter . magneto lower the book to reveal : bruise on he face . magneto . Mr. laurio . how long can we keep this up ? laurio how long be you sentence ? magneto forever . a series of cameras in the prison suddenly click off . stryker ( 0.s . ) - not necessarily forever , Mr. lensherr . just until I have get all that I need . stryker strut in like he own the place . magneto Mr. stryker . how kind of you to visit . have you come back to make sure you hard earn dollar be keep I so ... ( tilting he bruise face up ) ... comfortable ? stryker calmly sit at the table , face he . he toss SMALL tube of yellow liquid to laurio . magneto look at the vial , genuine fear in he eye . he try to stand and laurio quickly force he back down , press he face to the table . stryker watch , amused . ( continued ) 21 '' ner 22 23 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : laurio bend magneto 's head down . and that 's when we see it : a SMALL circular scar on the back of he neck . use a small pipette , laurio put two drop of the yellow liquid on the back of magneto 's neck -- right on the scar . angle on : the yellow liquid , as it bubble and proceed to sink into magneto 's neck -- form a perfect circle . magneto look up -- he eye be wide and dilate , just as nightcrawler 's be in the White House . he seem to be ina daze . calm . stryker ( smile ) now , Mr. lensherr ... I have like to have one final talk about the house that xavier build -- and the machine call cerebro . int . x- jet ~ new york airspace - dusk 21 Storm pilot the jet while Jean navigate . both be in battle uniform . xavier ( on radio ) the mutant 's signal have finally settle in Boston . I be send he last know coordinate to you now . once you land , Jean , you will have to rely on you skill to track he . jean grey let 's hope he cooperate . xavier ( on radio ) yes , for he sake . good luck . '' xavier' transmission end . ext . new york airspace - dusk 22 . the jet pass over the statue of LIBERTY . Workmen patch a hole blasted through the statue 's forehead . the jet bank silently and disappear into the cloud . int . federal build - lobby - dusk 23 anne reynold enter the building , pass by employee on they way out for the night . a hand grab Anne 's shoulder . crawford { 0.s. ) Anne ? ( continued ) 23 24 25 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 21 . continued : . 23 ' Anne turn to see a young employee : scott crawford . he talk quietly , smile as if he know she . anne reynold yes ? crawford I just want to see if you have a chance to look over the latest floor plan . anne reynold ( confuse ) oh , not yet . ( look at he id badge ) I be sorry , Mr. Crawford , but I forget my badge . be there any way you could swipe I in ? she smile , flirt . ' crawford so , we be back to use last name ? he swipe the card . the door open and Anne enter . ' int . federal build - outside anne reynold 's office - later24 Anne walk past a cleaning crew and press she palm against a hand scanner . the door unlock . int . federal build - anne reynold 's office - continuous 25 Anne shut and lock the door behind she , then quickly head : to she desk and sit in front of a computer . side , reveal that Anne have transformed into mystique -- just dolly . around . the.. computer monitor , and .as we reach the other as beautiful and dangerous as we last see she . | on the monitor : > voiceprint identification please . mystique ( in Anne 's voice ) reynold , Anne . on the monitor > access granted . mystique smile . she select ' recent item 's from a menu and find a folder label 143 . Inside it , she open a series of file : floor plan , lensherr , augmentation , etc ... 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 4/3 do : rty & Harris 22 . int . federal build - lobby - same time 26 the real anne reynold swipe she security badge through the door and walk down the hall towards she office . int . federal build - anne reynold 's office - same time 27 as mystique continue to read the file , she smile fade . int . federal build - outside anne reynold 's office 28 Anne press she palm against the hand scanner . int . federal build - anne reynold 's office - same time 29 the office door click ... mystique look up , startle ... ... as Anne reynold enter , and walk to she desk . nothing appear out of order . mystique be go . Anne look up from she desk and gasp . a cleaning lady be in the corner of the room . anne reynold what be you do in here ? cleaning lady lo siento , la puerta fui abierto . the clean lady apologetically back out of the room . Anne look annoyed , then sit at she desk . int . stryker corp - outside anne 's office - moment later . , 30 as mystique / the clean lady walk down the hall , she pass the identical cleaning lady , who , stare , ..dumfounded . ext . boston harbor - night 31 the X - jet lie just under the surface of the water . boom up to reveal the Boston skyline . title card : boston ext . boston STREET - CITY square - night 32 STORM and jean , in civilian clothes , enter a CITY square . the air be tense . people have they eye glue to tv set in bar and restaurant , watch news report and debate . police officer stand on almest every corner . / ( continued ) 34 4 2d continued : jean grey this be the coordinate . Storm turn , realize Jean be not next to she . STORM : Jean ? ; Jean be a few foot back , angrily stare at a graffiti - cover wall surrounding a abandoned church . on the wall be the word : clean the gene pool -- kill mutant scum . Jean stare at it intensely ... concentrate ... STORM ( cont ’d ) Jean . come on . let 's go . jean grey no . he 's in here . as they walk up the stair , the wall begin to vibrate ... and the graffiti crumble to dust . ext . abandoned church - night 33 STORM and jean stand in front of two massive wooden door , chain shut . a sign read : condemned , CITY of boston . Jean concentrate -- the chain quickly SNAP off . int . abandoned church - night 34 the door swing open from a gust of wind summon by Storm . , pigeon fly from the rafter as they enter the dark church . they head down the aisle . statue of saint line the wall . as they walk further in , a statue in the shadow seem to turn -- watching they . then a demonic voice come from behind the altar , stop they in they track -- of voice ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) steigen sie aus ... ; bamf ! a puff of smoke from the altar - - and the voice speak again from a chorus balcony behind they -- voice ( o.£. ) ( cont 'd ) ich bin ein minion des teufel ! ( continued ) 0/02 do ty & ris 24 . 34 continued : 34 % STORM we be not here to hurt you . we just want to talk . bamf ! smoke from the balcony . the voice now speak from the rafter above ... a dark figure climb in the beam . voice ich bin ein tormentor vom verdammten ! jean grey he 's a teleporter . must be why the Professor have trouble lock onto he . Jean roll she eye . definitely not impressed . voice ich bin ein gebrochen ! jean grey be you bored yet ? STORM oh yeah . Storm concentrate . lightning twist and coil up the column and strike the rafter , send the figure fall . bamf ! the figure disappear in a cloud of smoke . Jean hold up a hand and bamf ! he reappear , frozen in mid - AIR , hold by Jean 's power . nightcrawler futilely kick and squirm . STORM ( cont 'd ) . - F you have he ? - | | ' nightcrawler try to teleport , but only manage to create 4 weak puff of smoke . jean grey he 's not go anywhere . ( to nightcrawler ) be you ? nightcrawler please do not kill I ! I never intend to harm anyone ! STORM I wonder how people get that impression . what 's you name ? nightcrawler eye they nervously . ( continued ) 35 37 38 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 nightcrawler kurt wagner . int . church tower - moment later 35 nightcrawler have turn a small room inside the Church 's tower into a home . Old bible , hymnal , and other religious object be scattered next to blanket and food . he 's sit on the ground , nervously clutching a rosary . Jean and Storm be crouch down next to he . pan across : a series of old circus poster with image of kurt , advertise as '' the incredible nightcrawler '' . nightcrawler ... I could see it all happen ... but I could not stop myself . it be ... someone else , like a bad dream . ( beat , point upward to a crucifix ) I fear he 's leave I . I even find ... a mark . here . look here . he pull back he shirt to show they the back of he neck . they look close to see a circular scar , just like magneto 's . int . xavier 's mansion - hallway - night 36 wearing night clothes , Logan wander the mansion , into ... int . xavier 's mansion - kitchen - continuous 37 ---a sprawling kitchen . he approach the refrigerator ---. , pull out a beer and wander into ... int . xavier 's. mansion - live room - moment later 38 ... the recreation area , where a twelve year - old boy with large glass name jone sit on the couch watch tv Logan settles down into a large leather chair and watch the television . slowly , he eye be draw towards the boy . whenever Jones blink he eye , the remote control light up and the channel change . and Jones be blink he eye a lot . Logan laugh quietly to himself . jone can not sleep ? logan how can you tell ? ( continued ) 38 40 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris : 26 . continued : ' 38 jone Cause you be awake . logan right . how about you ? jone I do not sleep . Logan take a sip of beer . Jones continue blink -- the tv change channel . jone ( cont ’d ) lot of time , when Mr. cyclops can not sleep , he practice in the danger room . he go all the way to level 8 . logan level 8 ? the boy smile . int . xavier 's mansion - underground hallway - minute later 39 deep below the surface level of the mansion , Logan approach a large metal door . it open . int . xavier 's mansion - danger room - moment later 40 blackness , save for the light pour from the hallway . the door close behind he . a shaft of light appear from above as a illuminate control panel rise from the floor in the center of the room . Logan walk towards it . the control panel 's scale be from 1 - 10 . Logan . smile and press 9 . another display appear : real dan mu : danger ? Logan smirk : be there any question ? he press real danger , and the panel slide down and disappear under the floor . kching ! kching ! kching ! one by one , tall vertical light panel along the wall illuminate the massive circular room . Logan turn , stare in awe . the control booth -- attach to a long arm that bisect the room near the ceiling -- begin to spin . suddenly , the floor panel begin to drop and raise like giant column , knock Logan to the ground ... or 41 42 3 do erty & Harris 27 . int . plastic prison - security checkpoint - , minute later 4 i xavier , now in a plastic wheelchair , enter the security area . cyclops follow . ' xavier Scott , you can wait here . in 1l be out in a few minute . xavier approach a large circular door . two guard stand next to it . cyclops glance towards mitchell laurio , who smile eerily at he . laurio hey . cyclop hey. int . plastic prison - continuous 42 xavier wheel down the long plastic tube . enter : int . plastic prison - magneto 's cell - continuous 43 magneto face away from xavier , place chess piece back on he plastic board . , magneto Charles xavier . to what do I owe the pleasure ? xavier '' . there 's be a assassination attempt on the President , Eric . what do you know about it ? magneto nothing . you should not even have to ask . magneto turn towards he , revealing bruise . xavier be horrify . xavier what 's happen to you ? magneto I have have frequent visit from William stryker . xavier react . it 's clear that they both know he . ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 28 . 43 continued : 43 xavier William stryker . magneto his son Jason be once a student of yours , be not he ? xavier yes . unfortunately , I be not able to help he . not in the way he father want I to . 44 int . plastic prison - security checkpoint - same time 44 laurio glare at cyclops . a woman enter the room -- it 's Anne reynold . she approach cyclops and look closely at he . 45 int . plastic prison - magneto 's cell 45 magneto and now you think that take in the cy wolverine will make up for you failure a with stryker 's son ... xavier do not respond . magneto ( cont ‘d ) you have not tell he about he past , have you ? xavier : '' of his mind be still fragile . : magneto : 4 is. it ? ' i ( beat ) or be you afraid you will lose he , old friend ... ( beat ) to the truth ? xavier there be no truth in vengeance . magneto be you so sure ? magneto sigh deeply . he look away from xavier . ( continued ) of ic ' / 46 47 48 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : push in on : xavier , concentrate -- read magneto 's mind . his demeanor suddenly change -- he 's shocked . xavier what have you do , Eric ? magneto I be sorry , Charles . I ... could not help it . xavier what have you tell he ? magneto reach around , and instinctively rub the scar on he neck . magneto everything . xavier sit back , horrified . magneto look away . the information run through xavier 's mind . xavier scott ! ! int . plastic prison - security checkpoint - same time 46 cyclop what 's go on ? Anne reynold hold up a taser pistol and aim . electricity blast he . he collapse to the ground . Anne nod to laurio . - for int . plastic prison - magneto 's cell - same time 47 . xavier panic . he look around -- the catwalk be be retracted from the cell . the air suddenly get thicker , and xavier start to cough . xavier what 's happen ?! magneto stare at xavier in fear . his eye be bloodshot . he start to choke , because ... the room be fill up with gas . they both struggle , cough , and finally ... pass out . int . xavier 's mansion - live room - same time 48 Jones sit on the couch , laugh to himself . he blink , and the tv change channel again . ( continued ) 48 oy ( oy ) ' 49 o 50 | | | 51 . 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 30 . continued : . 48 behind he ... blurry ... in the background : a shape -- a figure -- slowly descend from the ceiling , and quietly set on the ground . it slowly rise up to its full height , and two glowing red eye appear . Jones see the reflection of the eye on the tv screen . he slowly and nervously turn around to see : a man . stare at he . dress in black , form -fitting i battlegear . his face be completely cover , two glowing i goggle over he eye . at first glance , he could easily pass for one of the X - Men in uniform . eerily , he wave to Jones . Jones get off the couch ... and walk towards he . Jones stop and look up . a rope be dangle from the open skylight . the man do not move -- he look at Jones curiously . he methodically hold up a gun and aim it directly at the young mutant 's head . the boy take a step back , when ... bang ! Jones fall to the floor . int . xavier 's mansion - danger room - same time 49 Logan try desperately to climb up the grow and recede platform . he jump , finally on top . snikt ! the platform drop and simultaneously fire a projectile toward he . he dive ... the floor drop again . int . xavier 's mansion - upstair hallway - moment later 50 a dozen soldier rush up both staircase and into the upstairs hallway ... they quickly disperse -- two soldier - enter each room . int . xavier' mansion - boy 's bedroom - continuous 51 artie , peter rasputin , and another boy be asleep in bunk - bed . the door slowly creak open , revealing two soldier . . '' they quietly creep into the room , rifle raise . they take another step and the floor creak . the soldier stop ... wait . beat . they start move again . close on artie , lay on he side , he back to the soldier . he eye be OPEN . he can hear they approach from behind . the soldier begin move towards the bed ... artie be nervous . he close he eye tight . the air around he ripples ... and he become transparent . not entirely invisible , but only a faint image of himself ... a shimmer . ( continued ) 52 54 0 ugher : continued : one of the soldier lift he rifle . a red laser appear on the back of one of the still sleep boy . woosh ! the faint blur of artie run past the soldier . they turn and try to aim ... they FIRE -- a dart stick harmlessly into the wall . artie reach the other side of the room . he re-materialize , reach up and pull a emergency switch . a alarm blare . warning light flash . artie cower from the soldier as they prepare to shoot again . suddenly , a figure rise up behind they . they spin around and look up : it 's peter rasputin , aka : colossus , six and a half foot of hard muscle tower over both of they . he pull he arm back to punch ... and he arm be quickly cover in organic - looking armor . ext . xavier 's mansion - upstair window 52 smash ! the outside wall explode -- the two soldier be throw through the hole and hit the ground hard . from the hole in the wall , colossus look down at they . the soldier be moan , cover in rubble . ext . above xavier 's mansion - moment later 53 wide on the mansion -- as six helicopter approach . a few land , while other begin hover over the mansion . six more soldier rappel from a chopper towards a large upstair window . . int . xavier 's mansion - bedroom : - 4 54 smash ! the six soldier burst through the window , gun raise . they land and immediately pursue three boy who . be run for the’ door . one of the boy stop and turn to face they . a soldier fire , and a bolt of electricity shoot from he rifle into the boy 's chest . electricity spark through he body . the boy hold up he hand , smile , and shoot the electricity back at the soldier , who scream as it course through he body . he collapse . another soldier quickly draw a pistol and fire . a dart lodge into the boy 's neck and he fall to the ground . o : 55 56 o ' | | 57 0/02 Di she h be 32 . int . xavier 's mansion - danger room - same time 55 Logan be cover in sweat . a small gash in he arm begin to heal . he leap from one raise column to another -- dodging and slice at projectile fire from the wall . Logan jump to the ground and the floor under he feet lift high into the air , positioning he directly in front of a oncoming projectile -- it hit he -- he 's throw from the column , and land on he back hard , the wind knock out . he sit up , daze . the control room stop spin . the column lower back into the floor . the room fall silent . beat . the entire room shake with the SOUND of a explosion . Logan crane he neck upwards , listen ... realize ... this be not the sound of the danger room . he bolt . int . xavier 's mansion -. upstair hallway - same time 56 a helicopter rumble outside , shine a spotlight into the window . smash ! small cannister break through the window and hit the floor , fill the hall with tear gas . scream child run from they room . bobby and pyro round a corner , run against the crowd . several child be on the ground , overcome by the fume . Bobby grab a panicked , cough colossus , who 's carry a unconscious girl in he arm . bobby . - 4 Peter , where 's rogue ?! < 2 , colossus . ' x I do not know : but we have to get the kid out of here ! Bobby and pyro leave colossus behind , and continue run against the swarm of terrify student . colossus ( cont ’d ) drake ! Bobby ignore he , he mind focus on find rogue . int . xavier' mansion - foyer - same time 57 a soldier have a young girl in a bathrobe pin to the ground . he reach for a pistol and point it at she . ( continued ) 58 59 60 61 she try crawl away and he grab she ankle . suddenly , the girl stop move . she go limp . her leg collapse in on itself . so do the rest of she body . the soldier turn around to see the girl , run out the door . he look down and realize ... he 's hold nothing but her shedd skin . int . xavier 's mansion - downstair hallway - same time 58 Kitty pryde usher child into a secret passage . kitty hurry ! she look over she shoulder to see ... three soldier come ~ up on they fast , gun raise . Kitty quickly shut the secret passage and run , lead the soldier away . she phase through a wall just as they fire , dart harmlessly lodging into the panele . int . xavier 's mansion - rec room ( the other side of the wall ) 59 Kitty emerge from the other side of the wall and run into a rec room . she keep run and phase through the billiard table ... then through the fireplace ... int . xavier 's mansion - dine room - continuous 60 ... into the dine room and phase right through a soldier . he jolt ~- disorient -- as she pass through he . she /s , head towards the far wall . the soldier spin and aim . Kitty be almost out of the house , just a few more foot ... the soldier fire he rifle / taser -- a bolt of electricity stream and slam into Kitty 's back . she scream and slam into the wall , fall to the ground , convulse . int . xavier 's mansion - elevator entrance - moment later 61 the elevator open and Logan walk out , claw already — extended . the hall be fill with smoke , fire , and tear gas . scream echo upstairs ... it 's a baby - sitter 's worst nightmare . enrage , Logan run towards the cry . CO 63 4/30/02 doughert : harri int . xavier 's mansion - upstair hallway - same time rogue run down a gas-fill hall and spot a younger girl crouch in a doorway , cry -- on the verge of pass out from the fume . rogue run to she . rogue come on , honey . she grab the girl 's hand and they run to the end of the corridor . rogue press she hand against a section of the wall and a door slide OPEN , revealing a light staircase lead downward . rogue ( cont 'd ) just like Storm teach we , ok ? the girl nod . rogue push the panel again and the door slide shut . rogue turn around to see Bobby and pyro at the far end , run towards she as fast as they can . rogue ( cont ’d ) Bobby ! she run to meet he in the middle when a soldier emerge from a room ... only a few foot behind she . bobby rogue , run ! rogue run faster towards Bobby , the soldier in hot pursuit -- Bobby and pyro watch , too scared to move . : rf the soldier stop and aim -- the red laser on rogue 's back . snikt -- crunch ! the soldier gasp . he look down to see logan ’s' claw pop from - the center of he . chest . logan , stand behind he , he eye fill with the fury of a wolverine . Logan pull he claw out -- and the soldier slump to the floor . Dead . rogue watch , terrify . Logan wipe blood from he face . logan let 's go . int . xavier 's mansion - escape tunnel - same time 63 a group of twelve kide run through a tunnel , look back to see if they be be follow . finally , they reach the end of the tunnel and enter ... 66 ext . forest - continuous the kid flee into the forest . int . xavier' mansion - downstair hallway - continuous 65 rogue , Bobby , pyro , and Logan head down the stair and around a corner . pyro open up the secret passage and they head inside . Logan suddenly stop , listen to troops approach . logan keep go . rogue Logan ... he stare at she , the animalistic gleam still in he eye . no argue . the passage door shut . int . xavier nos mansion - downstair hallway - continuous 66 Logan turn around and snikt ! extend he claw . suddenly , through the smoke -- a dozen red lasers be focused on logan 's head and body . a dozen soldier surround Logan in a semi-circle . Logan be about to cut into they when ... voice ( 0.s. ) wolverine . a man step into the hall , emerge through the smoke . the soldier part to let he pass . he be : william stryker . walk in with a cocky grin and a self - " | assure strut . Logan instinctively freeze . ~ stryker how long have it be ? stryker stop and stand a few foot from Logan . stryker ( cont ’d ) Fifteen year ? and you have not change a bit . I , on the other hand ... ( show he face , cold : ) nature . he look at stryker , search he age face . it triggers a vague memory . involuntarily , Logan 's claw slowly retract ... logan what do you want ? ( continued ) 66 oo _/ 67 o 68 4 doughert : Harris 36 . continued : 66 but stryker just smile . int . xavier 's mansion - secret passage - same time 67 rogue watch Logan 's face - off with stryker from the partially open doorway . rogue they be go to kill he . ( to Bobby ) do something . pyro be back away . pyro , he can handle himself , let 's go . rogue ( to Bobby ) do something ! ! Bobby glance at both of they , tear . she quickly rip off her glove ... and grab he bare arm . her breath suddenly turn cold -- the crack of ice in she knuckle as she absorb Bobby 's power . Bobby freeze in pain , he vein bulg . pyro watch , impressed . int . xavier 's mansion - same time 68 stryker move closer to Logan . stryker : - @ I must admit , this be the last place I think I have ever see you , wolverine . I do not realize xavier be take in animal . fs Logan look at he hard . logan who be you ? stryker do not you remember ? angle on : Logan , eye wide -- search for recognition ... suddenly , the space between Logan and stryker start to fade , as if a thin wall of white fog form in the room . 69 70 71 72 73 4 dougherty & harri 37 . int . xavier 's mansion - secret passage ~ same time 69 rogue be grimace in she pain . her arm up be now cover in a crystal frost . finally , she squeezy her hand into a fist . int . xavier 's mansion - hallway - same time 70 the wall of thick , white fog congeal . stryker step forward , reach up , and put a finger to the wall of ice that now separate he from logan . he turn , snap he finger , and step back . a hail of gunfire lets loose -- a huge hole be blow in the ice wall . the mist clear . wolverine be gone . stryker grin , amused . int . xavier 's mansion ~- escape tunnel - moment later 71 Logan , pyro , Bobby , and rogue run down a dimly light tunnel . rogue who be that ? boom ! a explosion above . they stop and listen , terrify . logan I be go back . rogue grab he shirt . rogue no Logan . I ... we need you . : - of this stop he dead in he track -- what do she mean ? with a look of resignation , he continue run . | int . xavier 's mansion - garage - minute later : : : 72 Logan , rogue , Bobby and pyro come up from the tunnel into a large garage . the room light turn on : they gawk at a dozen exotic , and expensive car . they pile into a SMALL sport car close to the garage door . int . sport car - continuous 73 bobby this be cyclops 's car . logan oh , yeah ? ( continued ) 73 74 75 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 38 . continued : 73 snikt ! one claw shoot out , pierce the ignition . with a quick twist , the car start and he hit the gas . ext . xavier 's mansion - garage - continuous 74 the garage door open , and the car speed away . int . sport car - night 75 rogue be in the passenger seat , stare out the window . whatever she 's feel , she 's hide it well . J pyro reach up start fiddling with the radio . rogue ( annoyed ) what be you do ? pyro I do not like uncomfortable silence . pyro hit a button and loud c.b. radio static blast through the speaker . they cringe . it only get louder when rogue try to shut it off . the radio faceplate finally snap off in pyro 's hand and the screeching noise stop . Logan , grip the wheel , clearly annoyed . pyro look at the faceplate closely . it look like a sleek communication device ... a hi-tech cell phone . pyro ( cont 'd ) I do not think this be the radio . rogue grab it from he . Logan watch . . logan can. you work that thing ? rogue I can try . pyro | so where be we go ? logan Storm and Jean be in Boston . we will head that way . bobby my folk live in Boston . ( continued ) 30/02 dougher harri 39 . 75 continued : 75 Logan nod . rogue stare at the. blood on Logan 's hand . they make eye contact . logan do not worry . it 's not mine . 76 ext . roadway - night 76 the car drive off into the distance . 77 int . xavier 's mansion - underground hallway - night 77 the elevator door open , revealing stryker and two soldier . as he exit , another soldier approach they . soldier Sir , we manage to capture eight -- but the other escape through some tunnel that be not in the schematics . stryker do not seem bother . stryker eight be enough . C ) stryker stop in front of the door to cerebro . two soldier attach a large device that resemble the jaw of life . suddenly its massive arm clamp onto the door and begin to stretch . it strain at first , but the door be quickly rip open . stryker smile , pleased . 78 int . xavier' mansion - cerebro - moment later - 7 78 room . he glide a finger across the control console , as if check for’dust .. hé smile , . definitely impressed , then turn to leave . | stryker walk down the long platform to the center of the stryker | gentlemen , take what . we need . 79 int . rural bar - night , 79 mitchell laurio sit at the bar , four empty mug in front of he . he 's still in uniform , tie undone and shirt hang open . he watch the television , where a debate wage : dr . shaw ( on television ) .. the registration Act provide a sense of security similar to megan 's Law . ( more ) ( continued ) | 79 ' / 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : dr . shaw ( on television ) a list of potentially dangerous individual live in we community . host ( on television ) Dr. mccoy , a response ? dr . hank mccoy ( on television ) that be a database of know felon , Mr. Shaw , not innocent people who might commit a crime . what people seem to forget be that if it be not for evolution , we have all be sit in tree pick bug from each other 's hair ... laurio ( sneering ) turn that shit off , Lou . 40 . 79 lou , the bartender , wipe a glass and turn off the tv grace ( 0.s. ) get a lot on you mind ... grace ( cont 'd ) ( look at he name tag ) . Mr. laurio ? grace ( cont 'd ) I be Grace . int . laurio 's apartment - night laurio I ... I never hook up with anyone like you before . grace I know . grace ( cont 'd ) get any beer ? .down he chin ... laurio turn , find the most beautiful woman ever to come within ten foot of he , sit on a nearby stool . laurio smile blearily , and try to stutter a response . 8o the door swing open and laurio and Grace stumble in , kissing passionately . she throw he onto the couch . rub a finger on he face ... ( continued ) 80 C ) 6 81 o ) . a 82 83 4 2 t : Harris 4l. continued : 80 laurio ..-. and over he vast stomach . grace of course you do . int . laurio 's apartment - kitchen - night 81 Grace pull two bottle from the fridge . laurio ( 0.s. ) sorry about the mess . and , umm , I do not have a bed . grace it 's okay . she drop two SMALL pill into one of the bottle . grace ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) we will not need one . int . laurio 's apartment - continuous 82 Grace step over some pizza box and hand the beer to laurio . he lick he lip and smile grotesquely . laurio bottom up . he swill away . she watch , smile . grace I certainly hope so . int . laurio 's apartment - later 83 . laurio lay facedown on the couch , snoring -- he large . boxer - clad ass in the air . Grace sit on the arm of the couch ... ... remove a small case from she purse . she unzip it , revealing : a syringe filled with metallic liquid . she take it out , inspect it , and squirt a little . in a flash , Grace shift and become mystique . she smile . mystique bottom up . , 84 85 0 oul & harri 42 . int . stryker 's base - MAIN corridor 84 stryker walk down a hall . behind he , a SMALL dark creature follow he in the shadow . they walk past a open door . Inside , anne reynold be tend to a unconscious cyclops , fasten a metal band over he eye . stryker nod to she and keep walk . stryker and the creature turn a corner , and open a large fortify door . inside : int . stryker base - xavier 's cell - continuous 85 xavier be bound to a common wheelchair . a high - tech band be wrap around he head . the room be dark and cramped , only a single door in front of he . xavier close he eye and try to focus -- use he power to reach out , when -- the headband buzy and xavier jolt as sharp pain fill he skull . chuckling off-screen . xavier open he eye to see : stryker I just have to see that work for myself . we call it the neural inhibitor . the more you think , the more it hurt . William stryker smile and stroll into the cell , followed by toad . xavier 's shocked . stryker touch he head . stryker ( cont 'd ) : - oy and it keep you out of here . xavier William . stryker please xavier , do not get up . toad slowly creep around the room . stryker ( cont 'd ) I be sorry we could not find you more comfortable quarter . my home be go through some renovation . ( beat ) so be yours . xavier what have you do with Scott ? ( continued ) o arris 43 . 85 stryker oh , he 's here . with some of you student . xavier there 's no need to involve they . stryker I have see you '' school '' , Professor , with it 's combat training room and hi-tech defense system . what on Earth be you teach that creature ? it take every bit of xavier 's strength just to forma coherent think . xavier to survive . to peacefully co-exist ina world that fear they . stryker it do not look very peaceful to I , xavier -- some species can never co - exist . I learn that from you . xavier you want I to cure you son , William . but mutation be not a disease . stryker you be lie , xavier . you be more afraid of he than I be . of toad start move towards xavier -- peer at he -- a hint of recognition . get closer and closer to xavier 's face . ° stryker . ( cont ! D ) you know , just one year after Jason return from you school , my wife ... torment by constant contact with he -- she take a power drill to she leave temple in a attempt to '' bore out '' the image he be project into she mind . ( beat ) my boy ... the great illusionist . toad be inch from xavier 's face . stryker kneel , remove a vial of yellow liquid from he pocket -- pull out a pipette , which carefully measure and dispense a drop onto the circular scar on toad 's neck . ( continued ) 4/30/02 D rty & ris 85 continued : ( 2 ) stryker ( cont ’d ) step back . toad do as he 's tell . horror cross xavier 's face . xavier you arrange the attack on the President . stryker and you do not even have to read my mind . ( he stand ) you know , I have be work with mutant as long as you have , xavier . and in all my year of ... research , the most frustrating thing I learn be that nobody seem to know how many even exist ... or how to find they ... ( beat ) except you . he hold up the vial . stryker ( cont ’d ) unfortunately this little potion will not work on you , will it ? rc ) stryker back up , and put the vial back in he pocket . stryker ( cont 'd ) no , you be too powerful for that . instead , we will go right to the source . he open the door behind he , revealing : : - 4 a grotesque shell of a man , shrivel and emaciate , sit poetics in a wheelchair . syringe . and tube run from he head into ! clear container on the back 's of he chair -+ continuously collect the yellow fluid from he spinal column . a guard name lyman wheel the man into the room . we realize -- stryker 's '' potion '' be not a drug , but a chemical extract from the unfortunate person in front of we . stryker ( cont ’d ) allow I to introduce you to mutant 143 . xavier look at mutant 143 's face . one bright blue eye and one bright GREEN eye ... and a giant scar run across he forehead . ( continued ) | 85 86 cy ( ) 87 02 doughe & Harris 45 . continued : ( 3 ) 85 xavier my God , William . this be you son ... what have you do to he ? stryker look at mutant 143 , shaking he head . stryker my son be dead . stryker and lyman turn to exit . stryker ( cont ’d ) just like the rest of you . he slam the door shut -- leave mutant 143 to stare at , and into , Charles xavier . ext . drake house - day 86 the sport car be park in the driveway of a average suburban home . at the door , the group stand on the porch , still in they nightclothes . Bobby turn a key , then look at pyro . bobby do not burn anything . pyro shake he head in disbelief . int . drake house - bobby 's room - later : 87 rogue slip out of she nightgown . even though she 's - . alone , , she still seem uncomfortable with be so expose . the door open and Bobby walk in with a shirt . he avert he eye -- even Bobby have not see this much of she . bobby I ... I get you one of my mom 's shirt . ( some new glove too . rogue you do not have to be so shy . Bobby grin and toss she the clothes . 88 89 90 int . drake house - ronny 's room - same time 88 Logan and pyro finish put on t-shirt . pyro notice some family photograph in silver frame : Bobby with he all - american family -- Mom , dad and little brother ronny . he move he finger over the photo , eye full of envy . int . drake house - live room - later 89 pyro be sprawle on the couch , asleep . rogue flip channel , lean against Bobby . they land on MTV . int . drake house - kitchen - same time 90 exiting a bathroom , Logan enter the kitchen and head straight for the fridge . he grab a beer . as he shut the door , a house cat leap onto the counter . startle , Logan jump , and ... snikt ! the claw shoot out . but the cat do not run away ... it approach Logan , try to lick he metal claw . he smile . the back door open revealing steven and madeline drake , with teenage son ronny . they be carry shopping bag . Logan quickly retract he claw . they see he and freeze in fear . william who the hell be you ?! Logan freeze , still hold the beer . hear he parent , Bobby and rogue come run into the room . ys ronny Bobby ! madeline be not you suppose to be at school ? who be this people ? bobby Mom , dad ... this be ... Professor Logan . they look up at Logan , shocked . he smile , awkwardly . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( nervously ) uhh ... can I talk to you about something ? — ~ a 4/30/02 do rty & rris 47 . int . plastic prison - security checkpoint - day 91 two guard stand in the room by the door to the catwalk . laurio enter carry a tray of food . guard 1 what 's that on you face , Mitch ? laurio sa-tisfaction . the Guard grimace at the think of it , and open the door . guard 1 you be clear . int . plastic prison - same time 92 magneto angrily pace back and forth -- think about Charles . he stop and look at laurio ... curiously . laurio ( 0.s. ) have a nice sleep , lensherr ? laurio enter and put the food on a table . his smile become a scowl when he see magneto stare at he . magneto there 's something different about you , Mr. laurio . laurio yeah , I be actually have a good day . .- - 4 magneto pace around laurio like a hungry animal . | | magneto , : : : no , no ... it 's not that . | | laurio sit down . you know the drill . magneto stop in front of laurio , stare at he . . magneto no. laurio withdraw he billy club . laurio sit you ass down or I nil -- ( continued ) 93 94 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : . magneto hold up a hand . laurio freeze and drop the club . magneto what could it be ? laurio be slowly lift off he foot , hover a few inch above the ground . terrify . laurio what 's happen -- magneto ahh . there it be . magneto slashes he hand in a sharp gesture and a fine mist of blood burst from laurion entire body . magneto ( cont 'd ) too much iron in you blood . the red cloud fall away , leave the ultra - fine particle of metal hover in the air . magneto squeezy he hand into a fist , and the metal compress into 3 marble - size ball . drop of blood ooze from each . they begin to move , orbiting over magneto 's palm . magneto ( cont 'd ) Mr. laurio , never trust a beautiful woman . especially one that be interested in you . laurio slump to the ground . the ball smash through the. , plastic wall . alarm ring . ° faster than the eye can see , the ball whiz through the cell , shatter the wall and . security camera . the cage hold the world 's most dangerous mutant swiftly fall apart . int . plastic prison - security checkpoint - same time 93 the alarm blare . light flash . Guards panic . guard 1 hit a button and the catwalk begin to retract from magneto 's cell . as it retract , the clear plastic door slide down over the entrance . int . plastic prison - same time 94 magneto watch the catwalk pull away , revealing the chasm below . he smile . ( continued ) | 94 95 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 49 , continued : 94 one of the ball glide to he foot and flatten to become 4 large , thin , silver disk . he step on top of it , hover over the chasm . as the other two ball orbit around he , magneto float across the abyss , towards the plastic door on the other side . the guard behind it run for they life . magneto 's eye narrow . the two ball orbit around he suddenly shoot forward and shatter the door . int . drake house - live room - day 95 the drake family sit across from logan and the x-kid . ronny stare at the floor , unable to look at he brother . it 's silent . a clock tick . finally ... madeline ( nervously , to Bobby ) so ... when do you first know ... that you be a ... um ... madeline can not bring herself to use the word ... pyro a mutant ? ... and she do not like hearing it either . steven you have to understand , we think Bobby be go to a school for the gift . rogue Bobby be gift . . ~~: steven we know that . we just do not realize that he be ... madeline be on the verge of tear . madeline we still love you , Bobby . it 's just that ... the mutant problem be very complicated , logan ( offended ) what mutant problem ? ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 95 continued : steven ( flip ) and what be you a professor of , Mr. Logan ? logan art. ( beat ) and it 's just Logan . the air thick with tension , rogue try to lighten the mood . rogue you should see what Bobby can do . the drake look at Bobby . he reach across the table , and they flinch , pull back . Bobby smile . he take Logan 's beer bottle . he lift it up , hold it over the family cat . start to pour the beer out . madeline o bobby ! ... and just before it hit the cat , the stream of Beer freeze solid . the cat lift up and gently lick it . Steven be amused , almost proud ... madeline be not amused . neither be ronny . bobby | I can do a lot more than that . : eo . | ronny get up ang storm upstairs . I mot madeline ronny ! on the balcony above the live room , we see he storm towards he room . the door slam shut , read : '' ronny 's room . stay the f**k out . '' : downstair , madeline be flustered . 96 int . drake house - ronny 's room - moment later 96 ronny stare at Logan 's bloody t-shirt on the floor . the tv blare in the background . on television : a reporter stand at a police barricade . ( continued ) 97 '' '' 4 /3 2 dougherty & hi i continued : '' reporter ... in the wake of the assassination attempt on President mckenna , just week before he State of the Union address , there be unconfirm report of a raid on a underground mutant organization base in Westchester , New York . ronny suddenly turn he attention to the television . reporter ( cont ’d ) authority refuse to comment , but the surround area have be evacuate , and a manhunt for several fugitive from the facility be underway ... ronny quietly think , look at Logan 's bloody shirt ... and pick up the phone . _ int . drake house - live room - same time sl . Logan walk . back from the kitchen with a fresh Beer . he sit down next to rogue . madeline oh God , this be all my fault . pyro actually , they have discover that male be the one who carry mutant gene and pass they onto -- rogue jab pyro with she elbow . madeline ( to the other ) and you ... you be all '' gift '' ? they nod . madeline try to put on a happy face . madeline ( cont ’d ) ( to Bobby ) have you try ... not to be a mutant ? Bobby sigh , just as the communication device beeps . the other stare as rogue pull it from she pocket . Logan grab it and get up . logan that 's probably for I . Logan exit through sliding glass door . 96 97 0 /0 : ert xi 52 . 98 ext . drake house - backyard - moment later 98 Logan turn the com device on . logan Professor ? jean grey ( on com device ) Logan , thank God ... Logan 's face light up . 99 int . x- jet - same time 99 Storm and Jean be in the cockpit . nightcrawler be behind they , gawk out the window . jean grey ... we could not reach anyone at the mansion . logan ( on speaker ) no one 's leave , Jean . Soldiers come ... they take some of the kid . i’11 explain '' when you pick we up . jean grey ( look at Storm ) we also have not be able to reach the Professor or Scott . 100 ext . drake house ~ backyard - day 100 Logan angrily pace back and forth . | | : STORM ( on com device ) i where be you ? | logan Boston , with Bobby drake 's family . STORM ( on com device ) alright , we be on we way . . logan and Storm ? Logan look towards the family room . logan ( cont 'd ) make it fast . ( continued ) 3 2 continued : he shut the device off , and step towards the slide glass door . Logan slide they open ... and stop . sniff . he slide the door close again , and see it : the reflection of people creeping up behind he . Logan bolt inside . 101 int . drake house - live room 101 Logan burst inside . the family look up at he , startle . logan we have to go , now . rogue why ? logan ' now . the kid look at he , apprehensive . he 's serious . 102 ext . drake house - front porch - moment later 102 C ) Logan , pyro , Bobby , and rogue exit in a hurry . oe rogue Logan , what 's go on ? just as they step out onto the front porch ... click ! two cop step from each side of the porch , and cock there . gun -- both point towards Logan and the kid . snikt ! Logan 's claw come out . they freeze , see a donen.cop . cover the cul - de-sac in front of the house . bobby I . »@ander he breath ) ronny . : 103 int . drake house - ronny 's room - same time 103 ° ronny stare out the window at the situation . 104 ext . drake house - front porch - same time 104 cop 1 get down on the ground . we don ’t want any trouble . the cop silently advance towards they . ( continued ) 104 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 54 . continued : 104 logan what 's go on here ? Bobby and rogue be scared to death -- pyro pensively flick he lighter open and close ... open and close . swat cop 1 put down the knife . slowly . logan this be just a misunderstanding . in the window Bobby 's mother and father - stand , freeze -- stare out the window . Bobby look at they , but there 's nothing they can do . swat cop 1 drop the knive , and put you palm on the ground . now . logan ( get enraged ) you don ’t understand . he quickly turn -- bang ! logan be shot in the head , and he go down . rogue scream . the kid stare , devastate . pyro look back at the officer , who 's gun be still smoking . the other cop step forward . . _ 4 throughout the neighborhood people gather onto the scene . on . the porch the kid see three cop advance from the side , gun raise . rogue and bobby slowly start to kneel , hand behind they head ... but not pyro . he remain stand . he flick he lighter -- faster and faster . swat cop 2 we do not wanna hurt you , kid . pyro ( defiant ; to the cop ) you know all that dangerous mutant you hear about on the news ? ( continued ) cy ) '' od 104 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 104 rogue and Bobby look at pyro . on the ground , Logan 's face start to heal . pyro ( cont ’d ) I be the worst one . pyro lower he head , and : flick the lighter -- a flame hover above he palm , then quickly shoot into stream of FIRE -- one to the right , one to the left -- one racing behind he , through the house ... .». out the back door ... blast over cop in the backyard . outside the column of FIRE we pan across the cop 's face -- shocked , outgun . they dive for cover , run from the expand flame . close on : pyro , as he narrow he eye . streak of flame sneak underneath four cop car -- towards the gas pipe ... from high above column of FIRE rush outward in every direction , cover the car , burn the ground , ignite tree . the cop duck , hair singe . booom ! the car explode -- two overturn -- two be thrown skyward . push in on pyro : sweating hard -- live the moment -~ he will never be the same again . angle on : logan , on the ground . the bullet dislodges . itself , from the wound and fall to the ground . Logan open he eye as he flesh begin to heal . ' suddenly , a cop see a white pellet hit the ground . it 's quickly follow by another ... and another ... it as. a hailstorm , follow by wind and rain . pyro' flame be quickly extinguish . Logan stand up . angle on : rogue , pyro , Logan and Bobby , watch the X - jet descend from dark cloud . it hover above the yard . . the ramp lower , revealing STORM . eye white . STORM get in . while the cop be pin down by the weather , Logan and the kid escape through . the hail . the ramp raise . 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris int . x- jet - continuous 105 Logan and the kid quickly strap themselves into seat . Storm head to the cockpit . o 106 '' 107 in the cockpit Jean turn and see Logan . she smile . he wink . nightcrawler pop up from behind a chair . the kide scream . nightcrawler gute Morgan . logan gute abend . who the hell be you ? nightcrawler ( flamboyantly ) kurt wagner , but in the munich circus I be know as '' the incredible -- logan save it . Storm ? STORM '' we be out of here . : STORM pulis on the stick and they lift off . ext . suburban STREET - courtyard - same time 106 cop and resident watch in awe as the jet roar away . lead cop ( into radio ) , 7 patch I through to the State Department . '' int . stryker /s base - later that day 107 xavier and mutant 143 stare deeply into each other 's eye . xavier 's neural inhibitor buzy wildly -- something . - happen in he mind . he grit he tooth , bear the pain . then , 143 move . his hand slowly reach for xavier 's throat , as if to choke he . the Professor do not move , he continue to stare deep into 143 's blue and GREEN eye . the inhibitor continue to buzz . xavier grip he chair , strain ... xavier mutant 143 ( mumble ) ( mumble ) a little closer ... a little closer ... ( continued ) oo e 107 108 J 4/30 ugher harri 57 . continued : 107 mutant 143 tenderly lift the inhibitor from xavier 's head . both xavier and 143 exhale with relief , the pain now go . xavier mutant 143 ( mumble ) ( mumble ) thank you , Jason . thank you , Jason . xavier reach up and caress 143 's cheek , release he . 143 relax , he face once again a blank slate . int . stryker 's base ~- outside xavier 's cell - evening 108 two soldier , lyman and moss stand outside xavier 's cell . xavier ( v.o. ) ( whisper ) Mr. lyman ... lyman cock he head , listen . his eye fall into a trance : moss Dave ? you alright ? xavier ( v.0o . ) would you please open the door , Mr. lyman ? moss suddenly fall into the same trance . he stand , freeze . lyman turn and slide a security card through a slot . the door slide open , revealing xavier on the other side . xavier ( cont 'd ) tell I , what be the quick way out of . here ? lyman the helicopter . xavier and can either of you fly a helicopter ? moss lyman no. no . xavier smile at lyman . xavier ( cont 'd ) you ' 1ll learn . as if sleepwalk , lyman step behind xavier 's wheelchair and begin to push he into the hall . moss stare at the wall , freeze . oc 4/3 2d she : be 58 . ext . airspace - night 109 the X - jet speed through the sky . int . x- jet - night / 110 Storm and Jean be at the control . the other sit in the rear , exhaust . Bobby glare at pyro , who be flick he lighter on and off ... think . nightcrawler be nervously thumbing he rosary . pyro look up and smile at Bobby . bobby - you think it 's funny ? let 's go set fire to you house next time . pyro too late . rogue you almost kill that cop , John . pyro so? Logan would have ... ( turn to Logan ) ... if he have not get shot in the head . ) Logan stare at the cockpit . Jean turn around and look at he . he get up and head towards the front . logan how far be we ? jean grey : '' 3 we be come up on the mansion now . a monitor suddenly display two fast moving red blip . vas STORM we have get two signal , come in fast . ext . airspace ~- night . 111 two f16 fighter roar through the cloud , come up behind the X - jet . they each fire a missile . int . x- jet - same time 112 the kid be wide - eye and alarmed . bobby who the hell be this guy ?? ( continued ) 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 59 . continued : : il2 STORM everybody hang on . ext . airspace - same time 113 the X - jet bank hard -- and barrel roll -- just barely dodging the explode missile . the fighter jet be still on they tail . int . x- jet - same time 114 the kid be try not to panic . nightcrawler climb into a tight space behind he chair and make the '' sign of the cross '' . pyro start to sweat hard . logan do not we have any weapon in this heap ? Jean glance over to Storm . Storm nod . her eye burn white . ext . airspace - same time ~ 115 rumbling dark cloud begin to form in front of the X - jet . lightn flash . they head straight into the eye of the grow storm , the fly right behind . ext . STORM cloud - same time 116 whispy cloud begin to swirl , faster and faster , twist into long , thin funnel . one form , and another , until the sky be fill with a dozen roaring tornados . they writhe like giant serpent , allow the X - jet to pass between they . . the fly be not as lucky -- they dart and weave , try to avoid Storm 's wrath . : int . f16 - same time 117 the fighter pilot have a lock on the X - jet . he 's about to pull the trigger when -- ext . STORM cloud - same time . 118 boom ! two tornados slam into the f16 from above and below . it 's yank up and hurl across the sky , tumble like a toy . the pilot eject . the remaining fighter skillfully swerve around the funnel cloud , still in pursuit . of N { UN 120 121 122 123 int . x- jet - same time , : 119 Jean and Logan look at the beep radar screen , then nervously to Storm . push in on : Storm -- get angrier . ext . STORM cloud - same time 120 the remain f16 bank and roll , avoid the tornado , quickly gain on the X - jet . suddenly , the cloud around the f16 begin to swirl ... until it 's completely encase in a long dark tunnel -- a tornado stretching across the sky . the f16 begin to roll wildly inside the tornado , lose control -- but manage to fire two more missile -- just before the tornado bend and hurl the f16 to the ground . the pilot eject , but the missile continue on they warpath , easily pass through the storm . int . x- jet - same time 121 Jean stare at the radar screen : two blip rush toward they . STORM can you stop they ? jean grey I will try . Jean concentrate hard . Storm yank the stick back . ext . airspace - same time , 122 the X - jet 's wing fold up as it fly faster out of the storm , the tornado dissipate . both missile roar toward the jet ... but suddenly one . missile begin to wobble ... int . x- jet - same time 123 Storm stare at the radar -- the blip be get closer . STORM ( 0.s. ) Jean ? Jean hold she head tightly , concentrate ... this be not easy . 125 126 127 128 129 ext . airspace - same time 124 close on the missile : it wobble , a few light on its surface blink off -- it suddenly veer straight up and explode . int . x- jet - same time 125 '' angle on : jean grey , use all of she power try to stop the remain missile . concentrate so hard that everything else drop out . she close she eye . the x-man wait ... on the radar screen the second missile be get closer ... Jean open she eye -- terrify . jean ( quietly ) oh god. ext . airspace - same time 126 booooom ! the missile explode -- the X - jet disappear ina cloud of fire and smoke . int . x- jet - same time 127 a large hole be blow in the roof of the jet . it decompress -- everyone 's scream be drown by shrieking wind . rogue be be pull upward towards the hole -- she glove hand slowly slip out of Bobby 's ... she 's sucked out ... ext . airspace - same time : ~ ,128 ... and as she fall , scream , the jet speed away high above she . nightcrawler suddenly appear and grab her . bamf ! int . x- jet - moment later 129 bamf ! rogue and nightcrawler reappear in a haze of smoke , fall to the ground . the X - Men stare at they in awe .. in the cockpit : Storm and Jean work the control , try to stabilize the jet . through the windshield , the Earth rise to meet they with dizzying speed . Storm strain , try to pull out of the nosedive . the altimeter show they descent -- 3000 foot , 2500 , 2000 ... jean' hand reach over and grab Logan 's . she turn to he , eye tear up . Logan stare back , surprised . the plane be get lower , lower . STORM close she eye . this be it . ( continued ) a o™ 129 130 131 with 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 6 continued : nightcrawler ( 0.s. ) uh , miss Storm ? Storm turn ... nightcrawler be point at the hole in the roof , which be bend and twist , slowly repairing itself . the scream wind die down to a whistle , as the hole close completely . then , the fall jet begin to slow . they speed drop from 80 knot to 70 ... 60 ... Jean stare at the control , shaking she head . she 's just as stunne . 15 knot ... 10 ... 5 ... the ground be get closer . and with a slight jolt ... they stop . the mutant stare at each other , confuse and shocked . they look out the windshield . below they , a quiet road . a black town car park nearby . ext . roadway - night 130 the X - jet hover in the AIR , nose down , only fifteen foot off the ground . magneto stand in front of the jet , hold it in place with a outstretch hand . mystique be next to he . magneto ah , it 's the X - Men . right on time . ext . forest camp - later 131 the X - jet sit in a clear border on three side by a high stone cliff . below it , the small field be scattered with camp equipment -- each tent and sleep bag mark with the familiar x. i 2 above they deep , thick fog act as a cover , obscure any vision of they activity . Storm be work on the jet 's underbelly -- Jean walk down the ramp , see Logan . he acknowledge she curiously . she seem noticeably distraught . logan how bad be it ? jean grey we be run fluid through the hydraulics . ( more ) ( continued ) ' 131 dou t Harris 63 . continued : 131 jean grey ( cont 'd ) if the test pass , it 'il take four or five hour to get off the ground . logan that 's not exactly what I mean . jean grey I be sorry , Logan -- I be just a little worried ... about Scott . a long pause . logan I know . she put she arm around Logan , rest she head on he shoulder . very slowly , they face draw closer together -- approach intimacy . but , before they be lip meet ... jean grey we be meeting in ten minute . she walk away . Logan sigh . ext . forest clearing - same time 132 mystique sit by the fire . nightcrawler crouch nearby , eyeing she . she sense he stare , but pay no attention . nightcrawler they say you can imitate anybody ? even they voice ? mystique turn she head and speak in he voice : . - 4 mystique even they voice . nightcrawler smile . nightcrawler so why not stay disguise all the time ? you know ... look like everyone else . mystique because we should not have to . nightcrawler grin wide . he like that answer . o 134 ext . forest camp - kide area - same time 133 rogue , Bobby and pyro sit around a bundle of branch . use pyro 's lighter , Bobby be try to start a fire ... but he can not seem to make the small flame catch . rogue ( to pyro ) you could help , you know . pyro sit in the corner , he face turn down and cold . Bobby lean closer to the pile of stick and blows ... closer ... closer ... try to nurse the burn ember . suddenly , the small fire erupt into a tower of flame . Bobby dive back and shoot pyro a dirty look . pyro just smile . ext . forest camp ~- campfire - minute later 134 Logan , Jean , and Storm be on one side of the campfire , magneto and mystique on the other . they stare at each other . the silence redefine uncomfortable . magneto his name be William stryker . STORM what do he want ? logan that 's exactly the same question we should be ask magneto . - os magneto sigh . this be go to be a long night . logan ( cont ’d ) so , what be it ? what do you want ? magneto when stryker invade you mansion he steal a essential piece of its hardware . STORM cerebro ? magneto Charles and I build cerebro as a tool -- a tool I believe would unite we all . but C the good Professor , as with all thing -- never truly explore its full potential . ( continued ) Jean and Storm listen carefully , but Logan fume . magneto ( cont ’‘d ) in the wrong hand , I fear it could be use as a powerful weapon ... ( beat ) against mutant ... jean grey but stryker would need the Professor to operate it . magneto .. which be the only reason why I think he 's still alive . Logan glare at magneto ... still suspicious . 135 ext . forest camp - kide area - same time 135 pyro stare at the fire , lose in it . Bobby turn to rogue . bobby C ) can you hear what they be say ? " rogue they be too quiet . nightcrawler ( sheepishly ) I ... I can get a closer look . rogue : - how ? | ' . bamf ! nightcrawler disappear ina cloud of smoke . the other | stare at each other , impressed . : oe ' bobby Nice . 136 ext . forest camp - campfire - same time . 136 high above the group , nightcrawler hang upside - down by he tail . no one seem to notice . Logan 's in no mood for this debate . logan how would stryker know where cerebro be ... or how it work ? ! ( continued ) continued : magneto pause . we slowly drift around to he back . in reflex , he lift a arm and rub the back of he neck , expose the circular scar . magneto seem embarrassed , resign , boil ... magneto because I tell he . Logan turn around . magneto ( cont ’d ) stryker have undeniable method of ... persuasion -- even against a mutant as strong as Charles . STORM - please understand if we do not take it all on good faith . but ... why do you need we ? magneto stryker have a base he 's be operate out of for decade ... and I do not know where it be . ( beat ) but . I suspect one of you might . magneto turn to Logan , eyeing he suspiciously . logan who the hell be this stryker anyway ? magneto be you sure you do not remember , Logan ? ( beat ) the metal on you bone carry he signature . '' . Logan stare -- the realization flood through he body . magneto look to Jean -- she look back to magneto . logan but the Professor try ... magneto no he do not . he 's always know . realization give way to mistrust ... and betrayal . Logan turn to Jean . ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty . & Harris 67 . : 136 continued : ( 2 ) 36 be jean grey I can not . if that memory exist , they be bury very deep . '' a long moment between the three of they . logan grab a shovel . 137 ext . forest clearing - minute later 137 Jean sit across from Logan . nervous , she reach she hand towards he head . he flinch a little . jean grey relax . Jean move towards he and put she finger on he temple . his eye roll back slightly . she concentrate hard . logan I hope it 's as good as the first time . C ) push in on : jean grey -- she grimace as blurry flash from — Logan 's mind flicker in she eye : xn flash ! -- Logan at a bar , talk to a military officer -- riding in the back of a military truck -- the truck drive | past a huge freeze dam , enter a tunnel from above ground , | | white snow everywhere -- walk into a medical lab , doctor | group around a large tank -- flash ! | Jean pull away , exhaust . she nearly fall . Logan 's knee , ; buckle , and he sit down . she regains she breath . . . jean grey stryker 's at . alkali Lake . logan I be just there . I see that base . nothing 's leave . jean grey that 's because he 's under it . 138 ext . forest clearing - later that night 138 Storm be still fix the jet . Jean emerge from the underbelly and turn towards she . she sigh . jean grey I will try it again . ( continued ) ' 139 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 68 . continued : 138 she walk past rogue , who sleep next to Bobby , he arm drape across she . next to they , pyro sit , angrily watch . nightcrawler hang from a tree by he tail , sleep . int . logan 's tent - minute later 139 Logan 's eye spring open as the tent flap quietly slip apart . a female figure enter . it 's jean . she sit on he sleep bag -- he eye she curiously , about to speak -- when she press she finger to he lip : '' no '' . she crawl on top and begin to passionately kiss he . he kiss back , slide he hand under she shirt , when -- snikt ! Logan 's claw press against Jean 's jugular . close on : Logan 's hand , he finger on three claw -scar on she abdomen . he look at she . she look back and smile -- she eye turn yellow as she transform into mystique . her mouth travel languidly to he ear . . mystique no one ever leave a scar quite like you . logan what do you want , a apology ? mystique you know what I want . mystique bite he ear , hard and sexy . she sit up . mystique ( cont 'd ) but , what do you want ? ... and she suddenly transform : from mystique to STORM -- to grace -- to ( with a smile ) rogue -- finally back to jean ... Logan throw she to the ground . mystique ( cont ’d ) what do you really want ? and then , she flash ... stryker . , logan I want you to get out . she sneer , snap back to mystique , and leave . ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : push in on logan 's face , as we dissolve into the roar of ... 140 ° ext . forest camp - the next morning 140 ... the X - jet lift off into the orange morning sky . 141 ( int . x- jet - same time 141 rogue , Bobby , and nightcrawler be watch Logan and Storm suit - up into battle uniform , attach SMALL black radios to they ear . bobby where 's ours ? logan on order . should arrive in a few year . STORM ( gently ) ' rogue , come here . rogue move towards the control -- Bobby follow . Storm i point appropriately to control and display : STORM ( cont ’d ) : after we touch down and go in , you be in charge . if something happen to we ... use the ascension control to get the plane off the ground -- do not try to control the plane while it 's in the air . the auto - navigation system will fly you home . bobby then what ? logan . ( enter the cockpit ) you have all get superpower . figure it out . in the back of the jet , magneto sit across from pyro -- magneto hold he helmet in he lap . pyro stare at he . pyro they say you be the bad guy . magneto ( slightly grin ) be that what they say ? ( continued ) = 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 70 . 141 continued : . 141 pyro ( eyeing the helmet ) that 's a dorky look helmet . what 's it for ? magneto size up pyro . magneto this dorky look helmet be the only thing that 's go to protect I ... from the real bad guy . ( beat ) what 's you name ? pyro John . magneto what 's you real name , John ? pyro think for a moment . nervous , he flick he lighter open and begin to play with a SMALL flame -- like in the museum . pyro pyro. magneto that 's quite a talent you have , pyro . pyro I can only manipulate it . I can not make it . - 4 magneto you be a God among ' insect . do not let anyone bell you otherwise . push in on pyro -- the voice in front of he finally match the ever- present voice in he head . . 142 int . stryker 's base - control room - later . 142 stryker sit on the edge of a chair , bounce a baseball against the wall . catch and bounce ... Anne begin to turn on monitor , one by one . each display a shot of xavier 's child in captivity . anne reynold why keep the child here , if they be just go to die ? ( continued ) 142 143 on , ( _ ) sonne 144 145 magneto and mystique . also observe , but keep to the back . 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 71 . continued : 142 stryker why ? so we can make sure that it 's work . ext . xavier 's mansion - front lawn - later 143 a helicopter land in the front yard of the mansion . lyman emerge , and lower xavier to the ground . lyman this be you home ? xavier look around . xavier yes . it be . ( then ) Mr. lyman , would you please stay here and alert I if anyone show up ? lyman of course . as lyman climb back into the helicopter , xavier wheel himself into the demolish entrance . ext . skie above alkali lake - afternoon 144 the X - jet circle high above . angle on : a SMALL camera emerge from the belly , scan . int . x- jet - near the cockpit - same time 145 logan , jean , and STORM gather around a float 3d hologram * that show a photographic terrain map of the landscape . Logan look intensely at it . the dam , spillway tunnel , and alkali base be all visible . from the naked eye , nothing but snow cover the base and dam . Jean click a button ... jean grey this be a topographic map of the area ... ..- and the holographic map suddenly change into a crystal - red , with vary degree of pink and white mark that represent repetitive impact over time . jean grey ( cont ’d ) ... and here be the recent density change . the lighter the mark , the heavier the activity . ( continued ) 145 146 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 72 . continued : 145 we see a series of white line come out of the right spillway tunnel . the line look like hundred of tire track . Logan shake he head with a sly smile . logan that 's the entrance . Jean change the map once again -- it turn crystal blue , with vary degree of white and blue -- water activity . the entrance tunnel and spillway be all deep blue . jean grey this show the depth of the ice that cover the ground -- water activity . STORM ( point ) if we all go in here , he could flood the spillway . ' jean grey ( to nightcrawler ) can you teleport inside ? nightcrawler ( shake he head '' no '' ) I have to be able to see where I be go - - otherwise I could wind up inside a wall . Long pause . logan - 4 I have a idea . magneto eye he -- a4 plan brewing ... ext . dam - spillway corridor - later 146 Logan walk alone down the spillway corridor . he come upon the run - off tunnel , and peer into the one on the right . no sign of water . he cautiously proceed inside . he yell logan stryker ! it echoes through the massive tunnel . logan ( cont ’d ) it 's me. wolverine ! he walk further into the tunnel -- still , no sign of water . . ( continued ) 148 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : above he : a small video camera in the shadow watch Logan approach . int . stryker 's base - control room - same time 147 wilkin , a bored guard , look up : to see : logan on one of the monitor . Anne look over he shoulder . wilkin what do you want I to do ? anne reynold flood it . Wilkins reach for a button and be about to press it , when : stryker ( 0.s. ) wait . stryker peer over they shoulder and smile . stryker ( cont 'd ) be he alone ? wilkin yes , sir . Wilkins have he hand on the button . stryker pause , think . stryker ( to Anne ) send a team , and bring he to I in the north corridor . carefully . : '' oo int . spillway tunnel - moment later 148 " Logan walk cautiously through the tunnel . in front of he , a section of the wall open and three soldier emerge , rifle up . behind he , another wall open and three more soldier '' : appear . Logan be surround . . soldier don ’t move ! hand in the AIR ! oddly , Logan obey . o 150 2d Harris 74 . int . stryker 's base - NORTH corridor - moment later 149 Logan be lead down a corridor by Anne and the soldier , arm and foot shackle , gun to he head . stryker wait for they at the end . as he approach Logan , stare he closely in the eye , the cocky grin on he face suddenly fade . stryker who do you think you be look at ? Anne look puzzle . anne reynold Sir ? stryker ( to Logan ) you do such a good impression on video , but in person ... he lift a gun to Logan 's head , finger on the trigger ... ... when logan quickly transform into mystique . her arm , now thin , slip from the shackle ~- as do she leg and foot . she wrap the shackle around stryker 's gun , rip it away , knock he into the wall . instantly , two guard FIRE - she duck - and the guard shoot each other ... as she handsprings forward ... Anne whip out a pistol -- but mystique hit she arm as she fire -- boom ! the bullet pierce a nearby pipe . steam shoot out , fill the corridor . stryker stand and try to see through the steam . mystique be : go . stryker storm off . a guard follow . int . stryker 's base - control room - moment later 150 . alarm blare . Wilkins , the only guard leave in the control room , nearly leap out of he chair and begin scan the monitor . . on the monitor : stryker walk quickly through the hallway , follow by the guard . wilkin what the ... the door open . stryker and the guard enter . ( continued ) 151 152 4 ert : rris 75 . continued : 150 stryker seal the room ! Wilkins quickly do as he 's tell , press button . huge door slam shut on the monitor . wilkin what 's 's happen ? stryker we have a metamorph loose . she could be anybody . wilkin anybody ? wham ! stryker hit Wilkins across the back of the head . he slump onto the floor . pan back to reveal stryker have become mystique . wham ! she spin kick the guard -- knock he out . she take he seat and fasten a small headset to she ear . she press some button and pull up a map of the base . mystique {into headset ) I be in . ext . spillway corridor - same time 151 magneto , Logan , Jean , Storm , and nightcrawler stand high above the spillway corridor . magneto smile , proudly . logan : . for she 's good . magneto you have no idea . they climb down the ladder into the spillway . int . stryker 's base - control room foyer - same time 7 152 the real stryker stand outside the massive control room door with Anne . he push a button to open it . it do not budge . he try again . no use . he slam the door with he hand . anne reynold the door be twenty inch thick , sir . Anne nervously watch stryker lose he cool . ( continued ) 152 0 joughert arri 76 . continued : 152 stryker ( under he breath ) yes . but she 's in there ... she 's in there and I ’m out here ! lyman walk up to they . lyman Sir , she 's open the main entrance . more mutant have enter the base . stryker can we flood the spillway ? lyman everything 's control from inside the room . stryker get the machine here , drill a hole through this door , and kill whoever 's inside . I don ’t care who they look like . stryker exhales . he turn to Anne . make a decision . stryker ( cont ’d ) they can not stop anything . in twenty minute they 's 11 all be on they knee . {they start walk ) evacuate the man and let loose we new recruit . set the charge , and meet I in augmentation . ( beat ) . oo I nil have my final chat with 143 -- then . we be leave . int . xavier 's mansion - day the 153 xavier slowly wheel through a hall . a cry catch he attention . it 's come from a nearby wall . close on the wall as xavier press a panel . it slide back , revealing a little girl crouch inside a hide stairwell . she look up at he , tear in she eye . little girl be they go ? xavier smile warmly and nod . ( continued ) 154 155 156 0/02 do 's continued : xavier yes . where be all the other ? she shrug . xavier ( cont 'd ) then I guess we will have to find they , will not we ? he hold out he hand . the girl take it and stand . int . xavier 's mansion - cerebro hallway - moment later 154 xavier wheel towards the undamaged cerebro door . he approach the retinal scanner , pause in front of it . he turn and smile at the Little girl , who smile back . the doorway scan xavier 's eye and open . little girl do not leave I alone , please . xavier okay ... you can come inside . xavier wheel inside , follow by the little girl . int . xavier 's mansion - cerebro - continuous 155 xavier enter , head down the long platform , finally stop at the end . behind xavier -- the girl walk in and smile , she blue eye full of anticipation . she walk to the front of the platform . '' as xavier turn away from the girl , we slowly rotate around he , and something happens -- in every direction that he do not face , the room slowly disintegrate into something darker -- something sinister -- the little girl reveal herself as mutant 143 . . we track around he to reveal : dark cerebro -- a dirty , bastardize , re-creation of cerebro build by stryker . xavier look back and the giant cerebro door slam shut . the little girl stand at the end of the platform and smile . int . stryker 's base - control room - same time 156 mystique flick on a series of security monitor . ( continued ) 157 158 159 160 161 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : angle on : a monitor , display xavier' child lock in they cage . mystique 's focus be sidetracked by the image . boom ! something big hit the door . she turn . int . stryker 's base - control room foyer - same time 157 the jaws-of-life -like machine be attach to the door -- a series of drilling device on its arm go to work . behind it , two guard outfit like the one who attack the mansion , hold automatic rifle aim and ready . int . stryker 's base - augmentation room - moment later 158 Anne walk by a figure who lay face down on a medical table . she remove the pipette and drip the yellow liquid onto the back of he neck . it bubbles and sink into he skin , create the now familiar round scar . it 's cyclop . toad emerge from the shadow , hold something . he hand it to she ... it 's cyclop 's visor . int . stryker 's S base - hallway outside dark cerebro 159 stryker walk across a platform , towards a doorway , that connect to : a huge sphere suspend in a massive cave . the exoskeleton of dark cerebro be a complex lattice - work of circuitry and metal . at the moment , it be dormant , dark , and still . the door open and stryker step inside . . @ int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - continuous 160 pull back to reveal : Charles xavier sit , paralyze , on a platform , wear the cerebro helmet . in front of he -- at the end of the platform , sit mutant 143 . all this time , xavier 's escape , the return to the mansion , be a illusion create by 143 -- design to get he to activate Dark cerebro . stryker walk down the platform , past xavier . he bend down , and start to whisper in 143 's ear . int . xavier 's mansion - cerebro - the illusion 161 the little girl walk down the platform and approach xavier -- begin to whisper in he ear . ( continued ) 161 162 163 164 165 166 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 79 . continued : 161 little girl it 's time to find we friend . int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - same time 162 stryker continue to whisper to 143 . int . xavier 's mansion - cerebro - the illusion 163 little girl all of they . we have to find all of the mutant . everywhere . xavier nod , understanding , and start to push button . int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - same time 164 casually , stryker bend down and utter one last command : stryker now , make I proud . stryker touch he warmly on the back , turn , and walk out . the door close . close on : mutant 143 , as GREEN and blue eye begin to rapidly dilate . int . xavier 's mansion - cerebro - the illusion 165 xavier finish what he need , and look up at the girl . xavier just -- do not move . he lean forward and pick up the cerebro helmet . the wall fall away with the cerebro effect . in second xavier be sitting inside a giant projection of the earth -- spin slowly . just like before , dot across the entire landscape -- ' across all the continent be sparkling red light , representing the mutant of the world . int . stryker 's base - outside dark cerebro - same time 166 stryker walk away from Dark cerebro . behind he , the giant sphere begins to slowly rotate . a low throbbing hum start to echo , get faster and louder . Dark cerebro be warming up ... 168 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris int . stryker 's base - filtration room - same time 167 Anne reynold be inside the huge filtration room . a wet maze of generator under the dam . she set a small charge on the base of one of the power generator . the charge blink . pull back to reveal : 4 more blinking charge place on each of the generator ... each one count down . int . stryker 's base - control room - same time 168 mystique watch the X - Men on a monitor come down a hallway . she push a button and the monitor switch to a map of the base . she look to the door -- it begin to crack with the pressure as the machine continue to rip through it 's layer . not much time ... she look around -- there 's nowhere to go . crash ! the entire door rip off -- the machine be scattered on the ground , destroyed -- revealing magneto and the X -men . behind they be the two guard -- gun float in the air , point to they head . magneto step over the mangle remnant of the machine . he turn back to the guard . magneto scurry . the soldier run off , they rifle turn to follow they . after a second , the gun drop . mystique - eric. : sad they listen as the room be fill by a deep throbbing hum . : | | logan what 's that sound ? jean grey it 's cerebro . the Professor be close . magneto look at mystique . ( magneto have you find it ? mystique nod , eyeing a power grid . ( continued ) / 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 81 . 168 continued : 168 169 1 mystique a large portion of the energy from the dam have be divert ... ( point at the grid ) ...to this chamber . they be all stare at the grid ... all , but Logan . he 's too busy stare at another monitor , which show stryker quickly walk through a corridor . magneto ( glance at mystique ) come . we have little time . Jean stop they . jean grey not without we . mystique 's eye travel to the image of the child on a monitor . Storm look at the monitor . STORM it 's the child . I x11 get they . kurt , will you come with I ? kurt nod . Jean glance around the room , realize ... jean grey wait . where 's Logan ? magneto and mystique wait impatiently by the door . magneto Logan 's go after he own prize . there 's no time to wait for he . they begin to leave the control room . Storm eye magneto cautiously , turn to Jean . jean grey I will be alright . ( beat ) take the kid through the spillway , and meet we - at the jet . int . stryker 's base - MAIN corridor ~- same time 169 Logan race down a hallway , hunt for stryker . 170 171 02 do rt rie 82 . int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - same time 170 above xavier and 143 , the huge globe rotate slowly , illuminate by the red light . push in on : xavier -- he face ' comatose and despondent . push in on : mutant 143 -- he eye dilating -- stare coldly focus on xavier . int . xavier 's mansion - cerebro - the illusion 171 xavier look puzzle . he look at the Little girl . xavier that 's odd . I can not seem to focus in on anyone . little girl maybe you have to increase the signal . xavier turn a dial , concentrate . above he , the red light intensify , and the heavy drone get louder . int . stryker 's base - containment hall - moment later 172 a large door open . Storm and nightcrawler step into the containment room , gawk . wide on the room to reveal : a massive OPEN cylinder -- 150 foot in diameter . above they , EIGHT glass cage swing from chain attach to the ceiling , each hold a different one of xavier 's student . sf nightcrawler '' mein gott ... Storm and nightcrawler start towards a bank of switch , when a figure leap from high above and land in front of they . the figure , crouch on all four , crawl into a shaft of light , revealing : ; toad -~ he eye still black and dilate . he grins at Storm and stick out he tongue , revealing it char and scar from they last battle . nightcrawler ( cont ’d ) get the kid . ( she hesitates ) go ! ( continued ) 173 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : Storm run towards the bank of switch . toad leap towards she , but nightcrawler jump into the air and slam against he , knock he away from she . toad look up at the ceiling . he grin and scurries up a massive column in the center of the room . nightcrawler quickly follow -- racing upward . on the ground Storm approach the large control BOX . she throw the first switch , and a cage begin to lower . she hit a second switch . SPARKS fly . the cage stop . Inside , Jones watch , terrify . above toad , chase by nightcrawler , grab onto a large , thick chain and rip it from the ceiling . it swing down toward Storm ... nightcrawler ( cont ’d ) miss Storm ! ... she look up just as it slam into she , knock she into the center of the room , unconscious . int . stryker 's base - MAIN corridor - same time 173 Jean , mystique , and magneto walk quickly down a long corridor -- Jean in the lead , mystique and magneto behind she , stare at each other suspiciously . sof mystique it 's just ahead . Jean suddenly shut she eye , concentrate . jean grey wait . magneto and mystique look at she , puzzle . jean grey ( cont 'd ) I think it 's ... behind they , a door begin to rise , revealing a figure silhouett on the other side . they turn around . Jean squint to see ... cyclop , step into the hall . ( continued ) 173 174 175 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 84 . continued : 173 jean grey ( cont 'd ) Scott ! he do not answer . Jean look closer . something be ... wrong . cyclop be wear he visor , but he face be emotionless . on the back of he neck be the familiar circular scar . jean grey ( cont 'd ) .- Scott ? Scott reach for he visor and fire a optic blast . mystique duck , while Jean tackle magneto to the ground -- the optic blast just barely miss they . int . x- jet - same time 174 rogue , pyro and Bobby sit in the cockpit , listen to the battle over the radio . they hear a explosion ... then static . pyro that 's it . pyro reach over and hit a button . behind they , the ramp descend . they look at he , shocked , as he stand up . bobby where do you think you be go ? pyro in there . I be tired of this '' kid table '' shit . I wanna fight . bobby you do not have a uniform . you 'il freeze before you make it to the spillway . pyro will I ? rogue John ... John stare at she hard , wink , and walk down the ramp . Inside , rogue turn Bobby and eye the ascension control button . int . stryker 's base - MAIN corridor - same time 175 cyclop fire again . ( continued ) 175 176 4 /3 2 do 's erty & ris 85 . continued : 175 Jean concentrate and the floor be ripped upward , block - he blast like a shield . while Jean try to reinforce the shield with more piece of flooring , magneto stand and turn to mystique . magneto this be the kind of lover 's quarrel we can not get involved in , my dear . mystique smile and they calmly walk off . cyclop fire again , knock the shield ' down . Jean turn to run , but the door slide shut between she and magneto . she see cyclops approach , and run into a adjoin room . int . stryker 's base - containment hall - same time 176 the child scream as toad and nightcrawler fight each other , leaping from cage to cage . toad climb to the top of the room . he look at a pin , which connect a cage to a chain . he smile and yank the pin out . the cage begins to fall . Inside the cage , Jubilee scream . nightcrawler see she . bamf ! he teleport inside the cage , grab Jubilee , and bamf ! they be go . bamf ! he put Jubilee safely on the ground . the cage come crash down next to they . he look up to see toad leap from one cage to another , yanking two more pin . two more cage begin to drop , the kid inside panic . bamf ! nightcrawler teleport from one cage to the next , save the kid before they hit the ground . on the ground nightcrawler appear , huffing and puffing -- fatigue . he look up . in the rafter toad grin wickedly , and disappear in a blur of speed and movement . five more cage , one after another , suddenly begin to drop . push in on nightcrawler : as he close he eye . bamf ! bamf ! bamf ! bamf ! bamf ! bamf ! bamf ! ( continued ) 176 ~ 177 178 4/30 /0 rri 86 . continued : 176 the silhouette of he movement scream through the space . one '' by one , the kid safely appear on the ground . crash ! crash ! crash ! cage be fall all around Storm 's unconscious body . in the rafter toad pull a pin from the last cage . Jones be inside . bamf ! nightcrawler appear behind toad . he wrap he arm around toad ... bamf ! the two of they teleport into Jones 's fall cage ... inside the cage ... bamf ! nightcrawler and toad reappear . nightcrawler grab jone , and bamf ! they be out , leave toad behind , scream . on the ground nightcrawler and Jones reappear to see the cage falling toward STORM 's body . bamf ! bamf ! she disappear in a cloud of smoke as toad 's cage smashes into the ground . Storm come to . she and the kid stare in awe at nightcrawler , who lie on the ground , try to catch he breath . jone .. think I have to throw up . int . stryker 's base - MAIN corridor - same time : " 477 stryker walk down a hallway -- a dozen soldier run past he ; exite the base . stryker open a door , enter : int . stryker ‘s base - augmentation . room - continuous 178 Anne stand , wait for he . they walk towards a large door at the far end of the room . stryker do you set the charge ? anne reynold of course . snikt ! they stop and turn around to see logan -- stare at the chart , diagram , and torturous medical instrument . horrify . ( continued ) 178 179 180 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 87 . continued : 178 finally , he gaze into a long tank fill with amber liquid -- the same kind of tank that fill he memory . Logan turn and face they , infuriate . stryker back away . stryker you know what to do . she silently nod . stryker back through the door and shut it , leave Anne and Logan behind . Anne hold out she arm and spread she finger wide . her hand twitch . her eye turn completely black . dolly around anne -- revealing a circular scar on the back of she neck . bone crunch as the finger on both of her hand extend . Logan gawk , as Anne reynold show she true mutant form . she gracefully hold up long , spindly finger that taper into '' razor sharp adamantium claw . slash ! she reach towards he and flick one long finger . Logan flinch , realize she cut a SMALL gash in he cheek . she smile . Logan sneer and swipe at she head . she duck , come back up and kick he . he stumble back . she leap and screech , swiping with both hand . he block she claw with he own . they fight -- adamantium against adamantium . spark fly , but hardly in the romantic way . int . stryker 's base ~- escape tunnel - same time - 179 stryker calmly walk down the long escape tunnel . '' int . stryker 's base . -. augmentation room - same time 180 Anne slashes -- miss -- and hit a cluster power cable in the ceiling . they twist and writhe , small electrical spark fall to the ground . Logan tackle she and they crash through a glass wall . x- Ray , diagram , and equipment shatter . they be a close match but Anne be much faster . Logan be be tear to shred by she lightning - fast hand . she spin-kick -- knock Logan into the weapon - X tank . it smashes open . fluid spill across the floor . he 's sprawle on top of the break tank -- daze , nearly unconscious . he can not beat she hand - to-hand and know it . ( continued ) 180 181 182 4 2_ dougher : harri 88 . continued : 180 Logan look over and see the severe power cable writhe nearby -- think fast ... Anne raise she claw , ready to deliver she final deathstrike . .. as she swipe , Logan roll off the tank , grab the power cable and toss they to the ground ... zap ! a surge of electricity course along the floor through the tank fluid -- it hit anne . she scream , fall backward into the tank , convulse and shriek like a animal -- she claw twitch ... and stop . Logan watch -- as the tank that once give birth to he , become the sarcophagus for stryker 's latest creation . int . stryker 's base - filtration room - same time 181 Jean enter the room . she turn to see cyclop right behind and quickly shut the heavy metal door . wham ! it 's blow apart as soon as it close . Jean duck , barely avoid the fly door . as she run , she do not notice the blinking charge attach to the generator . cyclop fire again . Jean hold up she hand -- and the blast seem to hit a invisible wall around she . she strain , use every last bit of strength to hold back he blast . jean grey : - 4 Scott ... do not do this . cyclops adjust he visor and the beam intensifies ... Jean sweat as it start to push towards she . the blind light get so bright that she have to look away ... wham ! the beam explode and finally hit she , throw she back twenty foot to the floor , unconscious . cyclops loom over Jean . he adjust he visor and the red glow intensify , ready to fire , when : the loud throbbing hum of Dark cerebro fill the room . cyclops 's hand begin to tremble ... int . stryker 's base - containment hall - moment later 182 Jones hug storn tightly . Storm hug he back , sighing with exhaustion . ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : STORM time to go home . 183 184 185 186 they start to walk towards the door . suddenly , the low throbbing hum of Dark cerebro echoe through the room . nightcrawler stop , dizzy . he turn to Storm . the throbbing get louder . nightcrawler miss Storm ... he stare at Storm in shock . she look daze , clutching she head . she fall to the ground , scream . all around , the kid drop like fly -- as 143 's signal hit they --~ the deep , resonant droning in the background . , nightcrawler move to help they , but fall to he knee ... int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - same time 183 the world map rotate , a thousand mutant- indicator red light spin inside it . mutant 143 's breathing become heavy and erratic . he tremble , sweat , eye dilating back and forth . the low throbbing hum get faster and faster . suddenly , a burst of light flood the map . this be the beginning ... ext . forest clearing - moment later 184 stryker emerge from the underground escape tunnel into a SMALL clearing beside the delta of the dam -- the spillway can be see to the side -- the dam far in the distance . there be a large dual -rotor helicopter rest on a small , inconspicuous helipad . stryker move towards it . int . - helicopter .- moment later '' : 185 stryker hop into the helicopter and begin to hit switch . the motor start power up . he hit a final switch , and the headlight turn on , just as a hand quickly reach in and grab he , throwing stryker from the helicopter , landing on the snowy ground .... ext . forest helipad - continuous 186 logan . stryker open he mouth to scream -- snikt ! Logan 's claw extend ... and immediately retract as the deep throbbing of Dark cerebro hit he : Logan clutch he head and fall to he knee . ( continued ) 186 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 90 . continued : 186 stryker sit up , swallow , and grin . stryker wolverine . Logan weakly grab onto stryker 's leg . stryker ( cont 'd ) how do you head feel ? like there 's someone else inside ? Logan try to scream , but can not . he try to extend he claw , but they only push out a inch , and retract . stryker ( cont ’d ) mortality 's never really be a issue for you , wolverine . how 's it feel to know that you be finally die ? stryker kick Logan across the face . Logan roll away from he , still clutching he head . stryker kick he again . stryker ( cont ’d ) why do you come back ? look for answer ? logan you cut I open ... and take my life ... stryker you make it sound as though I steal something from you . as I recall , it be you who volunteer for the program . logan : ( long pause as logan.. choke ) who 's am I ? stryker you be just a fail experiment . ( beat ) you should be thanking I . if you really know about you past -- what kind of person you be ... you have be destroy . angle on : Logan -- devastate ... in agony . he close he eye -~ press he head against the ground -~ barely breathe . 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 int . stryker 's base - outside dark cerebro 187 magneto and mystique stare in awe as they approach the massive rotating sphere of dark cerebro , now spin at full speed -- red light emanate from within . the throbbing sound be deafening . mystique fall to the ground in pain . mystique Eric ... hurry ... she can barely control herself -- shifting into the hundred of people that she have copied in her life ... magneto lift a hand , we hear a loud groaning -- like the scratch of metal on metal . Dark cerebro begin to slow ... int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - same time 188 xavier , catatonic , stare at 143 . above they , the red light be get brighter . intercut with : int . stryker 's base - filtration room - same time 189 Jean and cyclops lay on the ground in pain . int . x- jet - same time 190 rogue and Bobby be too weak to move -- on the jet floor . int . stryker 's base - containment hall - same time : ° you Storm be on the ground , scream , she eye white . nightcrawler and the child writhe in agony . ext . middle of the wood - same time 192 . pyro lay on the ground , cry . his finger pulse red . ext . world montage - day and night a 193 we see glimpsis of different mutant : -- a young girl in a classroom clutches she ear . she open she mouth and scream . other student gawk as the window begin to shatter . . -- dr . hank mccoy lift up a beaker . he scream and the - beaker fall , shatter on the floor . ( continued ) 193 194 195 196 197 4 02 doughe : & harri 92 . continued : 193 his hand start to twitch . suddenly fur sprout along he arm and he skin begins to turn blue . -- a homeless red -headed woman in new york CITY heave and cry underneath a large black overcoat . pedestrian gawk and stare as large , spike bone start to sprout all over her body . -- a man at a poker game in new orlean . the card in he finger incinerate as power pulse through he hand . the other player watch in fear as he start to convulse . ext . forest helipad - same time 194 Logan hold he head against the ground . stryker turn and walk back towards the helicopter . int . stryker 's base - hallway outside dark cerebro - same time magneto concentrate . his hand tremble . Dark cerebro continue to screech , slow down , and after a few second ... the giant sphere finally grind to a halt . the SOUND suddenly stop . silence . close on : mystique 's face . she stop transforming -~ eye wide , freeze -- like a dead woman 's eye . suddenly she blink ... and sit up . magneto wave he hand , the door open . he enter : int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - continuous 196 the large open room of Dark cerebro . magneto see xavier - 3 face 143 , still trap in the illusion . ' magneto hello , Charles . int . stryker 's base - containment hall - same time 197 - Storm and nightcrawler slowly get to they foot , and help the child up . . STORM everybody okay ? murmur of '' yes '' . STORM ( cont 'd ) . alright . follow I and stay close . = 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 93. int . stryker 's base - filtration room - same time 198 cyclops sit up , shaking off the effect of Dark cerebro . he look over to see Jean sit in a far corner , hold she head . cyclop ( weakly ) ... Jean ? she do not look up . he stand , walk over and crouch next to she , tenderly touch she head . cyclop ( cont 'd ) hey . she scream and flinch -- startle ... terrify . - cyclop ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... it 's I . she finally calm down and look up ... her eye be bloodshot , fill with tear . she hold a shaky hand up to he face , caress it gently . jean grey Scott . ° cyclop what happen ? Jean shut she eye tight and rub they . he help she up . she seem disorient , hold onto he for support . - 4 jean grey I ... I do not -- her com device . crackle with Storm 's voice . STORM ( on com device ) Jean , I have get the kid . cyclops hear a faint beeping . he turn , see a charge - stick to one of the generator . he look up and see the rest . jean grey ( on com device ) ( weakly ) alright . meet we in the west corridor . we be go to get the Professor . cyclop Jean ... ( continued ) 0 Di harri 94 . 198 continued : 198 CO ) '' he reach toward the charge -- it beeps louder and the clock start to countdown faster . he pull away and it slow to its normal speed . cyclop ( cont ’d ) Jean ... we have to go ... | jean grey : | Scott ... something 's wrong . : cyclops stare at the charge . cyclop I know . 199 int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - moment later 199 magneto stare at xavier , who be still comatose . | magneto how do it look from there , Charles ? still fight the good fight ? from here , it do not look like they be play by you rule . magneto float across to the middle of the chasm . with a wave of magneto 's hand , the entire machine begin to re-configure itself . ceil panel , metal brace , tube , | wire ... everything . it 's a swirl of metal and movement . he finish and land back on the platform . , magneto ( cont 'd ) : - maybe it 's time to play by theirs . walk out . magneto ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , Charles . bey through the doorway : mystique smile , as magneto turn and close on : xavier , still in the illusion , still comatose . push in on : mutant 143 , as he eye bulge , drool drip from he mouth . magneto leave . the door shut . 200 int . stryker 's base - hallway outside dark cerebro 200 magneto turn back to the close door . he raise he arm . ( continued ) 200 201 202 203 204 - 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 95 . continued : 200 cerebro slowly begin to rotate again . magneto turn and walk out . a moment of silence , and then ... the throbbing hum grow again ... int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - same time 201 ll if ' eli od . . each light represent the non-mutant of : the world -- the rest of humanity ... and cerebro 's new target . ext . forest helipad - same time 202 stryker 's about to open the helicopter door , when ... snikt ! stryker pause . he hear it -- faintly . he stop -- pull out a SMALL dart gun -- wheel around ... Logan cut the gun from stryker 's hand and throw he to the ground . he pull stryker close . logan now , you be about to tell I something ... ' booom ! the ground be rocked by a explosion . int . stryker 's base - filtration room - same time 203 the first charge explode , send the giant generator smashing into the side of the room . debris and water spray everywhere . boom ! the second charge hit . a alarm blare and warning | light flash . ext . forest . helipad - same time 204 the ground be suddenly rock by the sound of two more explosion . still hold stryker to the ground , Logan look to the spillway beside he : water begins to fill the spillway ... block the way the X - Men come in . logan what do you do ? stryker 's face curl into a smile . Logan look deeply into he eye . ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 96 . 204 continued : 204 he look back at the tunnel . the sound of tremendous rushing water can be hear , as can a faint rumbling . he 's tear ; between he past -- stryker , and he future -- the X - Men , who be trap underground . he grab a bundle of chain use to secure the helicopter , and quickly chain stryker to a post . logan ( cont ’d ) do not move . we be not finish . Logan race back into the tunnel . 205 int . stryker 's base - outside dark cerebro - later 205 Storm , the child , and nightcrawler come around a corner , approach the gigantic spinning cerebro sphere . they stare in awe . all ardéund they , the creak and break of the base can be hear . nightcrawler what be this ? STORM ( horrify ) cerebro . just then , cyclops arrive , guide a staggering jean grey . the low , throbbing hum of Dark cerebro be once again audible . STORM ( cont 'd ) Jean , I think you and magneto stop it . . - G | é | jean grey . | 4 : he do , but ... suddenly , Jean close she eye , concentrate . place she hand on the door -- use she telepathy . logan come run . : | down the hallway , out of breath . logan : ; we have to get out of here . now ! : ( beat ) there 's a tunnel that go under the spillway . stryker have a helicopter there . Jean have - she hand on the door ... concentrate . jean grey no ... magneto 's reverse cerebro . it 's not target mutant any more . ( continued ) a 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 97 . 205 continued : . 205 logan so who 's it target now ? jean grey everyone else . ( beat , focus ) the Professor 's still inside . he 's be ... manipulate ... by a mutant . boom ! the complex be rock by the sound of the dam fall apart . the kid look nervous . Dark cerebro 's hum be louder . jean grey ( cont ’d ) kurt . nightcrawler yes ? jean grey you have to take I in there . now. cyclop Jean ... nightcrawler I tell you . it 's too dangerous . if I can not see where I be go , I ... cyclop Jean , no . Logan look at Jean closely ... notice something odd about she , the way she 's stare ahead at nothing in particular . / jean grey I have to . there 's no time . } logan ( suspiciously ) wait a second . Logan grab Jean by the shoulder . look deep into she eye . STORM what 's wrong ? beat . cyclop she 's blind . ( continued ) 205 206 207 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 28. continued : ( 2 ) 205 push in on : Storm , stare at Jean -- in agony . she turn to the child , to the X - Men . stare at nightcrawler . nightcrawler but miss Storm ... they all turn to look at Storm . from the look on she face , they know there 's no debate . STORM {to cyclops ) get to the helicopter . cyclops nod . nightcrawler wrap he arm around Storm and close he eye . logan ( to Storm ) you have five minute before I come in after you . nightcrawler ( whisper ) we Father who art in Heaven . hallow be thy name . thy kingdom come , thy will be do , on Earth ... bamf ! they disappear . int . xavier' mansion - cerebro - the illusion 206 bamf ! Storm and nightcrawler reappear , find themselves on the platform behind xavier in the cerebro of 143 's illusion , nightcrawler stare in awe at the room -- and the billion of white light rotate above . Dark cerebro 's hum be get faster and faster -- the white light brighten . nightcrawler ( finish the prayer ) .as it be in heaven . ext . forest clearing - same time : 207 d the hum echoe . stryker , tug at the chain , and now feel the effect of Dark cerebro , open he mouth to scream -- but nothing come out . then , he hear a voice . magneto ( 0.s. ) Mr. stryker . how good to see you again . ( continued ) 208 209 210 211 212 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 99 . continued : 207 stryker lift he head up to see : magneto , grin . mystique be next to he . : magneto ( cont 'd ) it seem that we keep run into each other . whip ! the chain wrap around he throat , tightening . magneto ( cont 'd ) Mark my word , it will never happen again . int , helicopter - on the ground - moment later 208 magneto sit next to mystique . she push a button , and the propellers begin to spin . she 's about to pull back on the stick , when she glance outside . he turn to match she gaze , eye narrow curiously , because : ext . forest - same time 209 a figure stand alone , flick a lighter : pyro . int . helicopter - same time 210 magneto look at mystique for advice -- she have no answer . magneto reach out and open the door . with a smile and a nod , magneto extend a invitation . ext . forest - same time : . 211 pyro hesitates , then put the lighter back into he pocket . he walk . towards the helicopter and join they silently . the helicopter take off , flying high into the sky ... magneto , mystique , and pyro -- the new Brotherhood . int . cerebro - the illusion - same time 212 the little girl look up to see Storm and nightcrawler at the far end of the platform behind xavier , and just as they make eye contact ... STORM Professor ! . but she voice be a faint whisper among many . ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : the platform between the little girl and Storm start to stretch to near-infinity . cerebro be now gigantic -- the perspective be off : the rotate globe seem to be the actual size of the Earth . the platform be so long that it look like a endless highway stretch into the void . in the front , xavier look around , but see nothing . xavier I hear they ... but I can not find they . little girl /143 ( firmly ) then increase the signal . he close he eye again , concentrate . the dron be get louder . in the back of the platform , Storm be run towards xavier , but make no headway . nightcrawler cower behind she , scared . the little girl suddenly appear in front of she , glaring . little girl /143 ( cont 'd ) stay away . Storm take another step and -- the platform between she and the girl suddenly break and fall into the abyss , create a massive chasm between they . Storm look into the chasm , then close she eye and continue walk . nightcrawler be completely terrify . . , STORM : this be just a illusion . you can not fool nme . it 's just 'a game . . push in on the girl -- eye gleam . little girl /143 be you sure ? she step forward , unafraid . her foot step into the chasm ... and she fall , scream . thwap ! nightcrawler 's tail reach down and grab she , pull she back up . .- boom ! the room be suddenly rocked by the sound of another explosion . the illusion quickly drop , then re-aligns itself . ( continued ) 212 o 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 101 . continued : ( 2 ) 212 the girl flash to 143 and back again . the light be get brighter -- the hum louder and faster . in the front , xavier look around suspiciously . STORM ( 0.s. ) ( very faint ) ; Professor ! he look around , confuse . the Little girl be get very agitate . on the other side of the chasm a rumble in the sky above . Storm and nightcrawler look up to see plate of metal raining down -- piece of Dark cerebro break away and enter the fragile illusion . Storm look at nightcrawler , then glance towards xavier . nightcrawler quickly wrap he arm around she . bamf ! they disappear . in the front of the platform { bamf ! Storm and nightcrawler reappear in - between xavier and the girl . the girl stare at they angrily . xavier Storm . I be just try to find you . STORM Professor , you have to stop cerebro now . xavier 7 | I be just locating the other ... and 7 | show we friend the mutant of the . world . the Little girl smile . xavier look up at the billion of white light . STORM this be not the mutant of the world . xavier be confuse . STORM ( cont 'd ) Professor , none of this be real . it 's a illusion . you have to see beyond it . the Little girl move to xavier 's side . ( continued ) 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris 102 . 212 continued : ( 3 ) 212 oq oe ~ little girl do not listen to she . she 's lie ! Storm plead with xavier . STORM Professor ! who be this girl ? : xavier she 's a student . STORM you know every student in the school . which one be she ? angle on : the girl , eye wide ... get angry . STORM ( cont 'd ) this be a illusion , Professor -- you have be inside of it for too long . the girl 's eye suddenly change -- one become GREEN and one blue . xavier think hard . he look up at the white CO light ... back at the girl . realization cross he face ... xavier Jason . the girl narrow her eye . xavier turn towards she . little girl no ... | | | i little girl ( cont ’d ) no ! stop ! you be ' hurt I ! the Little girl get furious , and the entire room flash from illusion to illusion -- a amalgam of horrible nightmare and desolate landsccape -- death , pain , agony -- terror . the platform remain suspend throughout each ~ illusion . 2 xavier stare at she , concentrate . . | | little girl ( cont ’d ) get out of my head ! suddenly the image of 143 flash in the illusion as xavier break it down . Storm see this . she concentrate . push in on : Storm , as she eye burn white . electricity cull from the ceiling . wind blows they face . ( continued ) 213 214 215 216 4/3 2_ Di ert : Harris 103 . continued : ( 4 ) 212 ten line of white -hot static electricity push together into one bolt of lightning , which strike mutant 143 . int . cerebro - the illusion 213 the girl scream as the illusion ripples . her face twitches and flash -- into the leer , ghoulish image of mutant 143 -- then back to the girl . she disappear , revealing 143 completely . the illusion drop into : int . stryker 's base - dark cerebro - same time 214 Dark cerebro -- which be falling apart -- girder and piece of structure fall from above . boom ! the room be rock by another hit . the platform shake and bend . xavier close he eye and reach up . he quickly remove the helmet . the light fade . the hum stop . xavier stare at mutant 143 , who 's face be emotionless , but he eye seem to be fill with sadness ... possibly remorse . the room be hit hard . the ceiling above begin to flake and crack . a giant girder hit the platform , destabilize it . 143 be knock off the edge . they helplessly watch as he tumble into the abyss . the platform be about to break away completely . Storm move close to xavier -- nightcrawler do he best to wrap he arm around they both ... bamf !!! . 4 ext . dam - same time 215 '' massive crack spread through the dam like spider web . chunks of concrete begin to fall away -- water gush from the hole . the entire dam be about to collapse ... ext . forest helipad - moment later 216 cyclops , Jean and the kid stand , blast by snowy wind -- wait beside the empty helipad . nightcrawler and Storm emerge from - the tunnel ... follow by logan , who be carry xavier . STORM Logan ? Logan walk past she . his jaw drop . ( continued ) 216 oq 217 218 a 219 4 02 rt arri 104 . continued : 216 wide to reveal : the helicopter be gone . stryker 's body lay on the ground -- eye wide in a freeze scream , the steel chain wrap around he throat . logan magneto . Logan stare at stryker 's , body for a beat , then suddenly turn -- and stare into the surround wood . cyclop what 's wrong ? ext . dam - same time 217 angle down the side of the dam : a large chunk of the concrete mass crack and slide down . a billion gallon of water erupt through the open . ext . forest clearing - same time 218 the tree begin to shake . clump of snow fall from the branch . a faint rumble and the sound of snapping wood echoe in the distance . it 's get louder . logan run. nightcrawler what be that ? logan alkali Lake . all of it . boom ! wind explode from the forest like a shockwave , almost knock the group to the ground . they turn to see a massive black shape tearing through the forest ... the X - jet be slice across the treetop over they head , awkwardly try to slow down over the helipad . Storm grab nightcrawler . he know what to do . he wrap he arm around she , and bamf ! int . x- jet - cockpit - moment later 219 bamf ! Storm and nightcrawler appear in the cockpit . she take the seat next to rogue , who be still wide - eye and shake , hold on to the control with white - knuckle fear . STORM it 's okay . you can let go . ( continued ) 220 221 222 223 224 225 4/30/02 dougherty & Harris continued : Storm grab the control and steady the jet. ext . forest helipad - same time 220 the jet stabilize and lower to the helipad . the ramp descend , revealing bobby . bobby hurry ! the kid scramble up the ramp . colossus take xavier from Logan . int . x- jet - cockpit - same time 221 rogue look out the windshield and see a massive wave of water head straight for they , tree snap like twig . Storm have she hand on the control , ready to lift off . rogue eye she nervously . ext . x- jet - on the ramp - same time 222 cyclop lead Jean up the ramp . Logan be behind they . cyclop take we up ! Storm yank back on the control . ext . x- jet - same time 223 the X - jet rise , barely dodging more debris and water , as the tunnel exit , helipad , and stryker 's body ... be engulf . . , int . stryker 's base - augmentation room - same time 224 " a side of the room explode and a torrent of water crash in , flooding everything in the room -- the diagram , the equipment ... and the weapon-x tank . int . x- jet ramp - same time . 225 Logan stand on the ramp , look down at the raging water below . he look closer to see : the wave head down - river , flooding over the old base ... wash it away with any remnant of Logan 's past . 227 229 02 dou rty & Harris int . x- jet ramp - same time 226 with a solemn look on he face , Logan turn around and head up the ramp . it close behind he . dissolve to : int . x- jet - later 227 it 's quiet . we only hear the steady hum of the jet . the kid sit in the rear , lean against each other . Bobby and a few other be sleep . Jones be play with nightcrawler 's tail . Logan watch cyclops wrapping a bandage around Jean 's eye . actually , he 's just watch Jean . beat . xavier glance at Logan and nod . Logan get up and head to the cockpit . in the cockpit Storm and rogue be at the control . he put a hand on rogue 's shoulder . Storm look back , at the kid , at the X - * men . ext . airspace - day 228 the X - jet disappear into the cloud . fade in : int . house of representatives - moment later 229 President mckenna be in the middle of deliver the state of the union address . abrahm , a Senator in the front row , be ° pour a glass of water from a pitcher . president mckenna : in this time of adversity we be be offer a unique opportunity -- a moment to recognize a grow threat within we own population , and take a unique role in the shape of human event . angle on : the President 's podium , and the file that stryker show he at the beginning of the film . president mckenna ( cont ’d ) I have in my possession ... evidence ... of a threat bear in we own school ... he pause , look at the vice president , who sit , strangely daze . ( continued ) 0/02 dou Harris 107 . 229 continued : 229 president mckenna ( cont ’d ) ...a threat we must learn to recognize ... in order to combat it ... he pause again , look around . all of the people around he be sitting perfectly still ... completely motionless . pull back to reveal : every single person in this room be freeze in place -- Senators , aide , secret service -- other government worker . Senator abrahm be still pour water -- it overflow the cup and run down the table . 230 int . control booth - same time 230 a dozen tech guy be perfectly still . monitor switch to static . 231 ' int . house of representatives - same time 231 the President see that he teleprompter have go to static . suddenly , the door swing OPEN , revealing xavier and Logan . the head down the aisle towards the President . Logan hold a file folder in he hand . the President stare , dumfounded , as they approach . president mckenna who be you people ? ' xavier my name be Charles xavier . please sit down , Mr. President . . oa president mckenna I would rather stand . , xavier nod . Logan glare at the President -- who look around , nervously . xavier we be mutant , but we be not here to harm you . just to talk . Logan hand the file to the President . xavier ( cont 'd ) this be file from the private office of William stryker . ' = mekenna hesitantly reach out and take the file , thumb ' through they . ( continued ) o oq 30/02 er hi be . 108. 231 continued : 231 president mckenna how do you get this ? xavier let 's just say I know a little girl who can walk through wall . president mckenna I have never see this before . xavier - I know . president mckenna then you also know I do not respond well to threat . xavier this be not a threat Mr. President , this - ais a offer . while mckenna continue to look at the file , xavier approach the podium . Logan look at the freeze Senators , impressed . xavier ( cont ’d ) I realize you may have information about - I . about my school . about we people . ( beat ) I be willing to trust you , Mr. President , if you be willing to return the favor . president mckenna . og what be you propose ? xavier there be force in . this world , mutant and human alike , who believe that a war be come . you will see from that file that some have already try to start one . Logan watch as the pitcher of water that abrahm be . pour come to a trickle . he wave a hand in front of the Senator 's face . xavier ( cont 'd ) if we expect to preserve peace , we have to work together ... beat . mckenna look around -- at the freeze Congress . ( continued ) fe 232 234 0/02 do continued : ( 2 ) xavier ( cont ’d ) ... do you understand ? ~ mckenna stare at xavier strongly . for a long moment , he do not speak . then ... president mckenna yes . I think I do . xavier I be glad . we be here to stay , Mr. President . the next move be yours . Logan and xavier head back up the aisle and disappear behind close door . the President look around , startle ... as the room come back to life . int . control booth - same time - 232 the monitor snap out of -static and display live video of the President , who 's not speak . int . house of representatives - same time 233 no one in the room have any idea what just happen . aprahm , have pour water all over he pants . he clean it up , embarrassed . at the podium President mckenna look at the vice - President , who glance back to he . mckenna look at the teleprompter , and.to the audience , who be wait ... wait ... wait ... mckenna inhale . deeply and look at the file on he podium . he look at the old file , the one he be about to consult ... and carefully place xavier 's file on top of they . int . house of representatives - hallway - same time 234 - xavier and Logan head down the long hallway , past guard and worker who walk by , unaware that anything have happen at all . fade out .