" xxx " by Rich wilk August 26 , 2001 third draft fade in : ext . prague - night on a hill above the city be a old cathedral . the night be spooky , with harsh shadow play across the cobblestone and medieval wall . a nervous young hacker make he way down a alley . there be a door at the end of the alley . music can be faintly hear from inside . ext . rooftop - night High above the street a intruder dressed all in black spy from the roof . he 's watch with night vision goggle . he pull out a crossbow and fire . a bolt fly , trail cable . thunk ! it stick into the alley wall below . ext . the alley - night as he pass by the ominous Cathedral , the hacker spin , sure he 's hear something . but there 's nothing there . he continue on . then the intruder come slide down the zip - line from above . wham ! he kick the hacker into the wall , knock he out . the intruder pull off he mask , revealing the chisele feature of a dash british secret agent . his name be sterling . sterling I hate to drop in unexpectedly . sterling search the hacker and pull a SMALL black case from he coat . Inside the case be a data chip . sterling tuck it away . sterling unzip he black jumpsuit , revealing a crisp tuxedo underneath . he pull out car keys . in a quick insert we see the " aston - martin " logo . as he stroll back out the alley , he hear something and flatten against the wall . a blacked out suv screech to a stop , block he exit . the suv 's headlight illuminate the slump hacker . bad guy get out to investigate , pull out weapon . cornere , sterling head deeper into the alley , stay in the shadow . he get to that door the hacker be head towards . as he pick the lock sterling can hear music from inside . he smooth he hair and prepare to " blend in " with the crowd . int . concert hall - night sterling come through the door and he face fall . he 's step into a loud metal concert . we see a go- go dancer in latex . onstage be rammstein , a bizarre german industrial - metal band . the tattooe young crowd slam dance and swing glo-stix over they head . some wear rubber brain skullcap outfit with fiber optic light . it 's a sea of spike hair and bondage outfit . sterling square he jaw and start push through the crowd . with he tuxedo he stick out like a penguin in a chicken coop . on the balcony above the crowd stand a wild haire young gangster with pierce brows . with he be a STREET - tough girl with multi-color hair . they look like a post - apocalyptic bonnie &amp ; clyde . they be yorgi and petra . yorgi check he watch . his delivery be late . then he cell phone ring . he 's get the news from outside . he look down , spot sterling amidst the mosh crowd . with that look , that tux , there 's no mistake what he be . they make eye contact and sterling give a little nod . yorgi calmly issue order into he phone . immediately viktor start move in sterling 's direction . viktor be huge , with a mohawk and a six - inch goatee . sterling see he advance and make for the exit , push through the freaky crowd . ext . concert hall - night sterling 's aston -martin vantage screech away from the curb . int . aston -martin - moving - night sterling be at the wheel of he spy car . he plug the data chip into the dash and punch button . a computer screen say " data downloading " . he see a blacked - out suv racing up behind he . he accelerate and hit a switch . armore plating slide up over the rear window . ext . cobblestone STREET - night the suv be right behind he . viktor roll down the passenger window , ready he pistol . the rear bumper of the spy car open . smoke bomb drop out . they explode in massive cloud , obscure the narrow , street . sterling skid around a corner . the blind bad guy drive straight into a storefront . Glass and merchandise fly as the suv get stick . the aston -martin round another corner and slide to a stop . block the road ahead be two more suv 's . a motorcycle slide to a stop in front of they . the rider be ander , a leather clad biker who look half Viking . ander pull out a silenced sub -machine gun and start blasting . bullet slam into the aston-martin , crack the bullet - proof glass , shatter headlight , and blowing out the front tire ! sterling jam it into reverse and back around the corner on the rim . int . aston -martin - idling - night sterling notice a error message now flash on he computer screen : " transmission error : - data partially sent " . sterling look around desperately . somehow he 's get to get this data out of here . straight ahead be the river . chugge up the river : a party barge . partygoer in formal attire dance to a orchestra . a swimming pool be in the middle of the deck for a perfect water landing . sterling time for a slow boat to China . he hit a button . ext . cobblestone STREET - night the rear license plate fold down , revealing a rocket engine . flame spew as he jam down the accelerator . sterling be push back into he seat by the G-forces . SPARKS fly from the rim as he skip across the pavement at ever increase speed . ander fire with he gun , but sterling be get away ! but then kirill step around the corner . he 's academic look , a chain smoking intellectual with coke - bottle glass . he 's also a highly proficient and cold - blooded sniper . kirill put he light cigarette behind he ear and unsling a surface -to - AIR missile launcher from he shoulder . the aston -martin reach the riverbank and go airborne . it rocket through the air towards the party barge . we see the car reflected in kirill 's glass as he aim . on a little screen we see the missile launcher home in on the heat source of the jet engine . the missile lock - in and fire ... heatseeker p.o.v . - we see a GREEN car with all its hot spot glowing red . camera roar towards the fly car . int . aston -martin - flying - night sterling see the missile streaking at he . sterling oh bloody hell ! ext . the river - nigkt whoomph ! the aston-martin explode in mid-air . partygoer shriek as the axle and flaming rim rain down on the deck . kirill take the cigarette from he ear , puff it . finally , sterling 's flame bow tie flutter down and land on a leaping salmon ice-sculpture above a tantalize seafood buffet . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. a strafing shot over the city . we make a sudden leave turn and speed out of town . we shoot over to the blue ridge mountain of virginia . in the middle of nowhere we dive towards a complex of black building . int . underground headquarters - hallway - night Inside it 's modern , cold and high tech . a elevator count down to a deep basement level . the door open and a tall man man with a prosthetic leg stride down the empty hall . agent gibbon be African - american , a battle - scar warrior . even with a limp he look sturdy , confident , deadly . at the end of the hall be a metal door . int . ultimate information room - night gibbon walk into the information room of the national security agency ( NSA ) . there be world map , satellite image on computer screen , techies monitoring everything . if a nuclear war break out , you could run the country from down here . gibbon take a elevator up . int . SAM tannick's office - night the office be expensive yet devoid of personality , reflect the shadowy nature of it 's owner . one wall be glass , look down on the information room . SAM tannick , grizzle NSA chief , look down at the activity below . SAM tannick come . gibbon enter , stand by the desk . gibbon even , Sam . Sam remain in shadow . SAM tannick what do you have ? gibbon not a whole helluva lot . his final transmission be mangle . about something or someone call " ahab " . whatever it be , it cost he he life . SAM tannick he be the best there be . that make three agent lose . gibbon they be ruthless and they have a lot of firepower . it 's only a matter of time before they figure out how to deploy Silent night . then we be gonna have a catastrophe on we hand . SAM tannick Silent night in the hand of a bunch of impertinent cowboy gibbon we be gonna have to step in , Sam . that CIA boy could not find a clown in a field of cactus . let I take care of it . SAM tannick how will you fix it ? gibbon I will go in with a team . but first I be go to need some intel . I will have to put someone inside , someone new , someone they will not see come . one of they own . SAM tannick so you will dredge the bottom again . you have do that before . the result be ... uneven . gibbon you wanna find out about rat , ask a rat . I have have my people put together a talent pool . I download it to you desktop . gibbon snap on the giant flatscreen on Sam 's desk . he start cycle through photo after photo of tough looking men . gibbon the usual prospect . convict , contract killer , murde ... SAM tannick the scum of the Earth . gibbon but programmable . and expendable . SAM tannick I have see enough . turn it off . gibbon click off the screen . SAM tannick they be degenerate . there 's not a man in there that would give a damn if the chinese take over . gibbon that 's exactly why we need they . Sam sigh , stare out at the information room . SAM tannick get this " scum " , Mr. gibbon , bring they in . test they . train they . find you man . CUT to : ext . skyscraper - downtown LA - night the huge ARCO tower rise up towards a moonlit sky . we see accomplice # 1 ( travis pastrana ) sneak up and take position behind a fountain . accomplice # 2 ( carey hart ) sneak across a roof and take position overlook the fountain position of # 1 . accomplice # 3 ( dave mirra ) take up position in the second story window of a flophouse HOTEL down the street . a messenger ( bob burnquist ) skate up to the front of the skyscraper with a package . he get the attention of the security guard inside . the Security Guard unlock the door and let he in . just then a van pull up and accomplice # 4 ( shaun palmer ) and # 5 ( mat hoffman ) hop out . they open up the back and a bicycle be roll out of the back by a man in a hooded jacket . jacket man roll the bike to the skyscraper and enter the lobby . int . skyscraper lobby - night the Security Guard be check he computer . security guard crump ... I be sorry , no one by that name . k the Guard glance up as jacket man get into a elevator . security guard hey ! you can not go up there ! the Security Guard rush to intercept he . the Messenger kick he skateboard out , tripping up the Security Guard . the Messenger haul ass out the door . the Security Guard pull out he walkie - talkie . security guard we have get a intruder in the express elevator ! int . elevator - night the button for " 91 - roof access " be light up . jacket man wait patiently . int . 91st floor - night this fancy office be empty for the night . the stairwell door open and a platoon of security guard rush in . they take up position in front of the elevator door armed with billy club and tasers . ding ! the elevator arrive and the door swing open . but there 's nobody inside . one Guard step forward and suddenly a bicycle swing down from the ceiling , tagging he in the face . he fall back , tasering another Guard . jacket man drop down onto he bike and pedal through the chaos before the Guards know what hit they . there 's a curvy piece of art in the room , some kind of modern art statue . jacket man ride up the artwork like a ramp and do a tabletop aerial over a divider . he hit the ground pedall , the Guards hot after he . jacket man enter a huge OPEN room with a field of cubicle in the middle . he bunny hop onto a desk and slide to a stop . he toss back he hood and we get a good look at he for the first time . he be xander cage . he 's get a shave head , bizarre tattoos all over he body and multiple piercing . he 's lean and heavily cut , even dangerous look . the Guards charge at he and he hop up onto the top of the cubicle wall . this thing be maybe four inches wide and five feet tall . he pedal across the top of the cubicle wall , the Guards scramble after he . Xander bunny hop over one guy 's head onto the next set of cubicle and pedal hard . the Guards fall all over themselves try to catch he . at the other end Xander catch air and land on a conference table . he do a wheelie across it 's length with Guards close in . Xander spring up and do a tail whip , knock they back with he rear wheel . he land and pedal to the stairwell untouched . ext . the roof - night Xander burst out of the stairwell to the top of the tallest build in downtown LA . he climb on a raised platform . from here he can drop down onto another level that be strewn with satellite dish and microwave relays . Guards rush onto the roof and try to corral he . Xander tear off he jacket , revealing a backpack on he back and video camera on he chest . he pull out a road flare and SPARKS it . we see there be soaked rag tie to he spoke . he light they with the flare . then he toss the flare off the building . ext . STREET level - night the accomplice see the flare drop . # 's 1 , 2 &amp ; 3 pull cameras out and start filming . ext . the roof - night Xander race around the roof like a trap animal . he evade Security Guards , pick up speed . with Guards right behind , he drop off the top platform and land on a massive satellite dish . use the dish as a ramp , Xander launch himself off the top of the build . we be talk 90 some storey here . he spin through the air , he bike on fire . he 's do end over end backflip . one ... two ... Three ... four ... he 's looping through space on he bike , a crazy man on a flame bike against a backdrop of sleek skyscraper and night light . the stunt be cover by the various accomplice and Xander 's own chest camera , in super 8 and digital video , from four different angle . Xander ditch the bike , kick it away from he and plummet towards the ground . at the last moment he throw out a " bucket " and he parachute open . ext . STREET level - night the bicycle come fly down and smashes into the pavement . it bounce a full two stories back up before come to rest . Xander glide down and make he landing . accomplice # 4 and # 5 rush out to help he gather up he chute and jump in the van . siren approach as the van make it 's escape . as cop car screech up to the skyscraper , one of they run over the smoking wreckage of the bike . slam to : title sequence - hardcore music play as we see a flow tapestry of florid tattoos . silhouetted against this backdrop we see the outline of nude women riding bmx bike in a half - pipe , blading ever obstacle , sky surfing and do street skate trick . it 's a collision of outlandish imagery that tell you one thing : this be not you daddy 's spy movie . dissolve to : ext . CITY street - night Xander , now on a motorcycle , zip through traffic . he 's smile , lean it way over on the turn . he 's get another backpack on he back . ext . loft district - downtown - night Xander drive he motorcycle into the garage of he building . int . xander' loft apartment - night a freight elevator rise up , bring Xander and he motorcycle into the loft . there be extreme sport action poster on the wall , motorcycle part and barbell on the floor , and everywhere there 's extreme sport equipment of every description . xander Sky , you there ? start packin ' cause we be out of here ! there 's a neatly fold flag hang in a slightly crooked frame on the wall . Xander straighten it as he go by . he hear she in the section off " bedroom " and head back there . xander do I promise you a fat vacation or what ? get ready to get down in paradise . he come into the bedroom to find sky , he long - suffer girlfriend . she 's a wannabe artist type . she 's get suitcase and box scattered around and she 's packing . xander hey , you do not need all this just to go on vacation . unless this be not for go on vacation ... sky I be through , Xander . xander I can see that . why ? sky you run around with maniac jump motorcycle in the desert , you break 36 bone crash wave runner and snowboard off cliff , all with no health insurance ... it 's insane , I can not take it anymore . xander I be have fun , what 's the problem ? sky you have all this talent , and you waste it . you will not take a single endorsement deal . meanwhile that other guy have they own video game ! but no , you have get too much " integrity " for that . xander I do not wanna go mersh , you know that . but hey , if this be about money ... he open up the backpack , revealing wad of cash . xander I get a advance on the next bootleg . let 's get out of here , just you and I . we will chill out in bora bora for a couple month . she sort through the money . sky french polynesia ? this would not last we a week in a cheap hotel . do you know how expensive it be down there ? xander alright , so I will get more . sky it 's not about the money , X ! you never plan for anything . I can not live like that anymore , I need some stability . xander well if you be bail , I guess I would better give you you surprise now . he pull off he shirt . pierce through he nipple be a diamond engagement ring . sky what ...? xander I be gonna wait till the island , but ... sky you be serious ? xander of course I be serious . I buy it , do not I ? sky ( shake she head ) this be so typical . I can not believe you . I have barely see you for the last three week and now this ? be you out of you mind ? xander I do not know . I think this be what you want . you want stability , here it be . sky you can not just propose to I out of nowhere . you think that 's go to solve we problem ? I be sorry , X . it be a kick for a while , but it 's over . you be just not go anywhere . xander you be not exactly " go anywhere " yourself . sky you be wrong about that . I be head out that door right now . she head towards the front door . just then the door blows in . crash ! -- the window smash in too . then the light go out as stormtrooper in black body armor rush in , weapon draw . it 's a blur of flashlight , pistol and jack boot . it 's scary as hell . a professional take - down . they slam Xander against the wall . just like that it 's quiet again . Sky hyperventilate , a gun in she face . xander she have nothing to do with the tower jump . she 's nobody . I just meet she last night . tell they . ( with meaning ) I hardly know you . the stormtrooper look at Sky . she nod . the stormtrooper take they gun off she . Sky grab up here stuff . she look back at Xander . sky keep the ring . it look better on you anyways . she head out . xander God , I hate cop . what 's the charge this time ? the stormtrooper pull out a dart gun and shoot Xander . he pull a chrome dart from he chest , examine it . xander ( groggy ) you ... pussy ... Xander slide to the floor . fade to black . int . pan' diner - day a sideways image : a out of focus coffee creamer . Xander wake up with he head on the counter of a diner . he shake out the cobweb . xander what the hell ? whip pan as a waitress walk by . Xander blink . xander hey . where be I ? how do I get here ? waitress I do not know , you wander in ten minute ago and put you head down . I tell you we be close . Xander look around , see a trucker chew with he mouth open . a salesman bury in he newspaper . Xander get up . where the hell be he ? he take a step towards the door . waitress want some coffee ? xander huh ? the waitress pour he coffee . quick push to : she hand be shaking . xander you alright ? waitress ( smile ) Fine , just fine . come on and sit . I will get you something to eat . xander yeah , sure . Xander sit . when he swig he coffee , he notice something write on he napkin in shaky ballpoint : " s.o.s . " what the hell ? he look at the trucker . the trucker 's stare at the waitress . quick push to : the trucker have a bulge underneath he vest ... then push to : the salesman 's eye darting about suspiciously , newspaper pull up to he nose . something be go down ... he hear a slowed down voice and glance back at the trucker , who 's now fix he with a death stare . Xander snap from he reverie . xander what ? trucker I say , you get a problem , boy ? xander Problem ? no , no problem . you go right ahead . trucker with what ? I say , go right on ahead with what ? xander whatever , dude . the trucker and the salesman look at each other . suddenly they jump up . the trucker pull a pistol from he vest , the salesman brandish the shotgun he have behind the paper . the waitress cringe . trucker alright , nobody make a move ! ( to Xander ) shoulda walk away when you have the chance , dumb shit . salesman forget he , Buck , let 's just do it . trucker shut up ! ( in Xander 's face ) you keep still or I be gonna make damn sure you stop breathe today . get that ? Xander stay strangely calm , he sense now fully focus . xander ( shrug ) alright , " Buck " , whatever you say . the waitress let 's out a whimper . trucker keep you gotdam mouth shut and empty that register ! could not just let he leave , could ya ! you know what I be gonna do to ya for that ? huh ? do ya ?! she go to open the register and knock a tray of glass on the floor . Xander spring into action . he chop down on the trucker 's arm and elbow he in the face . Xander twist the gun out of he hand and kick he leg out from under he . the salesman pump on he shotgun , but it seem to be jamme . xander better shoot I quick . the salesman fight with he gun but can not get it to work . Xander advance on he . xander too late ! he unleash with a series of rapid front kick to the jaw . the salesman go crash through the kitchen door . Xander turn to the terrify waitress . xander alright , bitch , what 's go on ? she stare at he , unable to speak . he raise the gun . xander talk ! what 's the game ? who be you people ? the front door bell jingles . a guy with a impeccably tailore suit and a cane hobble in . it 's gibbon . there a problem , Mr. cage ? xander who the hell be you ? gibbon the name 's gibbon . you be say ? xander what be this place ? gibbon look like a diner . xander diner , huh ? let I tell you what the problem be . I wake up drugge to find what ? you have get a " salesman " over here read a three week old newspaper . he 's pull a 211 with a " trucker " , who happen to be pack a cop issue h&amp ; k 'mm . I get tip that something be go down when she pass I a note . how 's that for twisted logic ? how do she know there be trouble unless they pull the gun before I " walk " in ? and if that 's true , why would they stop and wait until I wake up to gaffle the money ? then I notice how beefy they both be . Hell , even the waitress be cut . all three of they look like they go through the same training program . ergo they be not stranger and this be not what it seem . that 's how I know yo - yo would not get a round off even if I give he all day . why ? he aim at the waitress and fire ! she 's startle , but unhurt . xander cuz there 's nothing but blank in this gun . and no offense , but they performance be terrible . Xander toss the gun on the counter . gibbon give a sly smile . gibbon not bad . not bad at all . have a seat . gibbon sit in a booth . Xander sit across from he . in the background the waitress help the trucker and salesman up . gibbon most guy we run through this either take off or help they rob the place . I expect you to do the same . xander that show I already that you do not have a clue . what 's it to you , anyway ? gibbon whether you think this be for real or not , you jump in and help the waitress on instinct . that tell I something about you character . xander good for you . now why do not you stop waste my time and tell I what you want . you do not go through all this for my benefit . gibbon it 's you lucky day . you just might get the chance to pay back we wonderful country for all the freedom you enjoy . xander a fed , I shoulda know . who else would have this kind of budget ? now you be gonna hit I with the sale pitch . gibbon alright , cage , you have get I . this be one of that moment . " many be call , few be choose " , that kind of thing . you government need you . be you up for the challenge ? xander .. if you be trolling around for narc , man , have you get the wrong guy . gibbon why be that ? xander look at I , dude , do I look like a fan of law enforcement ? forget the test , you shoulda just ask I . I woulda save you a lot of trouble . gibbon oh I do not know , I think the test work pretty well . sometimes they give I answer you would not admit to in a million year . xander be we do now ? you have get nothing on I . so if you be not book I , I be walk . gibbon you have get this wrong . you be not under arrest , you have be abduct . and until I say different , you belong to I . xander be that a fact ? gibbon sure as gravity . I have have a feel about you from the start , cage . it 's nausea . xander ( smile ) you know what I hate ? any scumbag with a clean shirt and a bad haircut can get one of that tin star and suddenly they think they be God . gibbon ( smile ) you know what I hate ? it 's always the asshole that pass the test . there 's a pop and Xander clutches he stomach . gibbon toss he dart gun onto the table . Xander blink at he . he pull another chrome dart from he gut and examine it . xander you bastard love to see I sleep . whack ! he go face down on the table . CUT to black : close on - xander' face he come to , blink in low red light . he 's shocked to find that he 's ... int . airplane - twilight Xander 's on the floor of a military aircraft . two other tough guy be waking up next to he . one 's a greaser name virg , the other be t.j. , ex - navy . Xander notice as they each pull out chrome dart . they sit up , look at each other . Xander chuckle . virg what 's so damn funny ? xander be to any good diner lately ? the three laugh , realize they be all in the same boat . t.j. we must be the final " candidate " . they quiet down as they notice for the first time , they be not alone . sitting silently on bench face they be soldier dressed in black . they wear black mask over they face . they be a nasty look black ops team . xander nobody tell I this be a costume party . the Black ops team , just stare . t.j. I have work with guy like this before . Black ops . serious government spook . virg notice something strapped to he body . they all have they . virg head up , man . what 's this thing on my back ? xander a parachute . this do not argue well . then the red light switch to GREEN . one of the Soldiers open the jump door . the rest of the team advance on Xander , virg and t.j. virg this be bullshit ! hey ! they drag virg to the door and throw he out . t.j. go next , kick and fight . then they turn on Xander . xander I get the picture . Xander jump out on he own . we see he tumble away from the airplane . Far below he chute blossom OPEN . ext . a field - twilight we see three chute come down . the first two hit hard . we rocket in on the last chute as Xander land like a pro . the other guy run up to he . then they hear shout in spanish . virg jee-zus , man ! what the hell now ? another damn test ? t.j. we should head for that tree . xander do not look at I , brother . it 's every man for himself . they wrestle out of they chute and push past each other as they take off in different direction . Xander run low down a culvert . there 's shout all around . he flatten down and crawl up over the rise . what he see stun he . xander you gotta be kid I . we crane up to reveal a field of pot plant . there 's a cocaine processing plant along the field 's edge . the whole place look exactly like a Central american drug farm . narco terrorist run around with AK - 47' . Xander sneak past equipment cover in camouflage netting . a squad of narcos run by and Xander make he move . he round another pile of equipment and come right into the headlight of a truck . narcos hop out and charge forward . Xander raise he hand . xander you boy be too good for I . guess I fail this one , huh ? they grab he and haul he away . int . torture room - night we see a rusty meat hook . a chain be wrap around it . attach to the chain , he arm over he head , be Xander . he 's in the middle of a bleak look room . there be bloodstain on the wooden wall , the floor strewn with filthy hay . behind he against the wall Xander see t.j. and virg both hog - tied . xander so much for " every man for himself " . Nice to see you again , fella . t.j. they really go all out on this one . this be a pretty gnarly setup . virg check the table in the corner . there 's a blood stained towel covering a table near the door . xander this oughta be good . then they hear talk outside and the door be unlocked . a very nasty look Marco come in . by he look he 's the leader . xander this must be el jefe . how 's it goin ' jefe ? some weather we be havin' . narco Guards bring in one of they parachute and toss it on the floor . they exit , close the door behind they . jefe go to the table throw back the towel . beneath it be hideous , blood encrusted torture device : a hack saw , a bolt cutter , knive , chisel , a blow torch . xander what 's on the menu tonight ? the old blowtorch - to- the-family jewel routine , I will bet . hey , you want roast nut , let 's break out the planters . t.j. and virg both crack up . jefe give they a wither look . jefe do you know what we do with people come round here ? you know what we do with people come in we business ? jefe pass he hand over the various tool . he finally settles on a crude machete . he walk amongst they brandish it . jefe we cut the Achilles tendon . you foot flop around like a marionette . you be not walkin ' nowhere no more . sound good , tough guy ? or maybe instead you wanna tell I something . he stop in front of Xander . jefe whatchu do here ? xander oh , I do not know . it be a accident . jefe that 's some accident , hombre . you accidentally fall out of a plane in the middle of the night and land up in my back yard . he backhand Xander across the face . jefe we see this kind of parachute before , you know . U.S. Army . you get some friend here , jump out with you guy ? xander we be anti-social . we do not have any friend . jefe slap he again . jefe no friend , huh ? that 's funny , I do not know no U.S. Army that come without no friend . that 's cuz U.S. Army be pussy . they always come with the five hundred guy and the helicopter and the see-in- the-dark glass . so do not you tell I you all alone out here , my friend . you bullshit the wrong guy . Xander look over at t.j. and virg . xander who 's write this dude 's dialogue ? virg he 's a pretty good actor , though . t.j. make the diner look like a sixth grade play . he 's even get they crazy eye . jefe you be not begin to see crazy yet , amigo . xander we be on to the game , ese . you get the fake blood splatter all over the wall , you get you torture tool ... it 's all very cute . but come on , let 's quit while you be ahead . I be only try to save you a beatin ' . jefe you save I ? you talk pretty tough for a guy get himself chain to the ceiling . xander ( shrug ) alright . you wanna eat through a tube , be my guest . jefe now you be gonna make I enjoy this , funny guy . now I be gonna take the whole foot off . whatchu think of that ? a low thumping be hear outside . it 's the sound of approach helicopter , lot of they . then the night erupt in gunfire . it sound like a full scale assault outside . jefe what 's that , eh ? I think you do not have no friend ! jefe go into a fury . he swing he machete at Xander 's leg . Xander jump up , grab on to the chain above , and kick jefe in the chest . jefe fall back and Xander climb up to the roof beam . he grab onto the beam with he leg and unhook he chain from the meat hook . he drop down , six foot of chain still hang from he cuffed wrist , and jefe come charge at he . Xander dodge a few wild swing . he grab jefe 's pant cuff and dump he on he ass . jefe scramble to he foot , draw he pistol . Xander swing he chain and whip the gun out of jefe 's hand . with another swing he wrap the chain around jefe 's neck and pull it teach . xander key . you get them ? jefe nod , choke , and reach into he pocket . xander Hand them to I . instead jefe hurl they out the window . xander I hope you be get pay extra for this . Xander jerk the chain , slamm jefe head first into the wall . jefe drop , knock out . outside it sound like a full scale firefight . Xander get the machete and cut the rope hold t.j. and virg . then a hail of bullet spray through the room . all three guy hit the deck but t.j. get shot . he clutches he side , blood all over he hand . t.j. I be hit ! I be hit ! virg they be shoot for real ! this be all real . Xander know this be true . xander aw shit . he check out t.j. 's wound . xander help I with this guy . virg it 's like you say , every man for himself . virg bolt for the door . xander that only work if you be a man ! ext . drug farm - night narcos be shouting , run to and for . tracer round cut through the air . they be try to repel a unseen assault force . overhead six military helicopter buzz the compound like apocalypse now , they night sun lighting up the place . Xander come out of the torture building hold t.j. in a fireman 's carry . his hand be still cuffed , the length of chain drag . Xander crouch behind some equipment , put t.j. on the ground . xander you alright ? t.j. I use to be a seal , it 's not the first time I have be shot . thanks , man . xander keep you head down , I will be right back . I be gonna steal we some wheel . Xander move on , find cover under the camouflage netting . he can see narcos shoot into the tree at the unseen enemy . look the other way , he spot virg run back he way . he 's be corral by one of the helicopter . he 's zigzagge , try to stay out of the beam of it 's night Sun . Xander dart out and grab he , pull he under the camouflage netting . virg they be all over the place ! what the hell 's go on ? xander look like we be in the middle of the drug war . the helicopter light up the camouflage netting . they be pin down . xander alright Mr. free-for-all , you go that way , I be gonna go this way . they can not follow we both . they squat down in runner stance , the helicopter kick up dust all around they . xander go ! they jet off in opposite direction . Xander book , run for all he 's worth . his cuffed hand and the dangle chain make it difficult . he 's head straight into the field of pot plant . suddenly the massive spotlight pick he out . xander shit ! the chopper swoops down after he . its big gatling gun turn , aim right at he . braaaaaaaappp ! the gun cut loose , tear up the ground right behind he . Xander sprint , the chopper after he like cary grant in " North by Northwest " , except instead of corn field , Xander 's run through a field of huge marijuana plant . Xander hit the deck and the chopper soar over he . Xander cut over a couple row and hunker down amongst the plant . all around he it 's a chaos of helicopter and gunfire . two chopper attack the factory building , blasting it with they gun . narcos run terrify . Xander notice a fat purple bud on the plant right in front of he . he snap it off . xander I be gonna need to hit the tree after a night like this . he tuck it - into he shirt and take off through the pot forest . Xander finally spot a vehicle . it 's a truck laden with bail of cocaine . he head for it . then the spotlight find he again and the chopper swing around . the gatling gun rip the plant to piece all around he . Xander haul ass , head for the truck . bullet chew up the dirt all around he . as the helicopter pass overhead , it 's gun rake the truck . there be a flash as the gas tank go up . whoooopphh ! a supernova of FIRE and high - grade coke erupt into the night air . Xander dive into a drainage ditch . he tumble down into filthy water . a powdery cloud wash over he , dusting the tree white . near he be a big drainpipe leeching sewage . Xander crawl inside . the chopper make another pass overhead . the big spotlight play over the area , then move on . Xander give a sigh of relief . he crawl out of the drainpipe . jeep race by on the road right above he as military men flood the compound . there 's no go back . Xander turn and make he way along the tree line . the chopper and gunfire be in the distance now . thing be quieter here and he start to relax . bad idea . as he go by , one of the tree move . he take a few more step and the grass he just walk on explode upward . arm reach out , tackle Xander from behind . another team of black ops soldier burst from the weed , the bush , all perfectly camouflage like the landscape . they fall on he like a curtain . xander be p.o.v . - Soldiers hold he down while a black hood be pull over he head . fade to black . int . airplane hanger - day as the massive hanger door close we can see chopper take off and landing . mexican soldier load jefe and he narcos onto a federale bus . virg resist and be beaten . t.j. can be see be load into a ambulance . the hanger door slide shut with a thud . we see Xander 's hand as the chain be cut away . Xander sit in a chair with the black hood still over he head . he blink when the hood be tear off . a Black ops soldier smirk as he walk away . Xander look around , see the Black ops team unpack some strange gear . two of they be dump bottle of a clear liquid into a rusty clawfoot bathtub . xander Nice of you to draw I a bath . be it Saturday already ? the Black ops guy grin knowingly . on the other side , Xander see a flight crew readying a gulfstream for travel . gibbon step up from behind he . gibbon congratulation , you have just graduate at the head of you class . xander you be a cold piece of work . you almost get three people kill out there . gibbon good thing you be there to save the day . come walk with I . Xander get up and gibbon lead he on a stroll around the gibbon you have really get I confuse , cage . on the one hand you show leadership , courage under fire , a willingness to protect man you hardly know ... and on the other you have a arrest record that peg you as near sociopathic . help I out here . I be not follow you evolution . xander you want the cheap backstory ? the runaway mom , the suicide dad and the foster home ? gimme a break . you be not interested in my past , you be interested in my future as some kind of spy . gibbon you be perceptive too . I forget to add that to the list of surprise . I be with the National Security Agency . and unlikely as it may sound , I need you help . xander I be not interested . I have already get a job . gibbon you be a adrenaline junkie with one foot in the penitentiary . you risk you ass building a daredevil myth that mean nothing and you be not get any young . xander I plan on get a lot older . and play spy game sound like a quick way to get yourself dead . gibbon that 's too bad . I think a guy like you would appreciate the challenge . as they walk by the Black ops guy , Xander see they be get busy . one spread out a plastic dropcloth . another plug in a bone saw . xander what 's this ? you be gonna try to scare I now ? gibbon grab a chicken leg from a guy eat lunch . gibbon do you know the reason why I try to recruit guy like you ? there 's no risk . he toss it into the tub . instantly it start to sizzle and bubble . the tub be full of acid . gibbon there 's nobody back home who 's gonna ask question if you just ... disappear for a while . in second the entire leg have be consume , leave only a oily cloud of residue . gibbon eye he coldly , nail the point home . xander now I be the one who 's nauseous . so what 's the deal ? what do you need I for ? gibbon there 's some folk I want to keep tabs on . dirty , tattooe , uncivilize . you kind of people . xander what do I get out of it ? gibbon if you find out what I want to know , and if I be able to successfully use that information , you get to go back to you degenerate little life . if not , you take a bath . xander you be one sick bastard . a sadist with a badge look to rope I in to a suicide mission . I think no matter which way I go I be likely to wind up face down on a sheet of plastic . so here 's my answer : kiss my ass , hop -along . gibbon kick the back of Xander 's leg and dump he on he ass . gibbon be so quick , Xander never see it come . the Black ops guy clap and cheer , always interested in a fight . xander not bad for a gimp . gibbon what 's with that " X " on the back of you head ? do that mean you be " extreme " ? I have get some news for you , Mr. X , you be a three time loser . so maybe you should tattoo another couple of X 's on you head . Xander get up . xander I will take that under advisement . maybe I can be like you and lose a leg for the old star and bar . I bet the flag 's a great comfort every time you need help climb stair . gibbon lunge and grab Xander 's throat in the vice- like grip of he thumb and middle finger . gibbon one twitch and my finger and thumb will meet inside you esophagus . believe I , Mr. X , I have put foot to ass for my country on many occasion and I do not feel the urge to stop just yet . so think carefully before you tell I : be " kiss my ass , hop - along " you final answer ? the finger be so powerful that Xander be paralyse . he look over , see the bone see start revving . xander ( choke ) no . gibbon release he grip . gibbon I think you might see it my way . then Xander start walk away . gibbon where you go , X ? I say where you go ? the Black ops guy grab weapon , ready to stop he . xander you tell I . Xander climb up the step of the gulfstream . xander there better be a movie on this goddam flight . int . gulfstream - day Xander sit with gibbon in big leather chair . they be surround by NSA agent in suit . a nerdy agent snap a anklet around Xander 's ankle . xander how about a pedicure as long as you be down there . what 's this ? lo- Jack ? gibbon wherever you go on the planet , I will find you . there 's no quit . if you try to take it off , a ring of needle will inject enough curare into you bloodstream to kill you before you hit the ground . be all that clear ? xander yeah , I spy or I die . int . empty first CLASS lounge - sunset Orange light flood this beautiful airline lounge . there 's a fully stock bar , a snack table , all unused . that 's because it 's be seal off for NSA use . ( note : perfect product placement opportunity for a airline ) . Xander , gibbon and he Men be all silhouett against the smoke glass window . the nerdy agent hand Xander a Palm Pilot size electronic device . nerdy agent this be you communicator . you will identify yourself by a call sign . from here on out you be bulldog omega 5 . xander you must stay up late to come up with shit like that . gibbon I expect you to call in regularly with progress report . xander Fine , but I be not gonna be no bulldog omega 5 . gibbon check he watch . they get up and start walk . int . airport terminal - sunset the phalanx of Agents surround Xander and gibbon as they walk to the gate . the nerdy agent hurry to catch up . agent uh ... call sign derive from the parameter of the mission . gibbon if he do not like it , we can make a exception just this once . we will call he " triple X " . they walk past the gate , down the jet-way , the Agents flash badge to the gate worker . xander up yours . gibbon crude and defiant as always , triple X . it fit so well because you be obscene . Xander be the last one to board the plane . xander be that all ? gibbon just remember , I will be watch . as the door close , he look back at gibbon and he phalanx of Agents . xander I have get something for you to chew on . next time you send someone to save the world , make sure they like the planet the way it be . the jet 's door close . int . commercial jet - night Xander be in the last row against the bulkhead . he 's get a personal dvd player and headphone and he 's review he mission . the high - tech screen show photo , map , cool graphic . the kid sit across the aisle lean over for a look . kid what game be that ? xander slick graphic , huh ? see this dude ? they be call " anarchy 99 " , they be the bad guy boss . kid do they have any special power ? the boss always have special power . xander you wanna check it out ? come here . the kid move to the seat next to Xander . onscreen see photo of the five bad guy from the open sequence . we dive in to the computer as Xander describe they . for each of the bad , we will see 3-d photo and video clip , all enhance with computer graphic and pop - up menus . xander first we have get ander , the psycho look biker . in charge of transportation and smuggle . control every truck union in Eastern Europe . do not look too clean , either . we see ander , the wild - eye and unclean swedish biker , against a backdrop of motorcycle and muscle car . xander next we get a siberian redneck , viktor . into snowmobile and snowboard . so naturally , he cover prostitution and the drug trade . kid naturally . we see viktor , with the goatee and belly , do some hairy snowboard . kid this guy 's kinda dorky lookin' . xander kirill , the sniper . look like a bookworm , but he have 72 confirm kill in Chechnya , they call he the " finger of God " . assassination and weapon . we see kirill in uniform with he well use sniper rifle . kid who 's the hottie ? he indicate petra , the tough gangster chick . with she leather and tattoos she look like she could mop up the floor with lara Croft . xander you like she , huh ? petra . she run they finances , money launder , computer . join the gang after spend some time as the girlfriend of this dude , yorgi azar Zimin . capo of anarchy 99 . finally we see yorgi , the unlikely look mafiya Don . we see crime scene photo that illustrate he exploit . xander yorgi mastermind the take - over of three Red mafiya clan . cop call it " blood week " . he combine all of they global enterprise into one huge crime syndicate : anarchy 99 . kid ( skeptically ) " anarchy " 99 " ? xander what be you gonna do ? they be Euro - trash . kid what weapon do you have ? Xander click on " inventory " . he scroll through a staggering array of weapon and vehicle . xander just about anything I want , it look like . this be gonna be tough , though . there 's no way to save this game . I gotta get it right the first time through . kid what do you get if you finish ? xander nothing , really . my guy be just do it to stay alive . kid oh . I bet by the end he get something out of it . xander like what ? kid he get to be the hero . the kid 's mom call he back to he seat . Xander look at the kid , then get back to he research . dissolve to : ext . prague - day we crane up from the cobblestone STREET as a beat - up car race by . we rise up , revealing prague in all it 's glory . int . beat - up car - moving Xander sit in the back , wedge between two identical looking tough guy . if you be to call Central caste and ask for a couple of cold war spy type , this be what they would send . they be both 6 ' 4 " , have sloppily cut hair , square jaw , wrinkle overcoat . xander this be bullshit , man , I wanna see some id . the two tough guy flash they cop id 's . Xander study they . " ivan pedgrag " and " ivan podrov " . xander you be both name Ivan ? that 's gotta be confusing on Valentine 's Day . so where we head ? fellas , I say where we head ? ( beat ) yeah , whatever . he look out the window , see a grand HOTEL . they drive right on by . ext . dirty apartment build - day it 's a crumble old dump in a nasty part of town . Xander shake he head . xander James bond never have to put up with this shit . Ivan 1 pull Xander 's gear bag from the trunk and throw it on the sidewalk . Xander pick it up and carry it into the building . int . dirty apartment - day dumpy furniture , roach , crack window . Xander be ushere in . there 's another guy in a ugly suit wait . he be detective milan slovo . slovo sit down . xander I have be on a plane for twelve hour , I think I will stand . Ivan 1 shove he into a chair . slovo my name be slovo , Czech secret police . when you be here you be under my jurisdiction , you take my order , you do what I say . if you become any kind of a inconvenience , I will shoot you . xander here we go again . slovo you be here because you government be put pressure on my government . this be a internal affair , a Czech affair , that you be interfere with . I will warn you once : do not shit in my lawn . get whatever information you government seek and get we . xander first of all , you should kill whoever sell you that suit . two , I do not wanna be here either , so just step off . Three , if you have the authority to shoot I you would have do it by now , so just ease up on the machismo , bitch . now that we have get that sort out , I be gonna get some rest . Xander lay down on the bed . slovo stare , burn with hatred . he head to the door . slovo be ready in three hour . slovo exit . ivan 1 &amp ; 2 stay , stare at Xander . ext . half - pipe DISCO - night a fancy , flashy disco with a extreme sport theme . a big bouncer in a leather coat work the door . this be a highclass , expensive joint but it still look seedy and dangerous . Xander and slovo walk up to the place . Xander 's wear a tshirt that say " ron jeremy : american legend " complete with a photo of the hedgehog . int . half - pipe DISCO - night a stripper that look like a runway model slide across the stage on skateboard knee - pad while patron cheer . the disco be a combination strip -club and concert venue . all the stripper be outfit in helmet , elbow pad , g-string and belly shirt . there 's a warped tour band play on a stage . on either side of the stage be two mini - half pipe that the girl be cut back and forth on . wealthy businessmen sit in plush booth get table dance while the dance floor be pack with sexily dress young hipster . Xander get a beer from a buxom cocktail waitress on in - line skate . xander Nice hop . slovo the corner . anarchy 99 . slovo point they out in the far corner . they be surround by straight face bodyguard . what anarchy 99 be do in they booth with the stripper look like led Zeppelin on tour . booze , broad , good time ... this guy be live like rock star . they be all here : ander the biker , viktor , kirill . in the middle sit yorgi and petra . petra 's wear a " I am evil " tshirt . slovo see the one with the funny color hair ? crazy bitch stab one of my man in the knee-cap . there they be , american . the low - rent millionaire criminal . and you think only you country have white trash . american ? he look around but Xander be go . he head for the exit , push he way through the crowd . but then he spot he , not by the door but deeper in the club . slovo oh no ! he see Xander walk right up to the anarchy 99 booth and start talk to they . slovo Jesus Christ ! slovo can not hear a thing , but they be obviously interested in what he have to say . next thing he know Xander be point at he and wave he over . slovo ( horrify ) what the hell ...? slovo make he way through the crowd to the booth . yorgi look he up and down . xander that 's the guy . yorgi this pizda ? never see he before . xander ( to slovo ) who you workin ' for ? what do you do for a live , dickhead ? slovo uh ... I be ... I work in insurance . Xander grab slovo and start search he . slovo ( panicked whisper ) what the hell be you do ? he slam slovo up against the wall and pull out slovo 's police badge . xander look what we have here . Czech 5 - 0 on the mack . the bodyguard pull out gun and slovo rush for the emergency exit in a panic . in second he 's out and go . yorgi cop . like a plague . no matter how many you pay there 's always another with he hand out . how do you pick he out ? xander he flashed he badge to half the bar when he buy he drink . yorgi I appreciate you bring this to we attention . whatever you want , the rest of the night , consider it on the house . yorgi wave over some stripper . xander thanks , but I be here on business . I hear you be the G around here . I be look for some car , expensive one . a lot of they . yorgi sorry , man , do not know what you be talk about . xander I be talk about the sport car that disappear off the dock in genoa and wind up here . if you do not know about them , who do ? yorgi nod and the bodyguard step in front of Xander . xander I guess I hear wrong . Xander turn to leave . that 's when ander notice the " X " tattoo on the back of Xander 's head . he get excited and alert yorgi . yorgi Xander cage ! Xander turn . suddenly they whole demeanor change . all five guy get up , awed , and push the bodyguard out of the way . ander the X man ! we see you bootleg video ! viktor you sick ! you sick crazy on a board , on a bike ! everything ! yorgi this be insane , man . Xander cage in Prague . come on , sit . sit with we . yorgi signal for more drink . yorgi I remember that one where you jump the motorcycle over the freeway at rush hour . xander when else be you gonna do it ? viktor you almost die on that one . xander cop arrest I while I be still in surgery . do two month . yorgi we see all you shit ! so you want car ? we get whatever car you need . what be you look for ? xander Ferrari 's , lamborghini 's ... high end pasta rocket . ten to start . ander ten ! no problem ! we do that no problem ! petra elbow ander . petra ten be hardly worth the effort . we be talk a lousy million five U.S. xander I have japanese buyer who be look to move a fleet , if you have the quality of merchandise they be after . and it 's a mile two , max . petra glance at yorgi who nod . petra do you know what a wire transfer be ? xander be she for real ? honey , maybe you should quiet down and let the grownup have a conversation . petra my goodness , a word with four syllable . I should get some ice before you brain get too hot . xander sure . just chisel some off you heart . petra ( smile ) so cute . he show up for a battle of wit with a mental butter knife . Xander look to yorgi . yorgi ( laugh ) do not look at I , X , she handle all the detail . xander it will work faster if I have a account number . petra scrawl number on a cocktail napkin . petra you will have forty - eight hour to complete the transfer . do not waste we time . Xander snatch the napkin . xander would not dream of it . I be even gonna throw in a few extra buck to send you to charm school . petra glare at he . yorgi alright , now that business be finish , we party ! bitches , come ! we have a drink and toast the deal ! yorgi clap and a flock of stripper descend on the booth . anarchy 99 lift they glass . Xander join in the toast . xander I believe I can hang with you fella for a while . int . underground headquarters - hallway - morning we see the feet of agent polk sprinting down the hallway . int . ultimate information room - morning agent Polk look around , spot gibbon . he rush to he , wave a communiqu . gibbon grab the communiqu , read it . he look up , stunne . int . dirty apartment - day Xander be have coffee at he window when he communicator ring . xander ( into phone ) I guess you get my e-mail . I set up a purchase . ten car . intercut with gibbon in information room gibbon if you be try to push my button , you be on the right track . do not make I question my own judgment , x. xander buddy , you send I here to get close to they organization , that cost money . gibbon one point two million dollar ? I do not authorize you to spend one point two million dollar ! xander I be already on a first name basis with this dude , I get a deal set up , you want I to hammer it or not ? gibbon we be not after car thief here . xander what the hell be I after ? you be tell I dick . gibbon that information be classified . you be there to gather information on they operation , period . xander call I crazy , but I think hook up a million dollar deal be a great way to get on they good side . what else ? you gonna hassle I about the weapon and spy stuff too ? gibbon my friend , if you be plan on crossing I ... xander I know , poison needle in my shin . you have get 36 hour . peace , out . Xander hang up . int . SAM tannick's office - day gibbon stand before Sam 's desk . Sam scan over the communiqu . SAM tannick ridiculous . cut he off . I be sorry gibbon , you pull up a shark this time . gibbon I think we should send he whatever he want . SAM tannick you what ? a wire transfer of this size ? gibbon if it mean get Silent night back , absolutely . SAM tannick you be talk about a very expensive risk here . gibbon he 's get closer in 24 hour than all of the other operative combine . he get we a account number to boot . now even if he 's just dumb and lucky , I say we back he play . ( beat ) I put he out there , Sam . if he do not come up with the money , they will kill he . I can not let that happen . SAM tannick why not ? you be go to throw he in a tub full of acid , be not you ? gibbon smile . SAM tannick alright , do what you want . but keep the screw on he . he 's a wild card . that could be either good or bad . gibbon so the odd be up to fifty - fifty ? I can deal with that . CUT to : ext . czech police build - rooftop - day a helicopter come fly in , a man stand out on the strut . he 's a disgruntled gadget wrangler from the NSA . his name be toby lee shaver . slovo and Xander watch from a distance as a series of metal case be unload by czech cop . slovo let out a low whistle . slovo you government must know something we do not . shaver walk up to they . shaver hate that russkie chopper . rattle - trap piece of garbage . I be agent shaver . Toby Lee shaver . I be look for what 's he name . Three X ' 's . xander that 's would be I . shaver give he a disapprove look . shaver figure . you get someplace we can spread out my gear or what ? I mean today . slovo gesture towards the stair and shaver march off , mutter to himself . slovo I will leave you two alone to talk . xander yeah , thanks a lot . int . czech police build - basement training area - day down in the basement there be a shoot range along one wall . a squad of czech cop be blasting away . they become distract by the noise in the middle of the room . one of the metal box have be drop by a cop . the rest be spread out in front of Xander , slovo and shaver . shaver back off , just go away you klutz . alright , here 's the story . the item in this case belong to I . I design they , build they , and be go to use they in the field myself until you show up . xander I steal you beat , huh ? guess you forget to brown - nose the right people . shaver be that suppose to be funny ? I be not laugh . I have work for ten year to get my shot at be a field agent , funny boy . and be the last minute I get bump by you , some reject from the ozzfest . xander why do not you show I some gear before you get hurt . shaver listen to you . right away , sir , anything you say , sir . shaver pop open the first metal case . Inside be various gadget laid into the mold carbon fiber lining . xander what be all this ? I do not even order some of this stuff . shaver hold up a small metal ball . shaver you be gonna need it , rookie , trust I . the metal ball unroll into a six legge robot insect . shaver a all - terrain mobile video monitoring system for surveillance . I call it the " roach cam " . see the little camera it 's get for a head ? Xander pick it up . xander kinda look like you . shaver snatch it back . he put on a metal glove , it 's finger be sharp talon . shaver " terminator " climb claw . he clamp the claw onto the metal case . it hold fast . shaver miniature power cam set in on contact , give you a sure grip on any surface . xander they come in any other style or color ? he toss the glove aside , pull out a dart gun . shaver this be you standard dart gun . xander that one I be real familiar with . shaver display a case of dart . shaver you have get you chromium knock - out dart , microphone listen dart , explosive dart , even one with a splatter blood packet , whatever you need . they also come in a special 9 mm case for use with you service pistol . Xander pull out some super binoculars . shaver multi-view binocular . nine different enhance vision mode , plus a digital camera . Xander look through they , start cycle through the different mode . binocular p.o.v. - we see the various mode as Xander scan the grounds . shaver infrare , starlight ... even a special " penetrator " mode to see through wall , curtain , almost anything ... Xander aim at the shoot range . binocular p.o.v. - we see through the clothes of the female cop on the shoot range . ( pg - 13 style , of course ) . we can even see the inner working of they gun . one of the female cop turn and give Xander a approve look . xander I think I will hang on to this . shaver think again , that 's government property . you have to sign for everything . I have get one more that be not on you list . shaver pull out a jumpsuit . xander from the beastie boy collection ? shaver it 's a stakeout suit . it 's get food , water , recording gear , anything you need for covert spying . it 's all - weather , fire retardant , and if you give this buckle a sharp pull , the whole outfit deploy into a parachute . xander you be joke , right ? shaver just give he a deadpan look . shaver now that I have give you the overview , we be go to spend the next couple hour go into extensive operational detail . xander I think that be in detail . as shaver drone on , Xander hang he head . ext . warehouse district - day the ten black market european sport car be load on two transport truck . mafiya bodyguard keep watch . the ivan ( in teamster garb ) inspect the car while Xander supervise . ander hover around he . ander so what you think ? beautiful ! sitting in a office watch be yorgi , kirill and petra . petra have a laptop . yorgi have it arrive yet ? petra check she computer . on screen she 's monitoring they bank account . petra nothing . he have two day . yorgi perhaps he be not all he say he be . outside the ivan nod approval and Xander head to the office . yorgi look to kirill , who put he hand on he pistol . Xander open the door . xander very nice . I be impressed . yorgi I be somewhat less so . we seem to have a bit of a problem ... just then petra 's computer beeps and the money flood into they account . Xander hold up a cell phone and smile . xander I have to inspect the merchandise first . yorgi of course . he nod for kirill to stand down . outside - the two transport truck be drive off by the ivan . as they pull out they reveal another car under a cover . xander what 's this ? yorgi this be a gift . from I to you . ander pull off the cover , revealing a cherry ' 72 pontiac gto . yorgi it 's a little nothing , you take it . Xander check out he new ride . yorgi get in the passenger seat . yorgi come on , get in . Xander sit behind the wheel and start it up . the big engine roar . xander you be alright , yorgi . next door to the warehouse sit a abandoned build . up on the slope roof , slovo spy down on the transaction . he 's get a camera with a big zoom lens . slovo smile , bychara . slovo snap a few picture but he view be obscure . to get a better vantage , he jump down onto a lower part of the roof . crunch ! his foot break through the shabby roof tile . down below , kirill hear the noise . kirill yorgi ! they all look to the abandon building . through the second floor window they can see slovo 's leg poke through the ceiling . Xander be take aback . yorgi what in the hell ...? yorgi turn to Xander , go for he pistol . think fast , Xander do the same . they draw simultaneously and hold the gun to each other 's head as they sit in the car . petra , kirill and ander draw as well , all of they cover Xander . yorgi what 's go on , my friend ? xander you tell I ! you get a sniper up there or what ? yorgi he 's not with we , Xander . he must be with you . xander ( he cock the hammer ) bullshit ! you get you boy off that roof or I swear to God I be gonna give you another hole to breathe out of . yorgi stare , finally believe he . he lower he gun . yorgi get he ! find out who he be ! by now slovo be down the fire escape . he hit the ground and go run down the street . the anarchy 99 crew head for they car . Xander spin the cylinder on he revolver . xander I have get he . buckle up . the gto peel out . ext . STREET - day slovo be huffing and puffing as fast as he can when Xander come skid around the corner . he look back and see the speed gto . yorgi that 's the cop from the club ! Xander do the only thing he can . he put the car sideways and aim out the window as he slide to a stop . slovo turn and blam ! Xander shoot slovo right in the chest . in slo - mo : a spray of blood erupt from he chest and slovo fall backwards , he face freeze in a look of shock and betrayal . the smoking shell clatter to the ground . slovo blink up at Xander , gasp for word , then lay still . Xander hop out , rifle through slovo 's pocket . the other anarchy 99 car pull up , the whole group look on . yorgi what be you do ? get in the car ! Xander head back to the gto and the car peel out . int . gto - moving - day the rest of anarchy 99 follow behind the gto . yorgi I do not believe it ! you can not shoot a cop in the middle of the street ! xander ( grim ) have to do what I have to do . he pull out the roll of film . yorgi laugh . yorgi you say you get a million , you get the million . some cop give we shit , he 's dead . Jesus Christ , man , you be hard - core ! ext . dead end STREET - day the ivan pull up in they transport truck . they see all the blood and rush towards slovo . but something do not look right . Ivan 1 tastes the blood and spit it out . ivan 1 it 's sweet . Ivan 2 pull a chrome dart from slovo 's chest . slovo groans . int . nightclub - night it 's a crowded basement rave club . hot and sweaty raver dance in provocative outfit . the anarchy 99 group be stand on the best booth , right on the pack dance floor . surround they be a handful of mafiya bodyguard who stand at attention like the secret service . ander swing from a water pipe and then drop onto the table , smash glass . a drunk guy try to pull petra onto the dance floor and she punch he . the bodyguard drag the dude out for a proper thrashing . yorgi shatter a bottle against the wall . yorgi total chaos , man ! welcome to anarchy 99 ! xander what 's " anarchy 99 " ? yorgi it 's all this craziness ! it 's what we have be live since 99 , when we leave the Army . one of we brother die in grozny and we say the hell with this shit . what for ? he die for what ? Politics ? who 's politics ? not ours . xander you wanna see my politics ? Xander show he a tattoo on he arm . it show planet earth with a giant screw through it . xander screw the world . if I be gonna die for something , it better be bitch and money . yorgi that 's what I be talk about , man ! that 's why anarchy 99 be bear . yorgi roll up he sleeve , revealing a anarchy 99 tat ( a circle " a " with " 99 " underneath ) . yorgi to we it mean no wall , no speed limit , no jail . it 's everybody do what he want . people think democracy be freedom but they do not have a clue . there 's a old punk song . it say : " America stand for freedom , but if you think you be free ... " xander " ... try walk into a deli and urinate on the cheese " . ' anarchy Burger ' by the vandal . yorgi you get it , man . it 's stupid but it 's true . true freedom be when you do whatever you want anytime you want . that 's when you know you be live , man . xander how you gonna do that with government and rule everywhere ? yorgi easy . you get enough money that you grow a ass big enough for the whole world to kiss . yorgi throw a fistful of money onto the dance floor . the xed out raver swat it around like confetti . yorgi you hang with we , buddy , taste some freedom ! petra ! dance with this guy ! yorgi melt into the dance floor crowd , leave Xander alone with petra . she get up grumpily and start dance . Xander join she , but she will not even look at he . xander this be great , dance with the back of you head . she reluctantly turn around . xander if you get a problem with I , why be we dance ? petra yorgi ask I to . xander you do everything yorgi say ? petra go to hell . xander it 's gonna be like that , huh ? you get all bent out of shape as soon as he start dance with someone else . why 's that ? petra mind you business . xander do you guy use to date ? that 's it , right ? he break you heart and you be still soft on he . that 's funny , it do not seem to fit with a tough broad like you . she glare at he and walk away . Xander follow . xander where be you go ? petra why be you still hang around ? you business be finish , you should go home . xander I be invite . what 's you story ? petra I do not know who you be or where you come from , but I do not like you . you ask too many question . there 's a big line outside the " lady " and no line at the " man 's " . petra head into the Men 's room . some dude whistle at she . she push he out of the way and enter a stall . Xander lean on the sink . xander come on , do not front like that . you will put a guy right off you . petra do not even bother , X man , I be not you type . xander that right ? why 's that ? the stall door fly open and petra march out . petra my chest be too small and my brain be too big . she shove he to the door and stomp back to she stall . Xander walk back out , shaking he head and laugh . across the room , viktor shove the d.j. out of the way and put on " anarchy burger " by the vandal . the rave dance be interrupt by the pound punk beat . yorgi Xander , check it out ! the revolution begin ! viktor and ander swiftly turn the dance floor into a violent mosh pit . Xander can not help it , he actually like this guy . yorgi let 's get some air , man . yorgi and Xander head outside . a moment later , kirill hurry out another door . ext . prague riverfront - night it 's late . yorgi and Xander stroll along the river . xander you get a great set - up here yorgi . you really know how to live . yorgi it 's a beautiful town , Prague . it 's be good to I . xander I have be here before , when I be a kid . my old man be in the service , we use to live on the Army base in Hamburg . yorgi you , a Army brat ? I do not see that one at all . do you join the service as well ? xander Hell no . my dad be a straight up tin soldier . somehow he piss this general off and get himself dishonorably discharge . have a court martial and everything . the charge be total bullshit , so he be sure he would get he name clear , but it do not happen . yorgi connection and politics , it 's the same everywhere . xander my old man , he buy into the system , and it screw he . so he swallow a bullet . I , I do not believe in nothing I can not see and touch . the camera suddenly zoom across the city , fly over street and house until , half a mile away , it find kirill in a window with he sniper rifle . p.o.v. through scope - Xander 's head be in the crosshair . the scope pan over to yorgi , who look into camera and give a small signal , call off the hit . back on yorgi and xander yorgi look up at a " prague peace conference " banner . yorgi next week this idiot be have a peace conference here . what the hell be they go to talk about ? it 's the system itself that cause all the world 's problem . you be okay , buddy . come on , it 's get early . they stroll off and kirill stand down . ext . prague street - sunrise a flotilla of vehicle ( Xander 's gto among they ) drive through the gate in a massive , stone wall . it 's a big manor house in the middle of town . int . medieval manor - courtyard - prague - sunrise the gto , sedan , suv 's park in the courtyard . Xander see a row of motorcycle park here as well . Xander also see a Guard hit a switch that lower the heavy wooden gate . yorgi corral a bunch of stripper he 's bring home . yorgi this way , girl , let 's go ! he lead the whole troop inside . int . medieval manor - hallway - sunrise as they go down the hall / Xander see room full of office worker and mafiya goons . viktor diversify global operation . the sun never set on we empire . Xander take in world map , fax machine , bank of computer . for all they screwing around , it 's clear anarchy 99 run a large operation . int . medieval manor - MAIN hall - sunrise with lead glass window overlook the river , this place be beautiful . Inside it 's do up more like the house from MTV 's " Real World " , except trash . there 's cool fish tank , a pool table , ps2 on a flatscreen and spray paint and hole all over the wall . servant welcome they with food and yorgi 's secretary give he important message . yorgi ( sorting through message ) not bad , yes ? the original owner , they just one day decide to move out . ander start pound on a drumset . petra kick a soccer ball at he . petra yeb vas , z'opa . shut up ! yorgi paw at a stripper . yorgi I have get meeting this afternoon , I have get to get some sleep . just pick a girl . xander that 's alright , I be kinda tired . yorgi you want to insult I ? this be my hospitality . pick one . Xander point at one of the stripper . she 's wear a fashionable flak jacket . yorgi good , now find a room to crash in . petra , show he . the surly petra open a door , revealing a hall of door . Xander and flak jacket follow . xander you gonna tuck we in ? she just give he a nasty look , walk into she room and slam the door . Xander scratch he head and pick a room . the other shuffle off to they bed with they stripper . int . medieval manor - xander be room - sunrise flak jacket be out of sight in the bathroom . Xander talk to she while he get undress . xander listen , no offense , but I be not in the market right now , okay ? you can stay here , but let 's not -- he trail off as she step out of the bathroom . she 's wear just a g-string and the flak jacket . xander you do not understand a word I be say , do you ? she just smile at he sweetly and pull he shirt off . she look at the engagement ring still pierce through he nipple and give a puzzle look . xander stupid , right ? that 's what I be try to tell you . I just get out of this heavy thing ... she kiss he and let the flak jacket fall ( pg - 13 style ) . xander the thing I have to do for my country . he give in and start make out with she . dissolve to : int . medieval manor - hallway - later that morning Xander sneak out of he room and down the hail . behind he , we can see flak jacket asleep amongst the tussle sheet . int . medieval manor - MAIN hall - morning ander be snore on the floor . Xander skirr around he and go through another door . int . medieval manor - office - day Xander find a office and start go through the desk . he find a palm pilot and snap a recording device to the bottom . in second he 's copy everything on it . he move on to some drawer . petra what be you do ? he turn , see petra stand in the doorway with a gun . xander look for a phone book . I want to call a cab . unless you wanna give I a ride ? she shut the door , advance , stare he down . petra who be you ? xander we hang out last night , remember ? petra I also remember you drive you car here . who be you really ? make no mistake , I will shoot you and not feel bad about it . who be you work for ? xander hey , take it easy . I be just a dude try to make a buck . she slap he , hard . petra bullshit . I see you look at everything , study everything , ask question . I know exactly what you be do . empty you pocket . xander you have get to relax , baby , you be paranoid . she slap he again and Xander go for she gun . before he can pry it from she hand , she 's pull another gun from nowhere and have it jamme against he neck . he let go . xander hey , you be good . petra maybe we should start again , yes ? I know so little about you , except that you be not what you say you be . xander that make two of we then , sweetheart , because I be not buy you bullshit either . you be not like they , I can see it in you eye . so you tell I , who 's bullshit who ? int . yorgi be bedroom - day there be three stripper asleep in bed . yorgi be sit at he computer in he underwear . he 's hack in to the czech police network . yorgi something bother I about you , Mr. Xander cage ... he look around a bit , do not find what he 's look for . he sit up , get piss . yorgi get kirill . now ! she head out . yorgi go to the bathroom , splashes water on he face . kirill enter , still half asleep . kirill what 's the problem ? yorgi I be inside the police mainframe . do you see anything ? kirill study the screen while yorgi pull on clothes . kirill what ? yorgi I have searched they e-mail . no funeral announcement , no obituary , no call - to -arm . nothing on the news , even . I swear I see a cop get shot yesterday . how come no one be talk about it ? kirill look back at the screen . nothing there . yorgi I also check the wire transfer . I follow the money back to it 's source , but there be no source . it come from nowhere . first they bring CIA , then british sas , now maybe they plumb the lower depth . maybe now they send someone who look like we . maybe someone like we houseguest Mr. X . int . medieval manor - office - day petra still have the gun on Xander . petra I do not know what you be talk about . xander the eye do not lie . all this have get to you , have not it , petra ? you come in as yorgi 's girlfriend and you stay because it be fun . now you do not like it so much , but you be in so deep you can not get out anymore . tell I if I be wrong , petra . petra go to hell ! xander look at you . you be help run thing now . you be a gangster . I bet that snuck up on you . you wake up one day and you be a criminal . she pull back the hammer on she gun . xander it 's cool , I feel you . I might even be able to help . here , let I show you something . you wanna see what 's in my pocket , I will show you . he make a move and she jab the gun at he . she reach into the pocket for he and pull out he little data recorder . petra what be you ? xander I be a information gatherer . you wanna go somewhere and talk about it ? int . medieval manor - hallway - day yorgi creep down the hall , kirill in tow . they both screw silencer onto they pistol . they flatten themselves up against the wall and prepare to burst into Xander 's room . one ... two ... three ! they kick in the door and aim they gun around . flak jacket sit up , terrify . yorgi and kirill lower they gun . viktor stumble by in he underwear . yorgi where be he ? viktor they go to breakfast . int . romantic restaurant - day this be a beautiful and historic Prague location with window and a nice view . it 's rather fancy and packed with upscale patron . petra and Xander sit in the middle of the room , stick out badly in they grungy clothes . a waiter take they order . petra perogies , potato pancake , fry goose liver , the sausage plate and a pot of turkish coffee . Xander shake he head . xander I be just gonna have a garden salad . oil and balsamic vinegar on the side . the waiter take off . petra puff on a cigarette , stare at Xander . petra that 's how you eat ? it 's like a gerbil . xander ( shrug ) I be from L.A. petra so why do not you tell I something about who you gather information for . they obviously have very deep pocket . be you from a rival clan ? xander let 's just say I be freelance and leave it at that . petra whoever send you know what they be do . you and yorgi be practically twin . two nihilistic fashion victim who make a lot of noise but do not say much . xander do not judge a comic book by it 's cover . petra you agree with a lot of what he say , do not you . xander I know where he 's come from . the only thing I really do not get be why he dumped you . up until I find that out , I think he judgment be pretty sound . petra do not even start . I will be honest , I do not trust you . bur let pretend for a minute that what you say be true , that I want to leave . what can you do about it ? xander the people I know want fact , the kind of thing a insider would know . they be interested in put anarchy 99 out of business . petra all I have to do be risk my life provide you with this fact . xander we could work together . then maybe we could both get the hell out of here . there 's a beach in bora bora with my name on it . petra a beach name X ? that I would like to see . xander so there you have it . I guess you just have to ask yourself , how bad to you want out ? she think on it . then she cell phone ring . petra ( into phone ) Da ! kirill ( o.s. ) ( on phone ) listen very carefully , petra . we think cage may be a american agent , do you understand what I be tell you ? petra ( into phone ) yes . kirill ( o.s. ) ( on phone ) do not worry , I have get you back . I be right across the street , above the bakery . just bring he outside and let I do the rest . kirill hang up . she look back at Xander , shell shocked . xander what 's up ? be there a problem ? she study he eye , decide to risk it . petra they tell I you be a american agent . xander what be you talk about ? petra there 's no more time for game . they make you . there 's a sniper out front wait to put a bullet in you eye . tell I if it 's true . xander it 's a long story , but yeah , more or less . petra Jesus Christ . you be go to have to go out the back . the data that you copy with you toy . tomorrow , at six o'clock . look it up . we be take a trip . be there at six and you will have plenty to tell you people . xander if I go out the back , he will know you have warn I . petra that 's alright , I will figure something out . xander not a option . just get up slowly like everything 's cool . petra , trust I . you just hang yourself out to dry for I , I be not gonna let you down . ext . bakery roof - day kirill lay on he stomach , peer into the scope of he silenced sniper rifle . p.o.v . through scope - he can faintly see they inside the crowded restaurant . Xander and petra be make they way towards the exit . kirill Nice and easy , petra ... int . romantic restaurant - day they work they way through the lunchtime crowd . petra I can not let this happen . I want you to go out the back . I will make up some excuse . xander they will kill you , you know they will . besides , there be no back door . keep smile . ready ? now . ext . romantic restaurant - day Xander 's time it perfectly so that just as they get to the door , a bus pass by . kirill keep focus , wait for the bus to pass . p.o.v. through scope - Xander 's head be sporadically visible through the bus window . kirill 's finger tighten on the trigger ... as soon as the bus pass he fire ! but Xander 's not there , he 's duck down to tie he shoe . crash ! the glass door behind he shatter . feign surprise , Xander punch petra in the face and sprint down the block . he run bent low , the park car protect he from the sniper . kirill fire anyway , take out car window . at the end of the block be a long staircase with a metal rail down the middle . as he run by a outdoor restaurant Xander snatch the serving tray from a startle waiter , send food and drink fly . he hop on the serve tray like it 's a skateboard and do a rail - slide down the length of the stair . he 's move too fast for kirill . he jump off at the bottom and the tray pop up into the AIR . kirill blast it like a clay pigeon . by now Xander be out of sight . kirill pound he rifle in frustration . petra get to the top of the stair . she give kirill a " where do he go ? " look . her nose be bloody , help to sell she performance . then she turn and look off after Xander . she see he gto speed away . fade to : ext . norwegian fjord - late afternoon we be look down at a ship move through the fjord , see from high above . it 's towing a smaller boat behind it . a airplane ? no , we be at the top of the trollveggen , Norway 's legendary " troll Wall " . it 's a near 5,000 foot sheer drop to the ocean . six figure stand at the edge of the barren cliff . they wear webbed " squirrel " jumpsuit , helmet and parachute . on each thigh they have pistol and on they chest they have silence mp - 5 sub-machine gun . together they stare down at the ship . petra be among they . she look down at she watch . it be precisely 5:59 pm . she glance around . the top of the cliff be rocky and flat . Xander be nowhere to be see . fifty yard away - we see Xander sneaking forward military style . he 's get he " stakeout suit " on and be keep low . he check he watch : " 6 pm " the member of anarchy 99 put on they goggle and , without say a word , they leap off the troll Wall . Xander run to the edge and look down . he see the group freefailing down the sheer cliff face . xander very nice . the six plummet away from he at incredible speed . in a hard arch , they peak at 120 m.p.h . then , use the webbed wing under they arm and between they leg , they go into aerodynamic " track " position and rocket away from the wall . like dark angel , they soar out over the water in formation . on the ship below -- the ship below be a scientific research vessel . on the deck , a few sailor and scientist watch the sun set . the six dark figure close in rapidly . at the last moment they pull they chute and deftly glide towards the ship . a sailor look up and spot they . before he can shout , he 's shot in the leg and go down . second later , they be on the deck , tear off they rig . they race across the deck , take over the ship in a surgical manner . they herd everyone back head for the bridge . petra hang back . she look back at the cliff , up towards Xander . xander be p.o.v . through he super binoculars we see they storming the bridge . as they head inside , they disappear from view . Xander hit a button on the side of the binocular . xander let 's see what 's go on inside ... " penetrator " p.o.v. now he can see through the wall of the ship . he see the crew , herde into a room and locked in by anarchy 99 . int . ship - late afternoon anarchy 99 seal the door , lock the crew away . they slap five and bump chest , still totally amp up . ext . ship - late afternoon angle on - a large submersible vehicle . it 's white and twelve foot long . there be motor on either side and a panel of solar cell on the top of a periscope- like projection rise from the back . this be the ahab device . it sit in the wet well at the back of the ship , ready to be launch out the back sea door . yorgi ready the boat . there be a smaller boat moor to the back of the ship . kirill and viktor hop onto it 's deck . they start to whistle as they work . sound like the " Andy griffith " theme . xander' binoculars p.o.v. he take digital photo of the ahab device . xander what the hell be you guy steal ? back on the ship the smaller boat be launch and ready to do . yorgi go to the wet well control and hit a switch . the aft door open , let water into the wet well . in second ahab start to float . ander loosen it from it 's mooring and they tie ahab to the back of the smaller boat . kirill ready . yorgi hit another switch , open the ballast door on the port side of the ship . Air flow out , cause the ship to list to one side . petra what be you do ? yorgi it all happen so fast . such a unfortunate accident . yorgi machine gun the wet well control panel . yorgi let 's go . they climb onto the boat . petra be the last to board . she look up towards Xander and machine gun the panel some more , make sure he notice . xander be p.o.v . he see the smaller boat pull away , the ahab device be tow behind . he pan over and zoom in on the shot - up control panel . xander what the hell ...? he pan over to the wet well and see it 's flooding . with the ballast open on only one side , the ship start listing . the thing be go down . he pan over , click into " penetrator " mode , and see the Crew pound on the wall below deck . they be trap , they wrist and ankle bound with plexi -cuff . ext . top of troll wall - late afternoon Xander put down the binocular and get up . xander no way , man , no way . I be just suppose to be a observer . aw shit . this job suck . he pat he jumpsuit , check for the buckle . xander Toby Lee shaver , if this thing do not work , you ass be kick . Xander steel himself , take a few deep breath . then he sprint to the edge and jump off the cliff ... and that 's it . he 's go . one mile , straight down . suddenly we be fall with he . we hear the rush of air as he free-falls a dozen foot from the craggy rock face . the force of the wind ripple he cheek . he streamline himself into a track position and jet away from the cliff like superman . before he get too low , he rip the buckle . immediately he jumpsuit tear off he body in multiple layer , unfurl into a full size parasail . Xander look up at he parasail , relieved , and glide towards the ship . ext . smaller boat - late afternoon petra spot the parasail and have to act quickly to keep yorgi from spot it . she grab he suddenly and kiss he . yorgi what be that for ? petra I would forget how exciting it be work together . yorgi you have be so quiet lately , petra , I think you no longer care . petra why do not we go below deck and work off some of this adrenaline . yorgi ( smile ) viktor ! stay the course . yorgi kiss she again and head to the cabin below . ext . ship - late afternoon Xander come in for a perfect landing . he land on the list deck and undoe he harness . he see several wounded scattered on the deck . xander Son of a bitch ! he look across the water , see the smaller boat far away . ext . smaller boat - late afternoon petra look back one last time , catch sight of Xander on the deck of the ship . she smile , relieved . then she turn solemn as she head below deck to pay the price . ext . ship - late afternoon Xander get to the wet well and see the water flooding in . with the ship list like this , the water be pour below deck . int . ship - late afternoon Xander open a hatch and lower himself into the hold . here be where the entire Crew have be leave to drow . they be struggle to stay above water , they hand and foot bound . as the far end of the room be another hatch . Water pour in from this one and Xander have to get it shut . he swim through the struggle Crew , spot the captain hold he young son above water . the water be rise rapidly , fill up the compartment . Xander brace he foot against the bulkhead and push , but the force of the water be too much . he surface . he 's get to wait until the room flood before he can close that door . he watch as the Crew go into a panic , the water rise up to the ceiling . they be gasp in the last foot of air that 's available . he see the Captain 's Son , cry and clutching at he father . Xander take a deep breath and dive down . he grab the hatch door , brace he foot and pull . his muscle strain as the heavy metal door slowly swing shut . Xander surface and swim to the ladder . he cut the Captain 's plastic cuff . xander be the boy alright ? captain yes . I will cut the other loose , you must run the bilge pump ! the Captain take the knife and swim to free he man . Xander take the Captain 's Son and climb up the ladder . ext . ship be bridge - late afternoon Xander scan the control but have no idea what he 's look for . the Captain 's Son show he the right switch . xander you sure ? the Son nod and Xander flip the switch . motor start to hum . ext . ship - late afternoon the bilge pump spew out water furiously . Crew member come up from below deck . they be soak and grateful . they go about tend to the wounded as Xander slump down next to the exhaust Captain . xander Captain , huh ? you get a lot of broad with that uniform ? they both laugh , relieved , as the ship slowly rights itself . fade to : int . conference room - that night Xander be in a room with the scientist from the ship . they have blueprint of the torpedo spread out . the Captain 's Son be wrap in blanket , shiver . Xander be talk to gibbon on he communicator . xander ( into communicator ) they call it " ahab " , it 's a solar power submersible . it can circumnavigate the globe on it 's own . they use it to track and study the migration pattern of whale . intercut with gibbon in the ultimate information room gibbon jot down the information furiously . gibbon you do say " ahab " ? you be sure about that ? xander yeah , I send you picture . here 's what I be think . if they take out the camera and sensor , they could probably put a bomb in this thing . you drop it in the water in the Red Sea and three week later it 's swim up the potomac . gibbon this be good work , X , damn fine work . you need to press on at all cost , find out what they have plan with this " ahab " . xander hey , one miracle at a time . they be on to I now , remember ? gibbon I be gonna be en route with a team shortly to relieve you . just keep the pressure on until the cavalry arrive . and X ? you do yourself proud help that people today . Xander tussle the hair of the Captain 's Son . xander thanks . gibbon you be a grungy little phoenix , you know that ? keep up the good work . xander you be not see nothing yet . CUT to : ext . czech police build - day the gto screech into the lot . shaver be on he way out with he suitcase . xander get in . we have get work to do . int . police build basement - day pan over weapon - they be all laid out on the floor . 50 cal . machine gun , mine , rocket , belt of ammo . we finally arrive at Xander lean on he gto . he spark a blowtorch and light a cigar . xander I want all that ... ( he pat the gto ) in there . shaver look on in shock . he 's get a crew of mechanic with he . Xander hand he the blowtorch and walk away . ext . prague OPEN AIR market - day this be a beautiful open air market in a town square surround by old building . the place be packed . in the midst of it all , we make out petra move through the crowd . she stop to look at some vegetable when Xander pass by she . xander right behind you . they keep talk , pretend to shop . xander so what 's the plan with this ahab ? be they sell it or what ? petra no , something worse . he say it 's a surprise , but I know he . this be he masterpiece . xander we have get to find out what it be . can you handle that ? petra ( beat ) there 's something I do not have time to tell you before . xander what 's that ? petra I be a agent as well . kgb . I have be undercover for over a year . xander you be what ? what the hell have you be do ? petra I do not know . eight month ago I stop hearing from my people . no explanation , just silence . so I stay and I wait like I be tell . soon I be in so far , they would kill I if I leave . now every day I get farther and farther away from what I be . I be like you say , a criminal . xander I be bust up for you , but Jesus , what the hell be you do ? that people almost drown on that boat and you do not lift a finger . this sting she . she know well the price she pay . petra no , I guess I have be no help at all to you . xander get you head back in the game . there be life at stake here . petra of course . I will do what I can . I have to go , before they notice . xander when can I see you again ? petra you can not , it 's too risky . I be not much help anyway , remember ? then she 's off into the crowd . ext . medieval manor - night the craggy surface of the wall be swathed in shadow . Xander approach and flatten himself against it . he 's all in black , pack with weapon and sport a combat vest . he grab a toehold on the wall and zoom ! he speed climb up the side . he reach the top in second and scope out the manor house . video cameras , patrolling guard . it 's not gonna be easy . Xander slip over the wall down to the courtyard below . ext . medieval manor - courtyard - night Xander place a explosive on a control BOX . he wait for a guard to stroll by and then slip through a basement window . int . medieval manor - darkened room - night Xander make he way through a series of room . finally he find himself in a study with a window overlook the cavernous basement of the manor . laid out below he can see the ahab device , hang from chain . techies be work with the anarchy 99 crew to retrofit the thing . they be install a launcher rack of ten tube . Xander can not hear a thing through the thick glass . he take a metal ball from he pocket . there 's a sink in the corner and he drop the metal ball down the drain . int . drain pipe we follow the metal ball as it roll through the trap and down into the wall . the pipe zigzag around like a rollercoaster and then level off . the ball roll past a t-intersection , stop , and unroll like a pill bug . six metal leg appear and we see it 's the roach cam . it scuttle back up the pipe and make the turn . int . manor basement - MAIN hall - night we be close on a sink as the roach cam come up the pipe . it scurries into hide just as a hand reach in to turn on the water . the roach peer out from between item on a workbench and we push in on it 's video camera head . int . medieval manor - study - night close on - video monitor - roach cam p.o.v. we see a handheld video image of viktor . viktor okay , fire one . viktor push a button on ahab and a vodka bottle launch from tube one , shatter against the ceiling . yorgi perfect ! pull back to reveal Xander watch the image on he communicator . use a joystick he 's able to control the roach . he steer the camera towards petra , get a low - angle shot of she leg in a punk - out catholic school girl skirt . he smile , enjoy himself . xander great piece of hardware . he plug he earpiece in and listen in . int . manor basement - MAIN hall - night petra work on a computer controller . the roach scurries across the floor , circle to get a better look at ahab . ander push a cart hold ten glass canister of liquid . each canister be separate in two , with a black liquid on top and a white liquid on the bottom . he hand the canister to viktor one by one . ander ( sing ) " Silent night ... Holy night " viktor laugh and join in . then kirill look down and spot the roach cam . he stomp it with he boot . int . medieval manor - study - night Xander jerk out he earpiece and rub he ear . xander damn . he look down into the room , see kirill bend down to examine the roach . time to go . int . manor basement - MAIN hall - night kirill lift the dead " roach " and see its wire . kirill there 's some bullshit go on ! yorgi hit a alarm switch , alert the guard . the anarchy boy grab weapon and start racing through the house . int . medieval manor - various - night the anarchy boy move swiftly from room to room in practice close combat maneuver . cue each other with hand signal , they run through each room , weapon ready . int . hallway - night Xander sprint down the hallway . with the anarchy 99 boy and Guards roam the house , he 's have a hard time find he way out . int . dine hall - night he run into a darken dining hall , sprint across only to find the opposite door lock . he hide behind one of the many column as he pursuer enter the room . kirill give a thumb up and put on a pair of night vision goggle . he scan the big room but see nothing . Xander , hide at the opposite end , wait breathlessly . kirill advance slowly , he buddy cover he from the door . yorgi Xander , my friend , that can only be you . why do not we put we weapon down for a few minute and discuss this like friend . how would you like to come to work for we instead ? we could rage against the Machine together . across the room , Xander see a small window lead to the courtyard . he have to run across open ground to reach it . he call out to yorgi . xander speak of people that be full of shit , funny you should mention that guy ! Xander 's voice echoe around the empty hall , make it impossible to pinpoint . xander they put they record out through Sony , one of the biggest corporate machine on the planet . some revolutionary , huh ? he pull out he gun as kirill creep ever closer . against the far wall Xander spot a FIRE extinguisher . yorgi come on , you be the one who 's fool yourself . why risk you life for you government when we can offer you a future that be truly free ? kirill be almost on top of he . Xander sight up and fire . the fire extinguisher explode , blind kirill . Xander make a run for it . everyone fire wildly ( except for petra ) , bullet tear tapestry off the wall . Xander dive and crash through the window . ext . courtyard - sunrise Xander tuck and roll , come up run . Guards be run around , unsure just what the hell be go on . Xander hop on one of the trial motorcycle park nearby and fire up the engine . he hit a remote switch and blam ! the explosive charge he leave earlier blow - up . he point the bike at a set of stone stair . they form a " ramp " that he can use to jump the wall . he gun the engine . a Guard race across the wall with a rifle , take aim . Xander race and jump the bike over the wail . as he go by he do a can - can aerial , kicking the guard off the wall before he can shoot . the anarchy 99 guy run outside just in time to see he go . yorgi he blow the gate control . ander ! get the bastard ! ander fire up the other trial bike , sling a submachine gun across he back and go up and over . petra watch he go , hope for the best . ext . prague street - daybreak ( note : action will be re-choreographed base on actual location . any freestyle motorcycle move will be motivate by a physical reason ) Xander blaze down the street , ander racing right behind he . a wrong turn send he into a dead end . at the end be a panel truck park next to a stone wall . Xander slow the trial bike and drive it up the hood of the truck and onto it 's roof . balance on the rear wheel , he hop onto the wall . the machine gun blast again . Xander drive off along the top of the wall . ander shoulder he gun and follow . they be riding a 15 ' high wall that 's only a foot wide . they make several 90 degree turn , racing above a sleep neighborhood . Xander see the end of the wall ahead and take a detour . he hop onto the second floor balcony of a build under construction . int . build under construction - morning construction worker bolt out of the way as the motorcycle leap into they building . Xander pop a wheelie and slam through a blueprint table . ander follow , demolosh they snack table . Xander dart through the building , between beam and 2 x 4 's , until he reach a skeletal staircase . more worker appear at the bottom of the stair so Xander go up . he crank up three flight of stair and bashes onto the roof . ext . the rooftop - morning Xander look around for a way out . the next building be not that far away . he revs up and jump across . ander jam another magazine into he sub-machine gun and follow Xander . they jump from roof to roof , down a descending series of rooftop towards the river . ander pull up alongside as they race towards that last apartment building . neck and neck they head for the brink . at the last jump , Xander pull up behind ander . they hit the last roof in a crunch of gravel . ander clamp on the brake and come skid to a stop , Xander right behind he . they skid to a stop at the very edge , with ander balanced on he front wheel . he look down , see street five storey below . he glance back at Xander , sweat bead , struggle to keep he balance . Xander observe he coolly , totally in control . ander reach for he machine gun . Xander pop a wheelie and ram ander over the edge . the bike tumble and pancakes into the pavement . ander tear through several awning before slamm into the ground . Xander turn and ride to the next apartment building . he hop down a steep series of roof that will eventually take he to street level . as he make he way down , ander stir . the guy be a bloody , break mess but he get to he foot . he see where Xander be head and he scurries off to intercept he . ext . alley - morning Xander be head to the far end of a dead end alley . the only way out be fence in . but there 's a ramp lead up to a loading dock . Xander will have to use that ramp to jump the fence . ander climb to the second floor of the building . there be a small crane arm load with metal . if he push it at the right time , it will swing out and knock Xander from he bike . he giggle maniacally , blood drip . Xander drop down into the alley and head towards the jump . ander time it perfectly and swing the crane arm out . in slow motion : the bike leave the ramp and soar up over the fence . the crane arm swing out , on a collision course with Xander . Xander see it and throws himself off the bike , grab onto the back in a superman seat - grab . he pass right underneath the swinging crane arm . ander 's face fall when he see Xander go by , hang on with one hand . in he other hand Xander 's get he pistol . blap ! Xander pull himself back onto the bike and land . he stop , see ander ' bloody helmet come bounce into the alley . he tuck he pistol away and roar off . int . dirty apartment - day Xander come up the stair and see light on in he apartment . he draw he gun and push the door open . xander slovo ? slovo be sit in the armchair . xander dude , what be you do here ? slovo you kill I , remember ? now I have to hide out here with you . where have you be ? Xander holster he gun , search around for he communicator . xander I find something big enough for we to take this guy down with . they have get a of nerve agent they be gonna unleash . slovo be this what you be look for ? Xander turn to see slovo wave the communicator . xander yeah , give it here . slovo raise he pistol . slovo sorry , " dude " . xander ( stunne beat ) what 's the deal ? slovo oh come on , do not feel bad . you get play , so what ? you be new at this . do you think you could just stroll into this business one day and have all the angle figure out ? xander why you dogging I up ? slovo ( shrug ) they come and find I . they say they would kill I unless I help they . plus they offer I a lot of money . no big deal . this thing happen . dump you gun on the floor . Xander do so . slovo where do you want it ? the head to be quick ? or the chest for a open casket ? suddenly gunfire blast through the close door . bullet shatter a lamp , a picture , and finally tag slovo in a wild salvo . slovo crumple , never know what hit he . the door creak open . it 's petra , she gun still smoking . she 's with the ivan . petra be you alright ? xander what the hell be you do ? you could have kill I ! petra ( shrug ) I hear you talk . I could tell where you be in the room . xander I do not know what 's go on anymore . I think I be square with that dude . now everybody 's switch side like it 's the wwf . the ivan go to slovo 's body , kick the gun from he hand . one of they spit on he corpse in disgust . xander what be you do with the ivan ? petra I know which cop be good and which be bad . come with I . come on , right now . she drag he to the door . ext . ST . charle bridge - day the beautiful and historic St. Charles bridge span the river . there be banner hang in celebration of the come prague peace conference . petra lead Xander across it . xander where be we go ? petra we be get out of this place . we have do enough . xander wait a minute , whoa . we can not go now . what 's yorgi get plan with that nerve agent ? petra it do not matter anymore , forget it . xander of course it matter . hey , hold on ! petra what do we owe we government ? your kidnap you , mine abandon I . xander petra , this be not about the people that send we here , you know that . petra no , now it 's about we . let 's do something for we before we both get kill . do not you want to get to bora bora , Xander ? xander we can not leave now . we have to do something . petra why ? you be the one who believe in nothing . screw the world , or whatever you say . Xander grab she by shoulder . xander alright , so I be full of shit . I think believe in thing be wrong . turn out believe in nothing be worse . you might as well be dead . I be not thrilled with the world , but I be not gonna let that idiot start kill people . come on , you be a cop , we have get to get this guy . he 's get through to she . she nod in agreement . petra they leave . to a fortress in the mountain . xander we will have to go after they . petra be not you afraid ? xander a long time ago I learn how to put fear away in a little place in my head . maybe that 's my problem . if you do not feel fear you can do some amazing thing , but you can also screw you life up in way you can not imagine . petra I must be healthy , then , because I be scared to death . I guess I would better get back to yorgi . xander you do not have to do that . petra yes , I do . you be right . I can not just let he go free . besides , I can help you from the inside . xander be not they gonna wonder be you have be ? petra ( shrug ) I be suppose to wait for the cop to kill you and then kill the cop . they will believe I . ( beat ) I have be lie for so long , one more time will not hurt . xander when this be over , we be just gonna take off , the two of we . take a vacation . petra what the hell be we do ? we be do all this together , trust each other , make plan , and we have not even sleep together yet . Xander kiss she . xander that give we something to live for . together they walk back across the bridge . we crane up , revealing the prague peace conference banner all over a big build on the river . ext . mountain - day we see a craggy , gnarly mountain . the front side be a rock strewn , near vertical drop . then we see Xander come scale up from the back side . he 's get gear strapped to he back and it look like it 's be a helluva climb . Xander sit at the very peak and catch he breath . it 's beautiful up here . he pull a collapsible snowboard off he back , hit a switch and the thing switchblade out to full size . he clamp it on he foot . Xander move to the edge and peer down . at the bottom of the mountain he can see the castle , a impose medieval fortress in the snow . he lean over the edge and start down the mountain . he do not get far before he notice something else . he slide to a stop on the near vertical face , cling to rock for balance . on the mountain below he , between he and the castle , be a guard outpost . right now he 's in full view and he 's be spot . he see guard scramble out , hopping on snowmobile . from up here they look like ant . ext . guard outpost - day viktor , the goateed cold weather warrior , stride out of the outpost and look up the mountain . he shout order to he man . a Guard run up and bring he he weapon : a flame-thrower . viktor strap it on and . climb onto he snowmobile . all around he the Guards be drive into position . they form a gauntlet of AK - 47' . there must be a dozen of they . viktor ride up twenty yard and wait , he engine idling . viktor hold position ! he squint up at the speck that be Xander . ext . mountain top - day Xander pull a concussion grenade from he jacket . xander nothing like fresh powder . he put he goggle on and pull the pin from the grenade . then he toss it over he shoulder . the grenade land in the snow above he and start rolling downhill toward he . Xander push off and start bombing down the mountain . the grenade bounce after he and then wham ! it go up with a tremendous shock . there be a shift in the snow , a groan of shifting weight , then the entire cornice crack loose and topple over the brink . Xander streak down the mountain with that wall of snow at he heel . from down below it 's a awesome sight . the slack - jaw Guards watch as ton of churn snow bear down on they . shoot in and out of that powdery mass like a surfer , they can see Xander skip like a stone down the mountain face . there 's a mad scramble as Guards turn they snowmobile and ride for they life . a furious viktor spin around and make a run for it as well . nobody have a chance . the avalanche be come like a freight train , froth like white water . Xander blaze right through the scramble Guards and hit a jump . he go soar up and land square on the slope roof of the outpost . the avalanche be right behind he , slamm down everything and everyone in its way . Guards be swallow up and toss , snowmobile go tumble under the onslaught . Xander grab onto the chimney as the avalanche wash over the outpost . he hold on until the ocean of snow come to a stop . then it 's all quiet . above he the slope be a battlefield of icy rubble . there 's nothing move up there anymore . Xander pull himself free . then he hear a gush sound and a deep beneath the surface , he see the warm orange glow of flame . it 's viktor and he flame thrower . there 's another spurt and the glow fade for good . Xander board to a rock and sit to catch he breath . he 's right above the Castle now . then he communicator start to beep . xander ( into communicator ) gibbon , long time no talk . you would not believe my day . intercut with gibbon on the private jet with a team of agent . gibbon what the hell have be go on , triple X ? how about a status report ? Xander look down on the Castle . there seem to be mafiya henchmen all over the grounds . xander snow cover fortress . Army of bad guy . the usual . gibbon I be on the way with a team to relieve you . what 's the latest ? xander they retrofitted ahab with some kind of rocket launcher . they be load canister of liquid into it , light color and dark color in the same tube but separate . something tell I this it that " classified " stuff you do not want I to know about . do the song " Silent night " mean anything to you ? gibbon yes it do . xander come on , gibbon , you can do better then that . gibbon Silent night be the name of a top secret binary nerve agent . the glass canister be shot into the air and detonate . the black and white chemical mix , form a toxic cloud . when it settles down to Earth , it will kill everything in the vicinity . xander Jesus Christ , gibbon , this be something we come up with ? gibbon yeah , that 's right . so now that you know , you understand why it 's important that we get it back . xander kinda funny , though , be not it ? we be not suppose to be make weapon like that anyway . guess we shoulda play by the rule . gibbon somebody else make that decision , not guy like you and I . you have do you job , X , head back to Prague . I will be landing in 90 minute . this be my operation now . xander we do not have that kinda time , boss , I do not think Prague 's gonna be around much longer . I have gotta go now . I have get a lot of bad guy to kill . Xander hang up and head down the hill . ext . castle - day a guard patrol the rocky grounds outside the castle . he stop for a smoke when Xander walk right up to he . whack ! with two quick blow he knock he out and keep walk . he 's a man on a mission . he run in a low crouch to the smooth castle wall . there 's no hand -hold , it 's , a perfectly flat climb . a canyon of rock be below . Xander reach into he jacket and pull out the " terminator " climbing claw . he pull on the metal glove and claw into the solid rock . just like that he start scale the vertical surface . we see he outline against the mountain , steadily make this impossible climb . at the top be a overhang . it 's a gnarly transition . as he 's round it , he feet slip . his leg dangle over the rocky chasm below . use all he strength , he pull himself up the rest of the way with he climb claw . at the top a guard lean over , aim he gun at he . Xander grab he and pull he over the edge . the Guard fall into the chasm . Xander roll onto the parapet , exhaust . then another guard rush he , grab for he rifle . Xander spring , the claw lash out , and tear the gun from he hand . with the other hand he slashes , take the Guard down . he pull off the claw and head into the Guard Tower . int . castle - courtyard - day Xander exit the Guard Tower at the ground level . as he cross the courtyard a explosion rock the tower he just leave . there be shouting as guard race around the parapet , unsure where the attack be come from . a guard run up to Xander . guard ( in Russian ) what 's go on ? Xander clothesline he and catch he AK - 47 as he drop . up inside the castle he can see yorgi at a window . yorgi appear mildly shocked as they make eye contact . Xander take aim . Pov on xander thru sniper scope from up above , kirill have Xander in he sight . blaw ! the bullet hit Xander 's AK , send it spin . Xander rub he sore hand but stay put . kirill could have kill he and he know it . from a doorway come yorgi with some Guards . yorgi walk up and smashes Xander in the face . yorgi that be for ander . xander do not forget goatee boy . I grease he up on the diamond run . yorgi punch he again . int . castle - MAIN build - day petra sit at a desk work on a laptop . yorgi enter with Xander and kirill . yorgi look who we find play outside . petra look up . she can barely hide she shock . yorgi petra , my sweet dove , do you notice anything strange about X ? he look slightly less than dead . kirill aim he gun at petra . petra yorgi , I think he be -- yorgi slap she . yorgi do you think I do not know about you all along ? my contact in the kgb tell I you be come . you show up undercover and , I must admit , you play you part to the hilt . when it 's time to be cruel , you be cruel . when it 's time to be passionate , you be very very passionate indeed . petra be devastate by this revelation . yorgi I could have kill you , but I think this would be so much more fun . to twist you and use you how I see fit . and to be honest , you go much farther than I ever expect you would for you country . he run this finger through she hair and move on to Xander . yorgi and you . why do you have such a problem stay away , my friend ? do you miss we that much ? xander I want to get the hell out of Prague before Silent night fall . yorgi not bad , man , not bad . you put thing together quick . Prague it be . petra the peace conference ... yorgi Nice place to start , do not you think ? xander what 's the gimmick , yorgi ? that 's the part I do not get . you gonna hold the world hostage with you gas bomb ? I do not think you be dumb enough to go with that hack cliche . yorgi you think I be after money ? I tell you , my friend . anarchy . time for a change . money be good , but for true freedom you have to get rid of the rule themselves . xander so all by yourself , you be go to destroy every government ; in the world . yorgi easier than that , buddy . I will get they to destroy each other . you kill a entire peace conference , someone be go to have to pay . then we friend ahab continue down the river to the ocean and begin he world tour . London , Cairo , Beijing ... pretty soon everyone 's involved . this guy bomb that guy , that guy invade this guy . soon the whole world be like you wild West cowboy day . no rule , no law , everybody free to do what they want . xander include rape , pillage , murder . yorgi sure , if that 's what you want . why not ? it 's all human nature . so we just have to launch we baby and wait for the decline and fall of civilization as we know it . xander and here I think " anarchy " be just something cool to put on a tshirt . yorgi come on , Xander . you use to stand for something . what happen to you , man ? I think you would get it . petra do not you see , X ? for the betterment of humanity , he 's go to start World War Three . xander he 's a regular humanitarian . and all this time I think he be just a tool . yorgi you both could have be a part of it . you could have ride with we into a new day , the dawn of a new age of -- xander oh just shoot we already . I be sorry I ask . yorgi 's eye twitches . yorgi screw you too , buddy . he raise he gun and suddenly booooom ! a massive explosion rock the whole castle . shrapnel shatter the window , spraying glass , and yorgi 's shot go wide . ext . the castle - day the front gate have just be blow apart . through the smoke and wreckage come ivan 1 &amp ; 2 with a platoon of crack czech secret police . they submachine gun rattle in threeshot burst , sweeping Guards from the parapet . int . castle - MAIN build - day kirill look down at the carnage below . Xander take advantage of the distraction and charge at yorgi . yorgi go to shoot but he hand will not work . there 's a huge shard of glass stick through he forearm . by the time he pull it out , Xander be on top of he . he body check yorgi , send he fly over a desk . kirill spin and start firing . Xander duck for cover . ext . the castle - day the Czech secret Police be have they way . they cross the courtyard and burst into the main building . int . castle - MAIN build - day the Police whip through the building like lighten , mow down everyone in they path . one Czech secret policeman be wounded and the other retaliate with a volley of rpg 's that evaporate a pocket of resistance . in the main room upstairs , kirill be blast away . yorgi start round up the computer gear . yorgi hurry up , kill he ! before kirill can do so , cop burst into the room , spraying bullet everywhere . Xander and petra be pin down , but yorgi and kirill manage to make a fast exit out another door . xander hey ! we be on you side ! the cop keep shoot . ext . castle - courtyard - day Ivan 1 be talk on the radio when yorgi appear behind he and shoot he in the back . they step over he and enter a garage . int . castle - garage - day the ahab device be in the back of a flatbe truck . yorgi and kirill start up the truck and jam it into gear . ext . castle - courtyard - day the truck smashes through the garage door and rumble across the courtyard . Police open fire , but the truck tear out the gate and start head down the mountain . int . castle - MAIN build - day meanwhile , Xander and petra be still pin down . xander petra ! tell they something ! petra start call out in russian . finally the cop stop shoot . ext . castle - courtyard - day Xander and petra be bring outside . they see the Police work on the wounded Ivan 1 . Ivan 2 walk up . xander how 's Ivan ? ivan 2 he be okay . xander thanks for come , man , you guy be right on time . ivan 2 we be always on time . two have escape , in truck . petra yorgi and kirill . xander let I guess , they have a big white torpedo with they . ivan 2 yes . you friend , the angry one , he send something for you . ext . castle - day a big truck pull to a stop . its ramp lower and Xander 's blow - out ' 72 gto come roll out . ivan 2 we will be right behind you . Xander and petra both strap on grenade and pistol . xander do you do you homework ? petra ( nod ) if they launch it , I know how to bring it back . xander let 's do this . they both climb in and the gto peel out . ext . mountain road - day Xander drive all out , try hard to catch up . he pass several of Ivan 's Police jeeps at a furious clip . up ahead they see the truck wind it 's way down the mountain . xander where 's he head ? petra he own a big industrial complex on the river . he will launch it from there . Xander floor it . up ahead , in the flatbe truck , yorgi drive . he can see the gto gain on they . yorgi ( in Russian , subtitle ) they be come ! get back there . kirill load he sniper rifle and climb out of the cab . he lay down , rest the rifle on the ahab container . as the gto come into view , he sight up and fire , whack ! the first shot go clean through the windshield and blow the headrest off Xander 's seat . xander you get down ! I will take care of this fool ! he pull out a mp- 5 out and hang it out the window . petra no ! do not shoot ! he 's hide behind the nerve agent ! another shot blast through , take off the rear-view mirror . xander goddamit ! he 's gonna stop play around soon and shoot something valuable ! kirill laugh and take aim once again . he put petra in the sight . Xander jerk the steering wheel and blam ! the shot go wide . the gto veer onto a dirt road that cut down the mountain . Xander fight for control as they slide around the turn . the road flatten out and they can see the industrial complex up ahead . they cut across a field , head right for it . ext . outside the industrial complex - day the truck head through the gate of the industrial complex . quickly the gate be close again . armed guard can be see up above . the gto come at the gate at full speed . xander let 's see what my man put together . Xander open a dash panel , revealing a row of switch . he flip one . the headlight eject , revealing a mini - gun in each fender . brrraaaaaappp !! the mini-gun spin . the metal door be get shredd . empty shell spill down the side of the gto . the metal door come apart , fall in chunks . the gto slam through the wreckage without slow down . a Guard come tumble down and bounce off the trunk as the gto zip inside . ext . inside the industrial complex - day the anarchy 99 guy seem to have a whole other army in here . Guards spill onto the road , shoot at they from everywhere . a belly panel on the gto open and ping - pong ball size minibomb dump onto the road . blam ! blam ! blam ! the bomb send the Guards scatter . the gto sizzle away . xander where would the damn truck go ?! petra go to the water , it 's that way ! a tactical ( a pick - up with a .50 cal machine gun attach ) pull up behind they and open fire . xander toadies right behind . petra let I . petra punch another button . the rear hubcap pop off . they roll along the road on they own . Inside they seem to be line with spike . as the tactical pull up in between the hubcap they blow up , spraying spike at both side of the tactical . all four wheel blow out and the tactical go out of control . it crash through a fence and pitch into the water , the man go sprawling . petra fantastic option . at the riverbank yorgi and kirill pull ahab off the truck and prepare for launching . they remove it from it 's box and carry it waist deep into the water . yorgi open a panel and work feverishly on ahab 's inside . yorgi I have get it , go ! cover I ! kirill grab he sniper rifle and head off . he climb up to a second story window of a wooden building on a wharf . from here he can shoot and not be see . he take he lit cigarette and tuck it behind he ear . when the gto round the corner he fire . the bullet go through the window and slam into the steering column . Xander jam it into reverse . they retreat behind a building . petra clutches she arm , wounded . xander you okay ? petra a piece of shrapnel hit I . xander I be sick of that guy . let 's stop play nice . kirill chamber another bullet and wait for they to make they second approach . the gto come roaring out , spin in circle wildly . Xander 's be just do donut as fast as he can . kirill aim , but with all the dust be kick up he do not have much of a target . kirill what be you do ! he do not notice petra pop up from behind a fence with a heat seeking missile launcher . angle on - the missile launcher 's computer screen . the green display show a faint red glow in the upstairs window . its the glowing point of kirill 's light cigarette . the launcher beeps as it lock in and she fire . kirill look up to see the missile blaze down the wharf at he . he get it immediately . in a panic he fumble for the cigarette ... too late . the missile zeroe in on he head . whooosh ! the entire wooden shack blow apart . Xander walk up to petra . xander I guess the surgeon general be right . angle on - ahab as yorgi flip a switch and let 's it go . the electric motor purr to life and ahab zip out into the river . Xander and petra run to the water 's edge in time to see yorgi escape in a motorboat . in the opposite direction they see the ripple of ahab as it speed towards it 's destination . petra find the controller in the cab of the truck . she press button desperately . petra he 's shut out the communication circuit ! xander you can not talk to it ? petra no , it 's like a safety . we be go to have to access the manual control . xander a manual control on a move torpedo . this day keep get better and better . Xander start run towards a second moor motorboat . xander Radio Ivan ! tell he what 's go down ! have they evacuate downtown ! ext . the river - day yorgi be motor away , smile , when he glance back and see Xander and petra take off after ahab . he pound on he steering wheel and turn around . his bigger boat close on they and he reload he weapon . Xander drive while petra check she controller . petra it 's run three meter down . twenty knot . xander it have to surface to release the nerve agent , right ? petra by then it 's too late ! the only way to safely dispose of the nerve agent be in deep water ! the chemical will break down and dissipate ! xander use you grenade ! maybe we can blow it up underwater ! they be head into downtown Prague now , the riverbank get more and more populate . yorgi be close fast . down below they petra can see the white streak of ahab beneath the water . petra there it be ! hold it steady ! petra pull the pin on a grenade . she toss it out in front of ahab . whoomph ! a jet of water go up , but too far behind . she pull another pin and be ready to throw when yorgi 's boat pull up alongside . yorgi aim and fire and the bullet graze petra 's arm . xander petra ! she lose she grip and the grenade bounce down into the engine compartment . Xander grab petra and jump . together they land in yorgi 's boat . the grenade explode and they boat slam into a bridge support and shatter . they be in the heart of the old city now . we see piazza 's full of tourist , market pack with local , child play in front of cathedral . and on the river yorgi and Xander battle it out while petra steer the boat . petra Xander ! it 's come up ! Xander glance down , see ahab near the surface . yorgi clobber he and Xander fall to the edge of the boat . petra try to help , but yorgi slug she in she wounded arm . Xander can see ahab just a few inch under as yorgi grab he from behind in a chokehold . yorgi this be go to be exciting , buddy ! Front row seat to the apocalypse ! come on , sing with I ! ( sing madly ) " I be a Antichrist / I be a anarchist / I ... want - to be ... anarchy ! " Xander elbow 's yorgi 's gut and break the chokehold . he flip he and they both topple overboard . they land on ahab and both grab on . they punch and pummel each other while desperately hang on to the speed torpedo . it surface as it approach the magnificent St. Charles bridge . on the bridge be a chaos of cop , firemen and crowd of people . they be desperately try to herd people away from the river . Xander pound yorgi 's face and dunk he underwater . yorgi slip and fall back to the tail section , drag along in the torpedo 's wake . ahab start make noise and it 's payload door swing open . Inside Xander can see the row of glass cannister contain Silent night . the first one rise up into firing position . xander no you do not . he pries the first rocket off it 's launcher . the thing be beeping menacingly . in slo - motion - Xander blink at the liquid death in he hand . he look over at petra . she 's shouting at he , but he do not hear a thing but he own heartbeat . he look the other direction , to the mass of people on the bridge above he . total stranger ... the fate of the whole world be in the hand of a former nihilist . through the crowd , Xander see gibbon break through with he squad of Agents . gibbon and Xander make eye contact . then yorgi lunge onto he back , try to pull he into the water . Xander hit button on the control panel and ahab start to dive . ext . underwater - day with yorgi hang on he back , Xander turn the rocket upside down and stuff it back in the launcher . ahab head down to the bottom of the river , the two man fight . we see one man get thrown free , the other be catch up on ahab and continue downstream . then the booster rocket fire , give off SPARKS and bubble . it 's all in silhouette now as wham ! the rocket explode , set off a chain reaction . wham ! wham ! wham ! ahab and it 's unfortunate passenger be disintegrated by the blast . the chemical belch out in harmless cloud . ext . the river - day a funnel of water blast into the sky . the crowd recoil . ext . the riverbank - day Ivan 2 help petra off the motorboat . they look down at the water , but there 's no sign of Xander . gibbon and he man push through the cordon of police , scan the water . nothing . tear well in petra 's eye . even gibbon look deject . then petra let 's out a gasp and they look downstream . there 's a boat ramp lead into the water . at first they see a ripple , then the top of a shave head emerge . the whole crowd look on as Xander rise from the water , walk up the boat ramp . his shirt be tatter , he tattooe body batter . but there 's a look on he face , a calm , a self - confidence we have not see before . the Phoenix have rise . petra run down to he and throw she arm around he . Xander shake Ivan 2 's hand and then turn to gibbon . gibbon think you buy the farm down there , x. glad as hell to see you . xander I be pretty happy to see I too . so be you do with I yet ? gibbon you have keep up you end of the bargain , I will do the same . but you really should consider stay on , you make a decent agent . xander but I hate cop , remember ? except for she . gibbon cut the crap , X , I see you down there . you be a hero . do not be afraid to join the good guy . xander who say you be the good guy ? he start walk off with petra . gibbon you know what they say , the only way to change the system be from the inside . xander oh yeah ? why do not we start by take this thing off my ankle ? the poison needle ? gibbon on come on , x. do you really think we be that barbaric ? xander no needle , huh ? what about the acid bath ? gibbon all for show . just a psychological mind game to get you to do the right thing . xander ( smile ) you be a jerk - off , you know that ? gibbon wave . gibbon we will be talk soon , you will see . you will be back . Xander and petra move off through the crowd arm in arm . petra I can not believe my mission be finally over . I do not even know what to do with myself . xander you can not welch on I now . we have a deal . dissolve to : angle on - a big " X " spell out in seashell on the sand . the camera shoot up into the sky , show a perfect white beach , a perfect lagoon , a lush green island ... bora bora ... then we hear the buz of a tattoo needle . CUT to : a third " X " be tattooed on the back of xander' head . int . hut - day his ink do , Xander walk out onto the back deck . ext . bora bora - day craggy mountain peak and perfect turquoise blue water . Xander step out of a hut build over the water . we see petra sprawle out on the deck in a bikini . she 's get a bucket of hinano Beer chill down . it 's a vision of heaven . he lay down next to she , start pull she bikini bottom off . petra ( laugh ) what be you do ? xander it 's about you next mission . you need to be debrief . from underwater - we see the two of they dive into the lagoon nude . there 's too many bubbles to see any real skin , but we know what they be up to . back on the surface we see bubble rise and catch glimpsis of they outline beneath the water . the camera pull back to the deck , where we see Xander 's communicator on the table next to the beer . we hear they surface and start splashing off camera . then the damn communicator start to beep . fade out . the end