y the last man by Brian K. vaughan base on the series from vertigo Comics created by Brian K. vaughan & pia Guerra Michael shlain c/ of the Shapiro lichtman Agency 8827 beverly Blvd . Los Angeles , CA 90048 ( 310 ) 859-8877 draft 1.2 int . minivan - day open hard on the passenger seat of a speed minivan , where a male teenager be slump against he blood-stain window . he 's dead , and a distinctly female voice be scream in recognition of this horror . pull out to reveal that this voice belong to the minivan 's driver , the late teen 's mother , who 's presumably racing to a hospital . mother why ? why be this happen ?! pull out even more to reveal two more dead boy in the back seat of the vehicle . more subtle this time . they be slump over they psp . we can not see they face . mother just hold on ! I be go to get you help ! I be -- the mother be cut off mid-sentence by exploding glass , as she windshield rupture on impact with another vehicle . ext . new jersey intersection - continuing cut outside as a speed FIRE truck run a red light and easily knock aside the minivan that dare cross its path . int . FIRE truck - continuing behind the wheel , a rock -hard female firefighter shake she head at the smaller vehicle that stupidly ignore she blaring siren . female firefighter fuckin 's woman driver ... ext . new jersey STREET - continuing outside , the street be litter with crash car , most of which contain the corpse of recently decease male driver . a few small fire dot the landscape . this look more like Fallujah than Jersey . the fire truck reluctantly slow to a halt as it confront a jersey CITY police car park in the middle of the road . outside the squaddie , a Hispanic female police officer be cradling the lifeless body of she male partner , whose face be smear with fresh blood . the female firefighter hop out of she vehicle to assist she sister - in-arm . female firefighter marianella ! policewoman they be dead , nat . the whole precinct . female firefighter I know , I be the only one leave from ladder ten . it 's ... it 's gotta be Al Qaeda . smallpox or something . policewoman then why be we okay ? why be not we - — the female officer be interrupt by the sudden arrival of a ambulance , which screech to a halt inch from the two other emergency vehicle . a female emt hop out and sprint over to the other uniform woman . female emt what the hell be happen ? dispatch say I be the only bus respond to call . female firefighter be you dispatcher a woman ? suddenly , a wailing SOUND be hear , like a distant wounded animal . female emt what difference do that make ? the sound grow louder . policewoman be you dispatcher a fuck woman ? ! female emt yuh --y . yes . why ? the woman raise they voice to compete with the alien sound , which be even louder now . policewoman it 's the man ! all of the man be -- pull out , as the sound reveal itself to be a boeing 747 . it 's fall out of the goddamn sky . a split-second before the plummete aircraft crash into this unlucky trio , we smash CUT to : white text on black background : brooklyn , new york . five hour ago . yorick ( v.o. ) do you know elvis have a twin brother ? int . office - morning Inside a tastefully decorate office , we learn that the voice behind this non sequitur belong to yorick brown , a oddly attractive 20 - something white guy who look all wrong in a tie . he 's wear one anyway . yorick 's stare right at we as he nervously ramble : yorick it 's true . jesse garon presley . he be a identical twin , stillborn a few minute before gladys give birth to the King . they bury he in a shoebox . how insane be that ? I mean , what if jesse have live and elvis have die ? or vice versa ? it 's destiny , right ? why do fate choose one man over another and all that ? cut across the desk to the unimpress female executive who 's apparently be interview yorick . female executive and that 's why we should hire you to be a assistant editor ? yorick I be just say , I be more elvis than jesse . plus , I be a ninja with the grammar . ma ’am . the woman look over yorick 's resume . female executive you have not work since you graduate more than two year ago ? yorick no , I have , uh , sorta be do the kerouac thing . minus the road trip . or travel . or leave my apartment at all , really . I have be think . mostly think . female executive Mr. Brown ... yorick yorick . please . Mr. Brown be my father . my grandfather , actually . Professor Brown be my old man . he -- female executive yorick , I will be honest . with you lack of publishing experience , I never even would have give you a interview if congresswoman Brown have not ask I personally . yorick my ... my mom call you ? female executive I be sorry , son . you be a good kid , but you be still a kid . push in on yorick , not quite ready to give up . yorick do you know Nixon once deputize elvis to be a secret agent ? white text on black background : williamsburg , virginia . four hour ago . agent 355 ( v.o. ) the President be a bitch . int . doll factory —- morning it 's after hour inside a dimly light doll factory that 's cluttere with unassemble plastic body part of girl 's toy . stand under a naked bulb in this warehousezed room be agent 355 , a late-twenty African - american woman who could kill you with a single dreadlock . agent 355 if you want he dead , I be you man . pull out , as we reveal that agent 355 be speak with two man , a seat russian businessman and the nervous assistant stand behind he . businessman and yet ... you be not . I be pay for a assassin , not a -- assistant the woman come very highly recommend , sir . she take down the head of Roberto oil . in Venezuela ? 355 smile . agent 355 have not you hear ? we be the deadlier of the species . if mother Russia could hold onto she bride better , maybe you would not have to outsource all you dirty work . the frown Russian businessman just stare at 355 ... but he grimace eventually give way to a smile . businessman you remind I of my first wife . agent 355 messy divorce ? businessman I cut she face off and have it stretch into a lampshade . agent 355 ( ignore this ) give I the first ten million now , and potus will be dead before he leave he stupid ranch . the businessman motion to he assistant , who bring 355 a suitcase . just as he 's about to hand over this case , 355 grab the assistant 's wrist and twist it behind he back . with she free hand , 355 pull out a glock , which she press to she startle hostage 's head . agent 355 Federal agent ! you be both under arrest ! businessman which federal agency ? agent 355 you be not really in a position to be ask question , fuckface . the businessman calmly raise a finger , and gunshot ring out as the hostage 's chest suddenly explode . the dead assistant slump to the ground , as several heavily armed russian bruiser step out of the shadow behind they boss . businessman hurt she as much as you want , but I get to finish it . 355 's eye narrow , as she use she free hand to pull out a ballistic baton , which she extend with a satisfy think . the first of the six thug run at 355 , and she promptly shoot he in the chest , knock he to the ground . the next use he muscular forearm to chop the Glock out of 355 's hand , but she swing she metal baton right into one of he eye socket . as this blind man scream in pain , two more charge at 355 . she grab the first by he thick neck and snap it by use he skull as a fulcrum to swing around and kick he partner in the face with devastating force . 355 continue to throw punch and break bone , until she 's eventually overpower by Russian muscle . as the man wrestle she to the ground , 355 look up to see the businessman hold one of he goons 's machine gun . businessman I be go to enjoy read by the light of you face . and with that , he smashes she in the skull with the butt of the weapon , knock she unconscious . ext . apartment build - morning a deject yorick shamble towards he rundown brownstone in queen , as a airplane roar directly overhead . he life right next door to LaGuardia Airport . what a nightmare . int . apartment build - continuing as yorick force open the sticky front door , he 's greet by he very pregnant neighbor , who 's retrieve she mail . neighbor how would it go , yorick ? yorick better than the last three ? neighbor well , you will get it next time . yorick look at she belly . yorick you know yet or you want it to be a surprise ? neighbor oh , we just find out . Little boy . yorick seriously ? congrat , that 's so -- the two be immediately interrupt by they transvestite landlord , a man try ( unconvincingly ) to pass as a woman . s/he angrily sling open the door to he / she ground floor apartment . transvestite landlord something in you apartment smell like shit . yorick oh. yeah . sorry . I ... I think I burnt popcorn last -- transvestite landlord it 's literally shit , yorick . the lease say no animal ! yorick quickly gather he bill and trudge up the stair . yorick ( under he breath ) no , it say no cat or dog ... yorick push into he dark pad , a hilariously tiny studio apartment decorate with poster of houdini and other assort nerdery . yorick ampersand ? amp ? where be you , buddy ? you questionable hygiene have run its course , little man . time for -- suddenly , a dark figure step out of the shadow , startling yorick , who scream like a girl . white text on black background : ramallah , palestine . three hour ago . alter ( v.o. ) who the hell be you ? ext . street of ramallah —- evening this question belong to colonel alter tse xelon , a thirty - — something soldier of the israeli Defense force . she 's hold a large machine gun and smoking casually , as be she soldier , several of whom also happen to be female . pull out to reveal that Alter be address a american television reporter and he cameraman . reporter we be Americans . alter I never would have guess . alter be join by she second - in-command , a attractive young israeli female soldier name rachel . rachel they be do a piece on female combat soldier , Alter . alter they be not do anything until we patrol be finish . suddenly , gunshot ring out . the reporter and he cameraman flinch , but the israeli soldier just casually toss they cigarettes aside . reporter be ... be they shoot at we , um , Alter ? alter my name be Colonel tse’elon , and you will address I as such . come , my team and I will get you to safety . the reporter subtly signal for he cameraman to keep filming , as Alter escort the crew double - time through the dark street . reporter so , how do you -- alter twenty - one month of military service be compulsory for all israeli woman . reporter yeah , but this be sort of a new phenomenon , right ? woman on the front line ? alter my grandmother cross into enemy territory during we War of Independence , and she grandmother be part of the all - female battalion of death during the Russian Revolution . Alter stop , and turn to speak directly into the videographer 's camera . alter defend we territory at any cost be in woman 's blood , as the new crop of girl strapping on bomb belt for Islamic Jihad will be happy to -- without warning , a nearby car explode in a deafen burst of sound and fury , knocking everyone to the ground . int . yorick 's apartment —- morning match this flash , a frighten yorick flip on he light switch , illuminate a unexpected vision stand before he : a 20 - something blonde bombshell name beth deville , much too beautiful for a geek like yorick ... or be she ? Beth 's wear a trenchcoat that 's close tight over she thin body . 10 yorick Beth ? beth hey , handsome . yorick I think you be not come over for another -- she kiss he . beth you talk too much . yorick smile , as he look down at she coat . yorick what 's with the trench ? you be fly to sunny Los Angeles , not old - timey London . beth I be insulted . this be what I wear to we first date , remember ? Midnight screen of Miller 's cross at the angelika ? you say I look like a degenerate flasher . yorick that be not we date ! you be still see my troglodyte of a roommate . beth so , you be see Libby ! yorick you guy set I up with she ! and she cover she eye every time someone in the movie get shot . beth well , my date keep fall asleep . yorick ( pull Beth close ) but right after the Danny Boy scene , when Leo blow that guy 's brain out and steal he tommy gun , you turn to I and whisper , '' that be the coolest motherfuck thing I have ever see . '' he kiss she . yorick and that 's when I know you be the only degenerate flasher I would ever love . beth and that 's when I know I need a better wardrobe . Beth undoe she trenchcoat , revealing skimpy lingerie underneath . yorick be predictably awestruck . yorick wow . I mean , that be -- beth shh . it 's a go - away present . yorick but , I be not the one leave town ... unless that pharmaceutical nerd want you so bad , they have throw in a extra ticket . Beth sigh . they have obviously have this conversation before . beth my internship 's only for three month , yorick . yorick sure , until you discover the cure for cancer , and they offer you -- fed up , Beth push yorick to the floor and climb on top of he . beth do you have protection ? yorick fumble for a nearby box . he tip it over and out spill duct tape , a gasmask , and various canned good . yorick do you have anthrax ? Beth kiss he . beth it 's fine . 12 she start grind against he . yorick be ... be you sure that 's safe ? beth yeah , I be on the shot . yorick kiss she back , but stop abruptly . yorick wait , what shot ? Beth smile . beth the one I invent . Close on yorick 's panicked expression . white text on black background : cleveland , ohio . two hour ago . victoria ( v.o. ) what the hell be you talk about ? int . convention CENTER - day stand outside of a large convention center ballroom be victoria , a conservatively dress redhead in she late thirty . she 's argue with a registration official , while dozen of male grandmaster play chess behind he . victoria I register month ago ! registration official I be sorry , Mrs . -- victoria it 's Ms. if they do not put it under my last name , try Victoria . registration official ma’am , it do not matter what you name be , I can not let you compete . the woman 's tournament be not until next week . 13 victoria '' women' ? '' we be play chess . this be a competition of the mind ! registration official you will have to take that up with the organizer , mar ’am . victoria you call I '' mar ’am '' one more time , I all rip out you hair plug . registration official Security ! two men in blue blazer rush over to remove Victoria . victoria I be a grandmaster ! I could beat any man in that room ! the security officer grab Victoria , but she shake they off and step away from the registration table . on she way out of the center , she look back and threaten : victoria there 's a reason the queen be the most powerful piece , you know ! int . yorick 's apartment - day back in he pad , a post - coital yorick be in bed now , lie next to a disrobe Beth . yorick be that okay ? Beth smile as she run she finger over he chest . beth which part of '' faster , harder , again '' confuse you ? yorick no , I mean , about I finish , um , inside you . Beth roll over , a little hurt . beth yorick , this be what get I my stupid scholarship . ( more ) 14 beth ( cont would ) the hormone I synthesize be just as effective as the pill . yorick then why not just take that ? beth because if it be not for research be brave enough to test shit on themselves , we would still have malaria and anemia and a million other disease . yorick you do not have a disease , Beth . ( a nervous beat ) do you ? Beth stand , cover herself in a blanket . beth baby , you have no idea what it 's like to bleed for day on end . but the science exist for woman to permanently suppress ovulation , to get rid of the monthly visitor forever . yorick I think you be the one girl who do not mind the sight of blood . beth ( a little melancholy ) yeah , well ... people change , I guess . yorick as long as you be sure it , you know , work . Beth smile again , as she rub she flat stomach . beth I promise , the last thing I want be any little surprise in my -- suddenly , a SMALL creature leap out of the shadow and land on Beth 's shoulder . understandably , she scream . white text on black background : san francisco , california . one hour ago . 15 a screeching animal be hear under this title card . int . laboratory - morning Inside a hi-tech facility , a rat hiss in pain as it 's injected with a long syringe . pull out to reveal that we be in a laboratory filled with cage lab animal ( mouse , baboon , etc . ) . the scientist behind this experiment be dr . allison mann , a stoic chinese - american woman in she early thirty . dr . mann easy , girl . it only hurt the first time . visitor ( 0.s. ) yeah , I have use that line a few time myself . Mann turn to see she visitor , a intimidating man wear the kind of standard - issue black suit that suggest you be about to be kill or audite or both . dr . mann then here 's a new one for you . '' no mean no . '' I have tell you a hundred time , I be not interested in help you . visitor Dr. Mann , China be dangerously close to become a peer competitor to the United States , and unless we can slow the growth of its strategic arsenal -- dr . mann why be you people come to I ? I be chinese ! visitor no , you be chinese - american , and if you have any love for you heritage or the family you leave behind , Dr. ming , you would not have take you new name from a faux - Oriental movie theater in l.a . dr . mann ( coldly ) I be eighteen when I do that . 16 visitor Doctor , you country need you . dr . mann I be interested in create life , not destroy it . visitor yeah , but you work be not cheap , be it ? it would be a shame if you funding suddenly expire . Mann stop what she 's do . dr . mann be you threaten I ? visitor look , allison , we be not interested in hurt anyone . we be just look for way to alter the geopolitical landscape if and when push come to shove with the people 's Republic . dr . mann whatever , along with be junk science , you plan be a grotesque violation of the natural order . visitor and animal cloning be not ? dr . mann every twin on the planet be a '' clone . '' there 's a precedent . what you be suggest be impossible . the visitor toss a classified file folder onto Mann 's desk . it 's label '' setting son : primate research proposal '' visitor we will see . dr . mann what be this ? visitor the first step . call I if you want to be there for the second . 17 before exite the lab , the visitor tap on one of the sleep baboon 's glass prison , cause the froth animal to spring to life . int . yorick 's apartment - day a mortify yorick scream at he off-screen pet . yorick ampersand , no ! cut over to Beth , who be try to pry ampersand , a male capuchin helper monkey , off of she shoulder . beth what the hell be it ? yorick ( draw a '' & '' in the air with he finger ) you know , that curly symbol for '' and , '' like in Turner & hooch or -- beth I know what a ampersand be , asshat . what be ... ow ! as the diaper- clad monkey bite Beth 's finger , yorick reach out to take the animal . yorick I be so sorry . he 's suppose to be a helper monkey . beth please do not tell I you have get that lazy . yorick it 's not for I . I volunteer to train this feces-slinging bastard to help quadriplegics with they daily chore and shit . I want to have he ready before you leave , but he get stick in custom after some kind of paperwork screw - up , so -- beth yorick , you could not keep sea monkey alive . why would you do that ? 18 Beth walk into the tiny bathroom to wash she wound , close the door behind she and leave yorick alone with he pet . yorick I do not know . I guess I just want to use my abundant free time to help people . I mean , you and the rest of my globetrot pal be off save the world or whatever , and I have not do a goddamn thing for anyone . beth ( 0.s. ) yorick , look . before I go , there 's ... there 's something I need to tell you . yorick pull a tiny BOX out of a nearby drawer , and look down at the little cube thoughtfully . yorick wait , I first . I have be meaning to say this for a long time . he open the box , revealing a modest engagement ring . as he speak , Beth run the water in the bathroom , just barely drown out he quiet voice . yorick Beth , you be brilliant and sexy and you know the name of all six and half of the Three stooge . I do not even know they make woman like you . I want to spend -- yorick nervously shut the little ring box as Beth step out of the bathroom , now wear conservative attire . beth I should really go , baby . before yorick can protest , she kiss he deeply . beth i’1l call you every day , okay ? yorick wait , um , can I at least carry you bag ? Beth reach out to pet ampersand with she newly bandage finger . 19 beth you should probably stay here and take care of chim chim , huh ? besides , it 's not like I have very far to walk . on cue , the window in yorick 's apartment begin to rattle as a passenger jet thunder directly overhead . a deject yorick watch Beth leave , as ampersand pick something out of he hair . int . doll factory - day agent 355 be now seat in a fold chair , with she hand handcuffed behind she . the bruise on she face suggest that she 's be torture for the last few hour by the Russian mobster and he henchmen . businessman I nil ask you one more time , what be you name ? agent 355 I tell you , I be agent 355 . businessman fuck the rank and serial number bullshit ! tell I you name ! agent 355 my colleague will be here any second now . businessman it 's be hour . if anyone know where you be , they would have be here already . now tell I who you work for . 355 say nothing , as the businessman begin play with the collapsible baton he take from she . he 's suggestively extend and retract the hard metal rod . businessman if you can not put word in you mouth ... perhaps we will find something else to put in there . as the businessman nod , one of he henchmen unzip he pants and approach 355 , who bravely grit she tooth . 20 ext . street of ramallah - night in the aftermath of the explosion , several israeli armore vehicle have arrive to provide backup ( and escort the shake american reporter and he cameraman to safety ) . a bandage Alter be smoking on top of a park tank , as Rachel , she second - in - command arrive with a situation report . alter how many ? rachel six injure , two dead . noa and sagee . Alter take a long drag off she cigarette . alter thank you , Rachel . just then , male voice ( speak Hebrew ) be hear scream over Rachel 's radio . gradually , the scream become live , as the male soldier surround they begin to scream as well . alter the hell ...? ext . cleveland park - day Victoria be sit on a park bench , watch as overweight man in business suit walk past . she 's roll a pawn piece back and forth across she knuckle . int . airplane - day as a baby cry somewhere in the plane 's cabin , a pensive Beth be look out she window at the world far below . she 's the only person in she aisle . african - american man ( 0.s. ) Excuse I . Beth turn to see a handsome thirty - something african - american man . 21 african - american man really sorry to bother you , but that kid be drive I insane . mind if I sit here ? Beth look up at he . a brief beat . beth not at all . int . laboratory - morning Dr. Mann pace as she talk on she cell phone . dr . mann listen to I , you have to stop this now . I / x11 give you whatever you want , but if you go through with this without my guidance ... the doctor look up as she hear one of she animal whimper in pain . she return to she phone , but the line 's dead . dr . mann hello ? dhello ...? int . yorick 's apartment - day a deject yorick feed small piece of fruit to he monkey , who promptly fling they across the room . yorick just you and I now . black text on white background : now ext . space - now Earth hang silently in the void . at the speed of light , zoom in on the planet , until we come to rest on a aboriginal man in the Australian Outback . he cough into he hand , and look down to see a few drop of blood . 22 int . doll factory - day as one of the menace Russian henchmen approach the handcuff agent 355 , she kick he in the knee , painfully hyperextending the joint . he collapse , and 355 use the momentum to fall backwards and slide free of she chair . with she hand still cuffed behind she , she wheel kick to she foot ... only to find the Russian businessman with he gun press to she temple . 355 close she eye and prepare for the worst , when this man suddenly begin cough violently . she watch in disbelief as he begin to vomit blood . the businessman drop he gun and 355 's baton to grab at he own throat , as he suddenly begin to bleed out of he eye , nose and ear . his henchmen soon follow suit . 355 can only watch in stunne confusion as the Russian terrorist die painful death , leave she all alone in the quiet factory . int . tokyo stock exchange - morning a lone secretary scream in terror as hundred of japanese businessmen begin to bleed out of every orifice in a tsunami of crimson . ext . street of ramallah - night as male soldier begin to drop leave and right , Rachel pull out a hypodermic and scream in Hebrew at she fellow troops . rachel it 's a attack ! use you atropine ! but before she can inject herself , Alter grab the young soldier 's wrist . alter no . this can not be gas . it 's ... it 's just the man . int . the vatican - evening a group of nun scream at each other in italian as they carry the lifeless body of several catholic priest . 23 ext . cleveland park — day as the male contingent of the morning rush collapse to the sidewalk , push in on Victoria , who set down she chess piece ... and smile . ext . amsterdam red light district - evening scantily clad prostitute press against the glass of they storefront window to look out at the johns bleed out across the street of the Netherlands . int . laboratory - morning as she male lab animal writhe in pain , a enraged Dr. Mann pick up a heavy glass beaker and throws it against the wall . ext . mombasa , kenya - dusk a female giraffe stand watch over the body of she lifeless mate , as a train spectacularly derail in the background . int . airplane - day as frightened female passengers cry and scream , Beth push she way past she now decease aisle- mate to accost a catatonic flight attendant . the suddenly pilotless plane rock to one side , knock Beth into the woman . beth we have to get inside that cockpit ! flight attendant what 's the point ? this be the rapture . God do not choose we . beth what be you talk about ? this be some kind of ... of germ warfare ! why would God only take the man ? flight attendant because we be the daughter of Eve . we create sin when we tempt Adam in the -- a furious Beth pull the flight attendant close to she by the front of she uniform and whisper a inch from she face . 24 beth listen to I , you dumb bitch . you will pull yourself together and help we land this plane or I and every woman in this cabin will kick the live shit out of you in hell . the flight attendant stare at she blankly . int . johnson space CENTER , TEXAS - day a frantic female NASA scientist rush past she recently decease mission control colleague to attend to hundred of flash light . female voice from speaker ( through heavy static ) Houston , Houston ... do you read ...? int . yorick 's apartment - day yorick be startle by the sound of a distant crash , follow by muffle scream outside he door . carry ampersand on he shoulder , he nervously step out into he hallway , only to see he transvestite landlord collapse on the floor . his / she long wig be lie ina puddle of blood . yorick briana ...? yorick look up when he hear faint whimper on the stairwell . he race over to find the pregnant neighbor woman he speak with earlier . there 's blood run down she leg , and she 's cradling something we can not quite see in she arm . neighbor I ... I lose he , yorick . hear cry of help come from the street , yorick reluctantly leave this woman to step outside . there , he 's greet by a dead mailman , a dead delivery boy , a dead homeless man , and much , much more male carnage . woman run in fear and confusion , as a plane smashes into a AIR traffic control tower in the background . horrify beyond word , yorick can only cover he mouth , while the animal on he shoulder scream . 25 white text on black background : y the last man ext . street of WASHINGTON , d.c . - night this suburban street be crowded with crash car . a large sign read : '' lady : dusk -to-dawn curfew strictly enforced . '' pull out to reveal a lone figure . this person be hold one of that small animal carrier for little dog , and wear a hooded poncho and gasmask not unlike the one we see in a certain emergency preparedness kit earlier . it 's yorick . suddenly , a blaring horn be hear , as the disguise yorick dive out of the way to avoid be hit by a out - of - control garbage truck , which careen into a nearby tree . white text on black background : WASHINGTON , D.C. six week later . a daze woman step out of the truck 's smoking cab . by all account , she 's a supermodel , a stunningly gorgeous 19 - year - old woman wear the odd combination of fashionably tight attire and heavy - duty work glove . supermodel oh my god . Lady , be you okay ? yorick ( muffle by gasmask ) I ... I be fine . supermodel you sure ? what 's wrong with you voice ? yorick just ... get the wind knock out of I . supermodel I be so sorry . I just start drive this thing , and I still suck at brake . do not exactly handle like my old miata , you know ? I should probably ... 26 the supermodel walk around to the back of she garbage truck and react with disappointment . supermodel aw , shit . yorick what ? supermodel they fall out . cut to the back of the truck , where several badly decomposed male corpse have fall out of the vehicle . yorick oh , Christ . they be ... they be all ... supermodel yep , all mine . but if you gimme a quick hand with this dude , I might consider share the profit . yorick this ... this be you job ? supermodel I know , right ? it 's be more than a month , and there be still a ton of single dude rotting in they apartment . she start drag one of the lighter corpse . supermodel everyone 's worried about disease and shit , so the cdc pay I a can of food for every corpse I bring in . only work I could find . fucked up , huh ? yorick pick up he animal carrier and look inside to make sure its occupant be still safe . a little monkey 's paw reach out before yorick push it back in . supermodel I use to have a modeling contract with wilhelmina , and now I ’ma goddamn garbage girl . worst part be , I spend three grand on my boob two day before the Plague hit . fat lot of good we tit do we now . 27 yorick what do you do with this body ? supermodel I take ‘em over to rfk . no one 's use the stadium anymore , so they turn it into one of that ... whatchamacallits . crematorium . yorick try not to puke . supermodel you all right ? take a few deep breath . you do not have to wear that mask anymore , you know . if whatever wipe they out could have hurt we , we would be dead already . the mask figure turn and walk away from the confuse model , leave she alone with she work . yorick yeah , well , better safe than sorry . ext . large house - night later that evening , the mask figure arrive at a expensive home , completely unlit thanks to the lack of electricity . int . large house - continuing yorick push he way inside the dark foyer . he finally take off he mask , revealing a few day worth of stubble . yorick hello ? be anybody -- without warning , a figure step out of the shadow and clock yorick in the head with a heavy mag flashlight . yorick ow ! Son of a bitch ! yorick rub he head as he turn to see the woman we ’1ll soon learn be he mother , congresswoman Jennifer Brown . yorick literally , I guess . the woman turn on the flashlight to get a better look at the young man she just strike . 28 congresswoman brown yorick ? be ... be that you ? yorick hi , mom . the congresswoman drop she flashlight and embrace she son . congresswoman brown I pray every second , yorick . I pray every second for you , but I never think -- yorick I be sorry . it take I week just to get out of New York . yorick 's 's mother begin to weep tear of joy . she hug he again , stroking he hair so hard she 's almost pull it out . congresswoman brown tell I this be real . please . I can not live through another goddamn dream like this , yorick . I can not -- yorick it 's real . I check on all my friend . David and Jeff and Dan and jay and -- congresswoman brown and be you ...? yorick the only one ? I think so . unless dad ... I mean , be daddy still ...? congresswoman Brown wipe away she tear , and give she son a look that clearly say '' no . '' yorick damn . goddamn it . goddamn it ! yorick punch a wall as hard as he can . he collapse to the floor , take a seat next to he pet carrier . yorick dry he eye with the back of a sleeve . yorick I ... I think maybe it be hereditary . I think whatever keep I alive might have -- 29 suddenly , the door to the pet carrier spring open , and ampersand come scurry out . yorick 's mom react the same way everybody do to this animal . congresswoman brown Jesus ! what the hell be that ? yorick his name 's ampersand . I be training he to be a helper monkey . I be , anyway . congresswoman brown him ? but the NSA say every male mammal - — yorick I do not know , but whatever keep I alive must have also shield this guy . congresswoman brown or maybe that animal be carry something that shield you from whatever kill all the other man . yorick huh . guess I have not consider that . yorick 's mom subtly shake she head . she love this kid , but he clearly have not think through he situation . yorick whatever . I be all alone . congresswoman brown ( squeezing he hand ) we do not know that , honey boy . have you talk with Beth ? yorick no , she be in a plane when everything go down , and ... and there be piece of 747 strewn everywhere . I mean , what percentage of pilot be woman ? four ? five ? congresswoman brown yorick . there 's something you should hear . 30 int . study - night cut inside the study of the late Professor Brown , where yorick 's 's mom be play a message from the family answer machine . ampersand be sit on yorick 's shoulder . from machine you have one save message . yorick wait , you phone still work ? congresswoman brown if there 's a operator on duty . now quiet . my generator do not have much juice leave . from machine Mrs. Brown ? I be ... I be sorry to bother you . yorick ( relieved ) Beth . from machine I ... I do not know what 's go on back on the East Coast , but I just live through a emergency landing , and I be on my way to l.a . I can not get a hold of you son , but if he 's still ... if he 's still around , I be sure he will come to you first . please tell he - beep - congresswoman Brown turn off the machine . yorick I be go to she . congresswoman brown do not be absurd , yorick . yorick she need I ! congresswoman brown and we will find someone to bring she to you , but you be potentially this country 's -- this world 's -- most valuable resource . ( more ) 31 congresswoman brown ( cont would ) the rest of the government have to know about you , so we can decide what to do next . yorick what rest of the government , mom ? I mean , who 's even in charge here ? congresswoman brown President Rice . yorick ( " we be fuck . ) condi ? congresswoman brown I do not want to hear any of that misogynist bullshit from you , kid . other country do not collapse under thatcher or indira or ... or mier , and we be go to hold it together , too . yorick yeah , but what about Congress ? be not , like , 90 % of you dead ? you be the one who always complain that fuck burundi have more female politician than we ! congresswoman brown and you might be able to help we change that . yorick how , by lock I in the oval Office so I can be a... a stud for however many woman you want I to inseminate ? congresswoman brown I have no intention of whore out my own son , yorick . but you need to be somewhere safe . yorick 's mom gently push she son ( and he animal ) outside the study . congresswoman brown now go upstairs , get some sleep . we will figure out the rest of this in the morning . before close the door , she try to reassure yorick . 32 congresswoman brown everything 's go to be all right , kid . I love you . alone now , yorick turn to look at he empty house . int . yorick 's childhood bedroom - night upstair , yorick carry he monkey into he boyhood room , which be light only by what moonlight stream inside . yorick notice a few box label '' nyu , '' leftover memory from he last year at college . he open one of this cardboard container , and pull out a unframed photograph . it 's a picture of he with Beth at a college Halloween party . yorick be wear a straitjacket , and Beth be dress in the top hat and fishnet stocking of a magician 's assistant . Beth be hold up bunny ear behind the laugh yorick . he flip the picture over , and scribble on the back be a hand - write note from Beth that read , '' yorick brown + beth deville = drunken magic forever '' yorick smile , but he happiness fade as he think of how far away he best friend be . he clutches the photo against he chest , fall back into he old bed , and close he eye . int . yorick 's childhood bedroom - later that night smash cut to a few hour later for this image of a sleep yorick , as he eye suddenly spring OPEN . we can hear people arguing off-screen . a nervous yorick quietly open he bedroom door to look down at the verbal fight transpire in the foyer just below . int . foyer - continuing downstair , yorick 's mother be yell at two athletic - looking female secret service agent . congresswoman brown this be not part of we deal ! you tell I you be just go to escort he to the White House ! secret service agent # 1 I be sorry , mar ‘am . there just be not enough secret service agent leave to guarantee he safety there . 33 congresswoman brown then where be you take he ? secret service agent # 2 to a classified location . congresswoman brown like fuck you be ! this be my child ! I be not go to let you kidnap he ! secret service agent # 1 ma’am , please lower you voice . this be above all we head , so ... just then , the secret service agent look upstairs and catch a glimpse of yorick in he bedroom doorway . he immediately slam the door shut . secret service agent # 2 ( to she partner ) take he . int . yorick 's childhood bedroom —- continuing panick , yorick throws on he backpack and stuff ampersand inside he carrier . his mom 's voice can be hear off -screen , as can the heavy footstep of the rapidly approach agent . congresswoman brown ( 0o.s. ) yorick , I be sorry ! I be so sorry ! yorick start to climb out he second - story window , but before he do , he reach back and grab the photo of beth . the two secret service agent soon kick OPEN he flimsily lock door ... but yorick have already disappear . ext . backyard - continuing dropping to a concrete patio , yorick ( still carry ampersand 's case ) land awkwardly and stumble to he foot . he race for the side of he house , where he find a large shape cover by a white sheet . yorick yank it off , revealing a old harley motorcycle . frantically , he start tipping over lawn equipment and nearby bag of plant food look for its keys . 34 yorick ( quietly ) come on , dad , a little help here ... finally , yorick crack open a can of paint , grab the hide treasure inside , and jam the key into the bike 's ignition . it roar to life , just as the two s.s. agent storm outside ! the woman grab for yorick ( who 's riding the bike while carry amp 's case on he lap ) , but he deftly out - maneuver they , and race out into the night . ext . street of WASHINGTON , d.c . - night later that evening , yorick ( again wear he hood and gasmask ) weave through the cluttere D.C. intersection on he father 's old motorcycle . ampersand 's carrier be now tie onto the back of the bike . confident that he 's no longer be follow , he stop at a makeshift roadblock to catch he breath and find he bearing . suddenly , yorick hear the sound of singing . he turn to see a funeral procession , hundred of woman march down the street carry candle , flower and memento of they fall brother , husband and son . in the middle of the crowd , yorick spot someone else wear a gasmask . could this be another male in disguise ? yorick slow he bike next to this mask figure . yorick Excuse I . you be not a ... be you a ...? the figure pull off the mask , revealing a weathered forty - something rocker chick . this be heather . heather I know you , sweetie ? yorick oh , I ... I see the mask , and I think maybe you be ... I think maybe you be someone I know . heather sorry , just get so use to wear this thing , it 's kinda become my security blanket . I be Heather , by the by . 35 she hold out she hand for yorick to shake . yorick I be ... Beth . where be you guy head ? heather oh , they turn one of the monument into a kinda memorial for all the man . yorick which monument ? heather guess . Heather point up at the nearby WASHINGTON monument , look particularly phallic in the moonlight . yorick ( under he breath ) always about size with you lady , be not it ? just then , yorick hear the rumble of more motorcycle , as he turn to see a gang of several daughter of the amazon circle this ad hoc shrine to man . this post-apocalyptic survivalist have rifle and other weapon sling over they back , and numerous men 's neckties attach to they belt , like freshly shorn scalp . two of this woman be wear full - face helmet . yorick the hell ? heather daughter of the amazon . yorick I have only hear rumor . they be , like , rove pack of piss - off lesbian , right ? heather they be not gay , they be crazy . be burn down all the sperm bank . yorick why ? 36 heather who know ? some girl will do any stupid shit to get into a gang , long as it mean food and protection . push in on the biker , as one of the helmete woman ( the apparent leader ) remove she helmet to address the crowd of mourner . it 's the female chess grandmaster , victoria . victoria sister , why do you continue to worship at the altar of the patriarchy ? the gendercide be cause for celebration ! it rid the planet of rapist and dictator and serial killer ! the y chromosome be a genetic aberration , one that the planet rightly expunge ! as the largely frighten crowd scatter , Victoria spot the disguise yorick in the background . she turn to two of she underling , theresa ( a young woman with a completely shave head ) and catherine ( the other helmete amazon ) . victoria theresa , Catherine ... a pound of Godiva to whoever bring I that woman 's bike . while the rest of the daughter of the amazon begin attach some kind of electronic device to the base of the Washington monument , Catherine and theresa hop on they bike and speed towards yorick . yorick oh . oh , crap . yorick squeeze the throttle , and he bike jump to life . he squeal past a bewilder Heather , with the two amazon in hot pursuit . Zoom down a side street and away from the crowd , yorick do he best to out - race he two pursuer , but theresa ( the bald one ) pull out a handgun and fire at yorick 's 's back tire , cause he bike to lose control and spark to a painful halt on its chrome side . ampersand whine from inside he carrier , as yorick pull himself out from under the bike . yorick ( groggy , to ampersand ) well , how do you think I feel ? 37 yorick look up to see the two daughter of the amazon stand over he . theresa have she gun train on he face . theresa I will take the mask , too , whore . yorick I be sorry , I ... I can not . the helmete rider beg yorick to be sensible . catherine just do what she say , lady . reluctantly , yorick peel off the gasmask , and the two woman react with appropriate shock and awe to he stubble face . theresa you're ... you be ... yorick stand and put on he best female impersonator voice . yorick ( terrible female impersonation ) it 's just glandular , okay ? theresa you have a Adam 's apple . theresa step forward and put a hand down the front of yorick 's pant . yorick hey ! what be you -- theresa he 's a man ... but just barely . yorick pull away , offended . yorick what be you go to do , rape I ? theresa do not flatter yourself . I be take you to my boss . catherine ( 0.s. ) no . you be not . theresa turn to see Catherine 's gun in she face . 38 theresa Jesus , Catherine , we can split the fuck chocolate . '' Catherine '' finally remove she helmet , revealing that she 's actually agent 355 . agent 355 my name 's not Catherine . theresa what be you talk about ? I have be bunk with you for a week . you 's be -- without hesitate , 355 pistol - whip theresa , instantly knock the girl out . yorick flinch in fear as 355 aim the gun at he , but she instead fire at the front tire of theresa 's bike , before jump back on she own motorcycle . agent 355 ( to yorick ) hop on . yorick like hell , warrior princess . agent 355 I be not a amazon . I be a agent of the culper Ring . yorick pick up he carrier to make sure that ampersand be safe . yorick the what ? agent 355 forget it . we should go before the firework begin . yorick what firework ? suddenly , a deafen explosion be hear , and yorick turn just in time to watch the Washington monument topple on its side , fell like a marble redwood . as the dust from the demolition spread they way , yorick matter - of - factly climb onto 355 's 's bike . yorick right . and away we go . 39 int . tel aviv command CENTER —- morning cut to a israeli war room , where countless young female cadet man phone bank and computer screen . Rachel be look up at a big map of the Middle East with she commander , Alter . this display show heavy troop movement out of Israel and into Lebanon , Syria and Egypt . rachel when do it end ? alter when we people be safe . rachel we people be safe , Alter ... thanks to you . but we no longer have they support . the woman want security , not world domination . alter Security must be earn , Rachel . rachel it be already give to we when the boy die ! Israel have more combat - ready soldier than any nation on the planet now , and you know it ! you have every teenage girl in tel aviv eavesdropp on 192 badly fracture government , and unless the three girl on board that Australian submarine decide to invade the Mediterranean , there be no more threat to we ! we be -- suddenly , a young girl wear headphone call Alter over to she listen station . radio girl Lieutenant - General tse’elon ! I have something ! Alter give Rachel a know look . alter ( to the Radio girl ) on speaker , soldier . over the tinny speaker , the voice of one of the female secret service agent be hear . 40 from speaker I have not be drink , Madame President . congresswoman Brown 's son be alive , and now he 's somewhere out there . we -- rachel another delusional crackpot . alter perhaps , but all it would take be we enemy find a single boy for they to resurrect they entire army . rachel what ? you be not seriously consider waste resource on some wild goose chase , be you ? Alter shoot Rachel dagger before pull the young woman aside to quietly lecture she . alter you be welcome to question I , Colonel , but never in front of my troops . I be you friend , but I be also you superior . rachel you may have ask for this career , Lieutenant - General , but I be just a lowly film student serve she time in you '' stop gap . '' alter so what , you want to make bullshit romantic comedy to sedate the helpless widow ? Rachel look up at the big map with a hint of sadness . alter or do you want to save the world ? ext . interstate - night the motorcycle that 355 and yorick be riding slow to a halt next to a pickup truck . the two dismount . agent 355 you ever siphon before ? 4l yorick kind of a personal question , do not you think ? mind if I ask you name before I start spilling my sexual history ? 355 pull out a small length of rubber hose and go to work transfer fuel from the truck to she motorcycle . agent 355 you can call I 355 . yorick '' Three fifty -five ? '' what be that , some kind of double - oh- seven thing ? agent 355 it 's classified . hear that word again , yorick suddenly grow nervous . yorick you be not part of the secret service , be you ? agent 355 we be a hell of a lot more secret than that . yorick what do that mean ? agent 355 I tell you , I be not allow to ... 355 stop herself . agent 355 fuck it . what 's the point , right ? my boss be all dead . yorick actually look a little relieved to hear this . yorick oh , that 's cool . I mean , it 's not cool , but I be worried you be -- agent 355 355 be the codename assign to this country 's first female spy . she be part of General Washington 's culper Ring during the Revolutionary war. 42 yorick so you be what , one of that be - enactor ? agent 355 you would not have learn this in a.p. History , but Washington never disband the culper Ring . for more than 200 year , we have be secretly work to protect the man and woman of this country . yorick look at a corpse inside one of the nearby vehicle . yorick you be do a bang - up job . 355 spit out gasoline . agent 355 what 's you story ? yorick so far ? a pretty crappy mystery . agent 355 so you have no clue why you be the last guy ? yorick you guess be as lame as mine . I be yorick , by the way . 355 just shoot he a look : '' you think my name be weird ? '' yorick my dad teach ... teach drama . I guess he think name he kid after a obscure Shakespeare character would help he get tenure . the culper Ring agent finish put away she siphon gear . agent 355 well , it 's a good thing I find you when I do . you would not survive another month out there on you own . the amazon movement be grow , and that woman would love nothing more than kill someone like you . 43 yorick why ? I mean , I can see lock I up , but if that violent femme offed the last man , would not they sort of be insure the death of the fairer sex , too ? agent 355 I infiltrate they organization to find out if they have anything to do with whatever cause the global manslaughter . they be smart enough to exploit it , but I do not think they start it . unfortunately for you , they do have a plan to keep humanity go . 355 jump back on the refuele bike . agent 355 and it 's strictly no boy allow . int . georgetown lecture hall - night have finish they work at the Washington monument , the daughter of the amazon have return to this brightly light , peaceful lecture hall , where they be pass out free power bar to the starve woman funnel through the door . on stage , Victoria be address this new recruit while stand next to a large project image of a human egg . victoria parthenogenesis , the development of a embryo without fertilization by amale . it 's every woman 's dream . the joy of creation without have to endure the most painful part of childbirth ... marriage . a few of the hardcore laugh at this , as Victoria change the slide to a image of dr . mann . victoria it 's no longer science fiction thanks to the pioneer work of this woman , bioengineer Dr. allison Mann . by inject a single cell into one egg , she could help we give birth to we own twin . ( more ) 44 victoria ( cont would ) can you imagine , a society of daughter bring into this world without the poisonous seed of man ? we find this woman , and the battle of the sex be win . theresa ( 0.s. ) Victoria ! Victoria look out to see theresa , she bald follower . the girl kneel as she enter the room . victoria off you knee , theresa . you know we be all equal here . dutifully , theresa rise . victoria what happen out there ? be you all right ? theresa you have to put out a dragnet , Victoria . I see one . I ... I sawa man . Close on Victoria , suspicious , but not disbely . ext . baltimore shipping yard - dawn early the next morning , 355 walk she empty motorcycle along a dirt road . a gasmask - clad yorick be strolling beside she , with ampersand on he shoulder . yorick so you be go to Frisco to find this doctor before mad maxine do ? agent 355 that 's the plan . hopefully , Dr. Mann will be able to tell we why you and you animal survive , too . yorick grow nervous . yorick um , actually , I kinda have a prior engagement . so to speak . ampersand and I be head to Los Angeles to find Beth . 45 agent 355 who the hell be that ? yorick a woman I trust more than my own mother . this day , anyway . agent 355 yorick , you have a responsibility . we can look for you girlfriend after we see if there 's anything you can do for the human race . yorick I appreciate the offer , Three , but I be not look for a chaperone . I handle myself just fine out there before you come into the -- agent 355 quiet . ampersand loudly eeks as 355 point at a grizzly sight up ahead , three snarling wolve gnaw on the remains of a male corpse . as the growl animal approach they , a frighten yorick casually step behind 355 . she quickly dispatch the killer wolf with a warning shot fire above they head . a grateful yorick suddenly look a little more amenable to the idea of a travel partner . yorick okay , let 's say I do opt to come with you . how be you get to cali ? agent 355 first , I have to sell we bike . the Plague hit at rush hour out west , so the highway will be too congest with dead guy , even for a motorcycle . yorick but , commercial aircraft have all go the way of boy band . how be we get cross country ? agent 355 the old - fashioned way . 46 355 and yorick finally reach a train yard , where hundred of american woman be line up like refugees , vie for a spot on board a impossibly long diesel train . agent 355 Girls have be trading tampon and vibrator battery for seat in first class , but this wheel should buy we some room in cargo . the mask yorick stare at this overgrown train set , unable to hide he boyish enthusiasm . yorick cool . push into the bustling crowd , where a female scout clearly dress in the garb of the amazon subtly watch yorick and 355 's every move . ext . diesel train - night later that evening , the pack diesel train chug out of maryland . the landscape be pepper with large piece of wreckage from the various passenger jet that crash in the minute follow the Plague . int . freight car —- continuing push inside a freight car , which be fill with box of cargo , but only two passenger , 355 and a unmask yorick . the duo be quietly eat out of can . yorick be feed most of he share to ampersand . yorick I have eat so many can peach over the last few month , I think I shat a cobbler last night . disgust , 355 set down she food . yorick check out the car 's sparse interior . yorick so we be gonna have to sleep in this thing , huh ? hobo-tastic . agent 355 sorry I could not get we book in the four season . 47 yorick you know , I actually stay there one night . after the Plague , right before I leave to find my mom . slept in the presidential suite . agent 355 why ? yorick because I could , I guess . it be mostly sad though . the whole place be pack with homeless woman , and they do not exactly seem ... distraught about the turn of event , you know ? make I wonder if this whole thing happen for a reason . '' and the meek shall inherit the earth , '' and all that . 355 glare at he , half -jok . agent 355 who be you call meek ? ignoring this , yorick stand and look out the car 's open door at the unlit scenery pass by . yorick man , I have no idea where we be at now . all this town look the same in the dark . be it that hard for you lady to turn some light on ? agent 355 electricity do not come through the socket magically , yorick . it take a lot of manpower ... human - power to operate all of the plant and substation . Energy be a male - dominate industry , but other culper Ring agent be out there try to fill the void . yorick so you be not you the only girl in you ... club ? agent 355 Men hold administrative position , but the culper 's undercover agent be all woman . 48 yorick why go the Charlie 's angel route ? 355 stand to stretch she leg . agent 355 because man can think with they brain or with they penise , but not with both . we have better relationship with we body , make we stronger in the field . yorick sure , as long as that field do not contain Mike tyson . agent 355 we be not always as physically powerful , but there 's a reason the best rock climber be woman . we have get you beat in flexibility , agility , problem - solving . yorick yeah , yeah , I have see this sitcom . you be all great , we suck at everything . agent 355 not everything . you ever be to a nursing home ? notice how it 's ninety percent old woman ? same with suicide . we might attempt it more , but you guy usually succeed . yorick so what , you be say the one thing man be better at than woman ... be die ? 355 look out at the darkness . agent 355 you be ahead of we so far . ext . black hawk helicopter - dawn cut to the next morning , as a fleet of steal black hawk helicopter fly past the rise sun . 49 int . black hawk helicopter —- continuing cut inside the passenger section of one of this attack chopper , as Alter and Rachel talk to each other over radio headsets . they be alone here , so Rachel can speak freely . rachel I be still not sure how wise it be to steal vehicle from we most loyal ally . alter the U.S. military be not a ally , Rachel , it 's a distant memory . all of they brass be dead , and the girl they coddle and refuse to let fight be strand in foreign theater . besides , the end justify the mean . the troop transport we use to fly to the States be too slow and unwieldy to keep up with the elusive mister ... Rachel consult she small field notebook . rachel Brown , yorick . we intelligence have nothing on he outside of a social security number and three post to he old blog . he 's a zilch , Alter . if yorick 's really the last , God do not exactly leave we a mose , do he ? alter the fact that you still believe in a higher power after all this be charming . Rachel listen to something come over she headphone . rachel scuttlebutt on the ground be that a young man be recently spot in d.c . but unsubstantiated male sighting be more common than corpse this day , so I continue to question the wisdom of all this . alter my gut say yorick be alive , Rachel . 50 rachel let 's say he be . and let 's say we abduct the Americans 's only son . you realize they 's 1l go to war to get he back . alter we should be so lucky . rachel what do that mean ? alter you see what happen at the Temple mount a few month ago , do not you ? between we own people ? the rioting ? the fistfight ? rachel yeah , well , the ultra-orthodox woman interpret the man 's death a little differently than the rest of we . alter the fight do not begin in earnest until the israeli Defense force ... sedate we arab neighbor . as soon as we remove all of Israel 's external threat , the internal conflict that 's be simmer for year finally come to a boil . the helicopter bank into the sun . alter the same will happen to we friend in the States soon enough . without a outside '' evil '' for its citizen to hate , poor will turn against rich , white against black ... rachel what be you suggest , that the only way to protect peace in we time be to invent a war ? what the hell kind of plan be that ? Alter smile a little mona Lisa grin . alter a very old , very reliable one . 51 int . freight car - morning open tight on a sleep yorick , who 's jolted awake as the stop train begin to move . he bolt upright , and be relieved to see 355 sit across from he with ampersand on she shoulder . strangely enough , the culper Ring agent be knitting . yorick what be you work on ? rifle cozy ? agent 355 just keep my hand busy . the train quickly pick up full speed . yorick how long be we stop ? agent 355 few hour . Crew have to remove a herd of dead cow from the track . yorick bull . agent 355 sorry ? yorick all cow be female . any dead cattle be probably bull . 355 scrunches up she nose as she point at yorick 's shirt . agent 355 yeah , well , speak of rotting livestock ... yorick sniff at himself . yorick whoof . sorry . I have not change my shirt since I get to Washington . agent 355 you want to borrow one of mine ? say what you will about the daughter of the amazon , but they laundry skill be phenomenal . 52 355 take a fresh dress shirt out of she bag . yorick third time you have save my life , Three -fiddy . yorick pull off he dirty T-shirt , and 355 can not help but check out he body . surprisingly , the seemingly scrawny young man actually have a pretty good build . 355 quickly look away as yorick start put on the new shirt . yorick be I have a stroke or be this button suddenly on the wrong side ? agent 355 it 's a woman 's shirt , yorick . deal with it . yorick since when be you button on the leave ? agent 355 since button be invent ? guy use to carry sword , so the leave side of he jacket have to close over the right . so he could draw without he blade get catch in something ? yorick continue to stupidly fumble with he button , and 355 come over to help he . agent 355 lady have servant who do they dress for they , so put button on the leave make it easier for they . yorick that be then , huh ? the two look into each other 's eye for a moment . they be only inch apart here . suddenly , ampersand ( sit on a crate in the background ) interrupt this near-romantic moment with he screeching . yorick settle , amp . what 's get you so ... 355 's ear perk up , too . her expression be grave . 53 agent 355 you hear that ? yorick what be it ? agent 355 the sound of a hundred woman 's cycle synce up . ext . diesel train - continuing outside , the train be now be pursue by dozen of motorcycle be ride by the heavily armed daughter of the amazon . Victoria be in the pole position , as she troops begin to leap off of they bike and board the move freighter 's caboose , like a modern - day great train robbery . int . caboose - continuing as Victoria and she follower climb inside , this rear car 's female passengers scream and clutch they possession . victoria we mean you no harm , sister ! we be simply here to liberate you from the last of you oppressor ! int . freight car —- continuing 355 be look out she freight car 's open side door as the last of the amazon board the rear of the train . she pull she head back inside and slide the door close behind she . yorick how bad ? 355 pull a sawed -off shotgun out of she bag , and hand it to yorick . agent 355 depend how many of this crate have ammo in they . yorick we be not go to fight they , Three ! 54 agent 355 no , I be gonna hold they for as long as I can while you make a break for the conductor . tell she to disconnect the engine from the rest of the car . she give you any trouble , put that scatter gun to she head . yorick but you say it yourself , I can not make it to California on my own ! I need you out there ! push in on 355 as she check the clip of she handgun . agent 355 this be not a democracy , remember ? consider it payback for all the year woman be not allow to vote . yorick ( 0.s. ) yeah , well , I be big into suffrage . 355 turn to see that yorick be aim he shotgun at she head . yorick here 's the new plan . ext . diesel train - continuing the daughter of the amazon be make they way between car of the move train . theresa ( the bald amazon ) take point , and kick open the small door at the rear of yorick and 355 's car . her fellow amazon follow she inside ... but there 's nothing here but big box of freight . yorick and 355 be nowhere to be see . the woman make they way through the car quickly , with Victoria take up the rear . as she follower exit , Vic stop dead in she track . she look down and see a fresh slice of can peach on the floor of this car . she pull out she own .357 magnum and look around , finally notice a crate that 's be recently open , one large enough for two people to hide inside of . Victoria aim she gun at this box as she quickly pry open its side . 55 out come tumble a dozen can of peach ... follow by a dozen hungry rat . they scurry across Victoria 's foot . victoria ahhh ! embarrass by she less - than - brave reaction , Victoria look around to make sure none of she woman hear it . finally , she holster she weapon and prepare to exit the car . but just then , over the rumble of the track , Victoria hear a unfamiliar sound . she look around for its source , before finally stare up at the ceiling of the car . ext . freight car roof - continuing cut onto this car 's roof , where 355 and yorick be hide . yorick be frantically try to shut up ampersand , who 's screeching he little head off here . agent 355 exactly who be that thing suppose to be help ? yorick stuff the monkey into he backpack . yorick it 's not my fault ! he 's fuck learn disabled or something ! victoria ( 0.s. ) Men never be very good teacher . 355 and yorick spin around to see Victoria stand behind they on this move train . a trigger- happy yorick attempt to load a shell into he saw - off shotgun by flipping it by its handle , terminator 2 - style , but sadly , as he spin it , the weapon go flying out of he hand and pinwheel over the side of the train . yorick ( to himself ) Son of a ... 355 be about to draw she weapon , when Victoria warn : victoria I do not have to kill you both , you know . 355 keep she handgun at she side but chivalrously step in front of a clearly grateful yorick . agent 355 yeah . you do . victoria theresa tell I you be not who you say you be , '' Catherine . '' that 's fine . we be all welcome to remake ourselves in this brave new world . but do not tell I that you do not believe what I have to say . 355 listen silently . victoria I look into you eye . I see the way man have hurt you . it 's time to stop protect we abuser like helpless batter wife . we have to step aside ... and let evolution take its course . 56 slowly , reluctantly , 355 step aside , leave yorick expose , not to mention confuse . yorick uh ... Victoria again aim she gun at yorick . victoria thank you , sister . you will be able to tell you granddaughter that you be there to witness the fall of man . agent 355 truer word . all of a sudden , 355 grab yorick and yank he over the side of the move train with she ! pull way out , as the train barrel across a large bridge . 355 and yorick be just tiny figure here , falling a hundred foot before finally splashing into a river far below . Victoria watch in disbelief , as theresa and a few of she fellow amazon join they leader atop the train . theresa Victoria , be you ...? victoria I be ... I be fine . 57 theresa and the man ? victoria ( flatly ) History . ext . wooded area —- magic hour cut to later that early evening , as sonia , a attractive 19 - year - old vixen with tattoo and piercing , carry two bucket of water along the bank of a river . Sonia stop in she track when she see ampersand sit on top of a backpack that 's wash up against a stone . she approach the little capuchin monkey slowly , careful not to frighten it . sonia where would you come from , little guy ? guess they musta open up the zoo like they open up we ... Sonia drop she two pail as she notice something else that 's wash ashore . it 's yorick , waterlogged and unconscious , but alive . sonia thank you , Jesus . int . bedroom - evening we be look through yorick 's p.o.v . as he open he eye , a blurry figure loom over he slowly take shape . yorick ( 0.s. ) Beth ...? Rack focus to reveal that this be actually Sonia . sonia who 's Beth ? yorick bah ! yorick sit up to find that he 's in Sonia 's messy bedroom , lie in she bed . his clothes be dry now . yorick what be this ? 58 sonia take it easy . yorick who be you ? sonia my name 's Sonia . I ... I find you . with you pet . ampersand eek over on Sonia 's dresser . sonia where do you come from , yorick ? yorick how the hell do you know my name ? she hold up yorick 's wallet . sonia you library card . I do not even know people still carry -- yorick oh my god. 355 . be she ...? sonia you mean she ? Sonia point across the hall , through the open door to another bedroom , where agent 355 be sleep peacefully . sonia she 's fine . bit of a bump to the head , but she should be all right . what happen , yorick ? I just find you out there , like Thomas Newton or something . yorick 's confuse . sonia the man who fell to Earth ? yorick seriously ? you a fan of the book or the movie ? sonia both , I guess . mostly bowie , to be honest . 59 yorick 's almost start to fall for this girl , when he notice ampersand play with he ring BOX . feeling guilty , yorick get up to snatch it away . yorick that 's ... that 's cool . sonia anyway , we figure you must be some kind of genetic anomaly , like that prostitute in Africa that be immune to HIV ? yorick huh , I have not ... ( back up ) wait , what do you mean '' we ? '' Sonia walk over to the window of this second - story bedroom . sonia yorick , this be a town of sixty - seven gossipe woman . do you really think I could keep something like you a secret ? yorick join she at the window and look out to see all sixty - seven women , a collection of various age and race ( but no child ) , gather below . they be look up at he expectantly . yorick sigh . int . black hawk helicopter —- evening back inside the passenger hold of Alter 's helicopter , she and Rachel speak to each other over they headsets . rachel we might have a hit , Alter . sixty click due south . Girls in the listen station back home be report a lot of chatter about a twenty - something male wash ashore in a little town call marrisville . alter good work . we will pay a visit right after we refuel . 60 rachel actually , we should probably send as many chopper as we can now . alter why ? you honestly think some undersex american will be ina hurry to leave a entire village of lonely woman ? rachel that 's not my concern , Lieutenant - General . I be worried about who this woman happen to be ... ext . sonia 's home -- evening back at Sonia 's place , yorick 's new friend escort he outside . she introduce he to the town , which stare at this last man with a mixture of disbelief and mistrust . sonia marrisville , this be yorick . yorick , this be marrisville . yorick wave shyly . nina , a middle - age Hispanic woman give yorick the once - over . nina you really the last ? yorick I ... I do not know . I think so . nina hn. Sonia lead yorick through the crowd of gawker . yorick be it just I , or be there no kid in this town ? sonia um , I guess I be the youngest one , yeah . come on , you want to help I in the hydroponic greenhouse ? yorick you have food ? Fresh food ? 61 sonia sure . why so surprised ? yorick it 's just , almost every post - Plague town I have be to have look like the third act of a godzilla movie . yorick look up at the town 's work street lamp . yorick but you guy still have a perfect little utopia . sonia I do not know about that . but we do vote to slaughter one of the lamb for you tonight . and do not feel guilty . lydia want we to get rid of they anyway , before the damn fly eat they alive . yorick lydia ? suddenly , a elderly white woman step out of the crowd . this be lydia . lydia hard to believe that helpless little woman can get by without you kind , huh ? yorick I ... I do not mean any disrespect . lydia we have all have plenty of experience make do without any man around . Nina step forward to try to silence lydia , but the old lady 's on a roll . nina lydia ... lydia back in ' 42 , the only fella leave in this country be the goddamn 4f - er tryin' to get into we overall . Girls be not part of the workforce , we be the workforce . ( more ) lydia ( cont would ) if none of we boy have come home alive , we coulda run this place just fine on we own ... better even . yorick back up , you say you all have experience live without man . how ? I mean , most of you be a little too young to have be do the rosie the riveter thing , right ? sonia maybe lydia can explain herself after we fix you some supper . Sonia start to pull yorick away , but Nina call after he . nina kid . the black girl up there , she you wife ? yorick no ! I mean , she 's just a ... a friend . but Three 's good people . she 's kind of a government agent . but on the downlow , you know ? as Sonia and yorick walk away , Nina and lydia exchange nervous glance . ext . greenhouse - night cut to a few minute later for this establish shot of a impressive greenhouse . its window be fogge with condensation , so we can not quite see inside . int . greenhouse - continuing Sonia and yorick enter the well - light facility , which be fill with fresh flower and vegetable . they be alone now . yorick so , you and you neighbor all seem pretty ... close - knit . do you mind , can I ask , be you all , not that I care , but ...? sonia some be , but it have take a hell of a lot more than all the man die to make I suddenly eat pussy . 63 yorick well , you do not beat around the bush . as it be . sonia no . I do not . suddenly , Sonia pull yorick close and kiss he deeply . yorick push she away , but only eventually . yorick Sonia . sonia what ? oh my god. be ... be you gay ? yorick what ? no ! no , not at all . sonia oh . ' Cause , talk about irony . yorick it 's just , there 's someone else . sonia but you say you bodyguard -- yorick pull out he photo of Beth , which he hand over to Sonia . yorick no , my fiancee 's name be Beth . we be on we way to find she . she 's ... she 's in Los Angeles . sonia it must be hard . Sonia set aside the photo , and press herself against yorick . yorick it be . but yorick gently pull away from she . yorick look , I be flatter , but for some retarded reason , I be pick to survive all this , so I be try not to take advantage of the situation . 64 sonia you be not take advantage of anything , yorick . yorick but I would be . Beth ... Beth be my first , you know ? she be the only woman alive who want I back when I be a unemployed loser . if nothing else , I owe she a little loyalty . Sonia step forward and run she finger through yorick 's hair . sonia I be sure lot of girl want you back then . they just do not know how to tell you . again , she kiss he . harder this time . the two fall backwards onto one of the greenhouse table . Sonia be on top of yorick , who 's clearly wrestle with more than just he conscience . yorick please . you ... you have to get off . sonia ( smile ) I be try . she kiss he again . yorick Beth -- sonia -- will never know . besides , this be not about she . it 's about you help the planet , and the only way you can do that be by sow you seed , right ? yorick I love she . sonia you think JFK do not love Jackie ? you think mlk do not love coretta ? ( more ) 65 sonia ( cont would ) great man fuck around on they wife , yorick , and whether you like it or not , you be the great man alive now . Sonia write against yorick , who 's really struggle to be good . yorick please ... another voice ( 0.s. ) yorick ? Sonia and yorick look up to see a relatively recuperate agent 355 stand in the doorway of this greenhouse . ampersand be on she shoulder . agent 355 you all right ? Sonia and yorick quickly pull themselves apart , like two teens catch make out at Lovers Leap . yorick it 's cool . we be ... we be do here . sonia ( to yorick ) I be so sorry . I ... I do not know what come over I , I - - agent 355 yorick , may I borrow you for a second ? ext . greenhouse - continuing 355 drag the embarrassed last man outside . as yorick finish buckle he pants , amp jump onto he shoulder . yorick look , whatever you see in there ... agent 355 I do not care . we have to get out of here . yorick right now ? I mean , this town be a wonderland . we should at least stock up on provision and -- 66 agent 355 this people be not what you think , yorick . they be -- nina ( 0.s. ) that 's far enough . cut over to Nina , lydia and several of the other resident of marrisville . they all have hunting rifle train on yorick and 355 . nina I be afraid we can not let some spy rat we out to the fed . 355 shoot yorick a dirty look . agent 355 do the secret in secret agent mean anything to you ? yorick what be this ? some kind of militia ? agent 355 there 's a woman 's penitentiary about a mile up the road , yorick . yorick you mean , they be ... they be convict ? sonia ( 0.s . ) escape convict , technically . yorick turn just as Sonia walk out of the greenhouse . sonia when all the man die , the warden decide to turn we loose ... instead of let we starve to death in we cell . the other woman close in on yorick and 355 . nina the guard live in the house we be in now . they take off week ago . guess they could not stand stay where they kin pass . 67 sonia none of we want to get out like this ... but it happen . the other inmate and I all get along pretty well , and we have be take care of ourselves for year already , so this community just kinda ... fall into place . yorick what do you do ? murder someone ? sonia robbed a bank . for a guy . Long story . lydia aim she rifle at yorick . lydia if you be look for a killer , you get one . I shot my bastard of a husband in ' 59 and I do not regret it for a goddamn second . Sonia walk over to lydia and push she rifle down . sonia ( to yorick and 355 ) please . we just want to live in peace . agent 355 ( to the woman ) this be not my jurisdiction , and we have no intention of tell anyone about you situation . nina why should we believe some spook ? 355 start to lose she cool , so it 's yorick 's turn to play peacemaker . agent 355 for you sake , I hope you be talk about my occupation and not my race . yorick look , let 's all just ... pretend tonight never happen , okay ? 355 and I have bigger thing to worry about , so we be just gonna -- 68 suddenly , yorick be illuminate from directly overhead by a burningly bright spotlight . he look up , half - expect to see a mother ship here to take he home . a whirlwind kick up dirt and leave as three black hawk helicopter descend into view . nina it 's a setup ! agent 355 no , I have nothing to do with this ! like the word of God , a familiar voice boom from the heaven over one of the chopper 's loudspeaker . it 's Alter . from helicopter woman of marrisville , this be not you fight ! Hand over the boy , and no one will be harme ! as the helicopter circle to land in a nearby field , a baffle yorick turn to 355 . yorick why do everyone keep call I boy ? I be a college graduate ! Nina again swing she rifle in 355 's direction . nina whatever , we be not fight a army . they can take you both for all I care . yorick what the hell do the israeli military want with I ? agent 355 if it be anything good , they probably only would have bring one gunship . ( to the woman ) please . if you hand yorick over to another country , you people will never know another peaceful day . nina if we do not , we will never know another day period . Sonia suddenly step in front of yorick and 355 . 69 sonia run . they be probably landing by the orchard , so you have still get a few minute . take Lewis to montecito . no street lamp there so you will have some cover for a getaway . lydia you lose you head , girl ? Sonia look at yorick with sad eye . sonia we still owe a debt to society , and without someone like he , there might not be another one . 355 nod gratefully before drag yorick away from the scene . as he 's be pull away , yorick call after Sonia . yorick wait ! Sonia ! come ... come with we ! Sonia just watch with regret as the man who fall to Earth disappear into the darkness . sonia good-bye , yorick . ext . suburban street - night 355 and yorick run through the unlit outskirt of this neighborhood . a wind yorick be fall out of he Chuck Taylors . agent 355 keep up , goddammit ! yorick ( breathless ) totally ... not .. run shoe .. as the two round the corner , they run smack into another Black Hawk helicopter , this one park in the middle of the street . Three female i.d.f . soldier all drop they cigarettes and raise they machine gun as they spot yorick and he bodyguard . 70 agent 355 four gunship ?! the youngest israeli soldier look for guidance from she older superior . young soldier ( in Hebrew ) what ... what do we do ? older soldier ( in Hebrew ) we take the male alive , but kill anyone who -- that 's all 355 need to hear , as she raise she weapon and fire it at the two older soldier , kill they both instantly . yorick scream in fear and revulsion . 355 aim she Glock at the youngest soldier ( she 's freeze in terror ) , and squeeze the trigger . nothing . the gun 's empty . with tremble hand , the young soldier aim she sidearm at 355 . young soldier ( in Hebrew ) fuh--freeze ! 355 instead toss she own weapon aside and charge directly at the young female soldier . the soldier fire wildly as the scream culper Ring agent rush she . 355 eventually tackle the soldier , knock she to the ground . the two wrestle over the israeli 's firearm , as the young soldier struggle with what few English phrase she remember . agent 355 let go of the gun ! please ! young soldier lo! bevakasha ! agent 355 you do not have to die ! young soldier take ... take I to my hotel ! how much do this cost please ! where be the library ! which train -- 71 bang . push in close on the two woman , as one of they be shot . agent 355 ( under she breath ) stupid ... 355 stand , as the young soldier rattles she last breath . the culper Ring agent look over at yorick , who promptly vomit all over he own shoe . agent 355 come on . yorick why ... why do you ...? agent 355 I or they . let 's go . yorick they be girl ! if you be such a fuck markswoman , could not you have just wounded they or -- agent 355 this be not a comic book , yorick . they know what they be do when they fill they hand , and so do I . now get in the chopper . yorick now we be steal helicopter ? no , I ... I do not want anything more to do with this . agent 355 if you have listen to I on the train , we would not be in this situation ! now do as I fuck say ! yorick go on without I , Three . I be tired of people die . I be ... I be just gonna surrender . 355 aim she weapon at yorick . 72 agent 355 that stop be you decision the second other country get involved . ampersand bark in protest , but yorick hang he head . he 's do fight . in the distance , a faraway gun battle can be hear . ext . greenhouse - night Sonia and she fellow inmate be wage a epic battle against the income army , but they be clearly no match for the Israelis 's number . as more and more of they take fire , the survive townswoman eventually lay down they arm and hold up they hand in surrender . Sonia scream in defiance . sonia keep fight ! we can take they ! as the shoot die down , Alter step out from behind she troops 's frontline . alter thank you for you attention . the good news be that I have no interest in take prisoner , so you do not need to fear another incarceration . Alter pull out she sidearm and aim it at Nina 's head . alter the bad news be that I have no objection to field execution . the rest of the townswoman start to rush to Nina 's defense , but the overpower i.d.f. soldier back they off . alter tell I where you be hide yorick Brown or I start put bullet in brainpan . Sonia drop she rifle and call out . sonia do not ! he ... he run away ! 73 Alter cock she gun . alter nonsense , I station roadblock at every possible exit . he -- after consulting with a young female soldier carry a radio pack , Rachel step forward to whisper something to Alter . rachel Alter , North team be dead . one of we sniper see they chopper be steal . she think she catch a glimpse of a black woman behind the control . Alter look at Rachel in stunne silence for a moment . alter ( to she troops ) kill they all . Sonia charge forward and all of the i.d.f . Soldiers promptly aim they rifle at she . sonia wait ! I ... I can tell you where he go . he have a girlfriend . in L.A. Beth something . careful not to make anyone think she 's reach for a gun , Sonia slowly pull out the photo that yorick leave behind . Alter stare at the picture of this once - happy couple with interest . ext . american airspace - dawn several hour later , 355 's steal Black Hawk soar just above the treetop of Middle America . int . stolen black hawk - continuing cut inside the hi-tech vehicle 's cockpit , where 355 be fly . yorick be in the passenger seat , with ampersand on he lap . agent 355 yorick , I be ... I be sorry about back there , okay ? I never should have point a gun at you . 74 yorick yeah , well , guess I open that door . a nervous yorick just silently stare out the window as they craft barely skim the foliage . yorick I can not believe you really know how to fly this thing . agent 355 I tell you , the culper Ring train I well . yorick how do you study espionage , exactly ? be there some kind of correspondence school ? agent 355 the Ring recruit I out of a foster care facility when I be thirteen , after I put two redneck teenager in the hospital for call I name . yorick Foster care ? agent 355 my parent be kill I be six . yorick suddenly look guilty . yorick sorry . agent 355 do not be . you be not drive the truck that night . yorick you know , before all this , I honestly be not sure if you whole undercover sister spiel be legit , or if you be , you know ... insane . agent 355 yorick , a mentally ill person would not be able to fly a medium - lift assault helicopter below radar at 250 mile per -- 75 suddenly , the chopper dip uncomfortably as one of its extend range fuel tank accidentally clip a high branch . agent 355 oops . a frighten yorick look down at he diaper - clad monkey , who yelp . yorick ( quietly , to amp ) yeah , I be gonna need a diaper change , too , buddy . 355 activate a few control on she dash . agent 355 if you want to help , check that navigation computer and make sure we be on target for San Fran . yorick we be still head to this attack of the clone doctor ? agent 355 a few refueling aside , we should be able to fly a straight shot to she lab . it 's more important than ever that we find out why you be still alive . yorick yeah , but what if Victoria and she goons get to Mann 's joint first ? we lose some time in marrisville . agent 355 do not worry , the train be about as dependable as they be in pre- mussolini Italy , remember ? we 'il beat she by day . ext . railroad crossing —- morning smash cut to this close - up of a dead male cowboy , slump over the wheel of he pick -up . pull out to reveal that this unlucky corpse 's truck be park directly in the middle of railroad track . bam ! the vehicle be obliterated when a familiar diesel train plow right through it . 76 int . diesel train engine —- continuing Inside the train 's engine , Victoria be read to theresa ( the bald amazon ) , while a overweight female conductor reluctantly work the train 's throttle . victoria '' with no aspect of society be at all relevant to woman , there remain to civic-minded female only to overthrow the government and destroy the male sex . '' that be the open word of the scum manifesto , the seminal work of we dear sister Valerie solanas , a prophet and a -- conductor um , mar ' be ? theresa immediately whip out a crowbar , which she use to threaten the conductor . theresa '' ma 'am '' be short for madam , the mistress who manage a man 's household or the whore who enslave other woman . which one be you say Victoria be ? victoria let she speak , theresa . conductor I do not mean to start trouble , m ... Victoria , but I be gonna have to stop at the next station to pick up medical supplies for California . victoria that can wait , sister . conductor begging you pardon , but it can not . if you care about woman so much , there be girl with diabete and what not suffer as we speak . see how the shipping lane die with all the sailor boy , the only way anyone 's gettin’ insulin be -- Victoria put a hand on the frighten woman 's back . 77 victoria nothing be more resilient or resourceful than womankind . I be confident we sister will make do . ext . L.A. triage CENTER - evening cut to later that night , where hundred of women be gather outside a makeshift triage center in downtown Los Angeles . all of this angeleno be help one another , there be no pocket of violence . it 's a welcome bit of peace . int . L.A. triage CENTER - continuing push inside , where yorick 's long lose girlfriend beth deville be sit at a round table , lead a diverse group of female community leader in a meeting . she turn she attention to a young asian woman name chloe . beth all right , so fara be take care of meal on wheel outside the valley . Chloe , what 's we postal situation ? chloe a step above pony Express , but a far cry from ups . still , not bad consider the only thing mailmen be carry this day be disease . beth speak of which , how be we on antibiotic , nora ? Beth turn to nora , a sixty - something pharmacist . nora unless you be in the market for six crate of viagra , I be dangerously low on every drug in the -- suddenly , the sound of helicopter be hear outside . the woman all race to a nearby window , where they see Black hawk approach . Chloe and nora be immediately excited . chloe be that military ? oh , God , be they finally drop supplies ? 78 nora behold , the angel storm the gate of hell . push in on Beth , the only one who look nervous . ext . las vega - evening on cue , jump to Las Vegas , as its entire gaudy skyline burn in a spectacular inferno . ext . las vegass mccarran airport - continuing cut over to the airport across the highway , where yorick and 355 calmly watch this conflagration . they ground helicopter be refueling next to a tanker truck at the Vegas airport . ampersand be play on the hose connect to the Black Hawk . yorick this be man 's fault , too , right ? because we teach we daughter to be showgirl instead of firemen ? agent 355 firefighter . yorick be feed up . yorick you know , I be not the he-man woman - hater you think I be . I do not roadie for lilith Fair or anything , but I be down with the cause . I rarely make sexist joke , always hold door open for lady ... suddenly , 355 get into a sparring position . yorick I mean , I never hold door open ? agent 355 I be not always go to be around to protect you , yorick . but the s.u.v. of the sky here need another ten to finish gassing up , so I figure I might as well teach you a little self - defense . yorick wave she off . 79 yorick I have get myself out of plenty of scrape before , thanks . agent 355 in what , double Dragon ? yorick double Dragon ? what be you , forty ? 355 playfully flick he the finger . yorick like many a high school nerd , I survive bully in the try and true fashion of fight like a girl . agent 355 which mean what exactly ? yorick scratch eye , pull hair , kick ball . not that the last one be so applicable anymore ... agent 355 why not just go to the gym ? yorick what 's the point ? you know what the strongest muscle in the human body be ? agent 355 the heart ? yorick no , it 's not the heart , you sappy fuck . it 's you jaw muscle . even a scrawny dude like I have five hundred pound of bite strength . agent 355 great , that 'il come in handy when you be fight food . as the helicopter continue to refuel , the two sit down on its edge and watch the fire continue to rage in the distance . ampersand scamper over to sit on yorick 's lap . 80 yorick hey , before all this , do you , you know ? have somebody ? agent 355 not for a while . my relationship always end bad . yorick because of you job ? 355 take a deep breath . she soften a bit . agent 355 because man be all cheating bastard . yorick oh. hey , look , what happen with Sonia ... agent 355 relax . you have get to be the only guy on the planet who have end up in this position and not try to bang everything that move . yorick yeah , well , I score someone way above my pay grade . a wave of sadness suddenly wash over yorick . 355 recognize it and reach out to touch he shoulder . agent 355 Beth be still out there , yorick . you 'il find she soon and she 'il be fine . yorick how do you know ? agent 355 I do not . I be just say whatever shit will get you to stop mope . a smile yorick set ampersand down and stand into sparring position . yorick okay , show I what you get , killer . 81 355 rise to meet he . agent 355 you funeral . the two playfully throw punch while black smoke continue to billow into the Vegas sky . ext . california train station -- evening later that night , Victoria and she fellow daughter of the amazon exit they train . theresa look concerned . theresa last stop , Victoria , and Dr. Mann 's laboratory be gonna take at least another ten hour to reach on foot . victoria why the hell would we travel on foot , theresa ? theresa well , bike be pretty much nonexistent after we lose ours board this thing , and the highway be too clogge with makeshift hearse for we to all pile into a Greyhound or whatever . walk along the track , Victoria approach a livestock car . victoria do you know what the girl scout motto be ? Victoria stop in front of a car fill with a dozen young female horse . victoria same as the Boy scout 's . ext . dr . mann 's laboratory - night hour later , 355 's helicopter land in the empty parking lot just outside of Mann 's modest laboratory in San Francisco . push in on the craft , as yorick ( with ampersand on he shoulder ) exit the helicopter with agent 355 . they inspect the darken lab . 82 yorick abandon ? agent 355 maybe . I x11 look around . you and you animal stay here . yorick and let you inspect the mad scientist 's haunt laboratory all by yourself ? if you insist ... ampersand chirp as 355 walk into the black building . int . dr . mann 's laboratory -- continuing 355 step inside the eerily quiet building and draw she sidearm , just in case . agent 355 hello ? just then , she hear something SNAP behind a door to she leave . slowly , 355 turn its knob and push she way inside . a small generator be whirring away quietly as it power numerous computer terminal , electron microscope , etc . agent 355 Dr. Mann ? Dr. allison m-- suddenly , a figure step out from behind the door and press a hypodermic needle millimeter away from a freeze 355 's neck . it 's dr . mann . dr . mann there be enough sedative in this syringe to put a woman twice you size to sleep for a month . agent 355 I be not here to hurt you , Doctor . dr . mann the Black Hawk you park in the handicap spot suggest otherwise . 83 agent 355 I be here to protect you . I be agent 355 , I - - a terrify Mann immediately back away from she hostage . dr . mann you work for the culper Ring ? with lightning speed , 355 reach up and grab Mann 's wrist , snatching the hypodermic away from she . agent 355 how the hell do you know about the culper ? Dr. Mann take a seat in one of she lab chair , exhaust . dr . mann you be the people responsible for all this . agent 355 ( a beat ) what ? dr . mann '' Project : setting Son '' or whatever you monster call it . a disbely 355 aim she Glock at the doctor . agent 355 what be you talk about ? dr . mann please , if you be go to kill I , just do it , but spare I the feign ignorance . agent 355 Doctor , look at I . I have no idea what this be all about . I be here to protect you from ... from people who want to use you . dr . mann like you superior do ? agent 355 which superior ? 84 dr . mann you be serious ? the culper man honestly keep they foot soldier in the dark about they real plan ? 355 lower she gun and sit down across from Mann , ready to listen . dr . mann you '' ring '' be terrify of the possibility of we country eventually have to fight a ground war with the chinese military . so aman name 1033 ( " ten-thirty - three '' ) apparently begin consider the possibility of a preemptive biological strike . agent 355 how ... how do you know all this ? dr . mann because ten tell I . he come here once a week , offer I million in exchange for help to make he sick vision a reality . agent 355 his vision ? dr . mann discretely release a chemical agent into Beijing 's air supply , one that would not harm civilian ... but would prevent its woman from conceive male child . his hope be that it could be use to effectively cripple China 's economic and military capability within a generation . agent 355 someone from the culper Ring do this ? that 's ... that 's impossible . dr . mann if only . I refuse to have anything to do with ten 's test , but he and he team proceed to the experimental stage without I . agent 355 what happen ? 85 dr . mann what always happen when man try to fuck with mother nature . Dr. Mann stand and look out she window at nothing in particular . dr . mann I know the second I read they preliminary research that the environmental impact of even a isolate test would be severe ... but I have no idea it would be this . agent 355 but , how do it spread so quickly ? dr . mann morphogenetic field ? Trade wind ? migrating flock ? you guess be as good as mine . all I know be that there do not seem to be one corner of the globe that be not affect . agent 355 can it be reverse ? dr . mann I can not raise the dead , agent . agent 355 but , can you bring mankind back to the planet ? dr . mann the Plague destroy every last sperm , fetus and fully develop mammal with a y chromosome . and whatever be release into the atmosphere be still there . I have attempt to make new xy rat by use the cell of dead subject , but they all end up suffer the same fate as they late brethren . I be afraid a live male will never again set foot on this planet . yorick ( 0.s. ) then this be one small step for man ... 355 and Dr. Mann turn to see yorick walk inside the room . ampersand be on he shoulder , as always . 86 yorick etcetera , etcetera . Mann 's jaw go slack . dr . mann oh ... oh my God . yorick I get that a lot . much to yorick 's surprise , the doctor rush over to inspect ampersand . dr . mann the size of that canine . be this monkey a male ? yorick uh , yeah . actually , I be also -- dr . mann obviously . I could understand one of you be some kind of mutation , but how do you both survive ? yorick Doc , the last time I delve into science on my own , it involved a baking soda volcano nearly blow off one of my testicles . I be kinda hope you have some answer . dr . mann where do you find this creature ? Mann take ampersand from yorick , but the animal leap out of she hand and start play with one of the nearby test tube . yorick Online , at this volunteer group 's website . but maybe ampersand ... I do not know , escape from some Area 51 research facility first . he certainly seem at home here . Mann inspect ampersand 's fur . dr . mann he 's not tag with any lab marking . i'11 need to take a blood sample . from both of you . 87 355 be lose in she own world , still processing she group 's unforgivable betrayal . agent 355 I ... I dedicated my life to that man . yorick I be sorry , Three , but we gotta save the existential crise for later , right ? ( to Mann ) do whatever you need to get start , Doc , but there 's a crazy train blow into town with you name on it , so we should really be out of here by morning . Mann ominously pull on a single rubber glove . dr . mann we will leave when I be good and ready . last man or not , it 's go to take more than the apocalypse for I to start take order from my patient . ext . L.A. triage CENTER - night back in Los Angeles , Beth lead the other local woman outside , as the Black hawk make a dramatic landing . alter step out of the first chopper , and immediately approach Beth . alter Beth deville . you reputation precede you . beth you be not Americans , be you ? who the hell be you peop -- before Beth can say another word , someone come up behind she and place a ether - soaked rag over she mouth . as she slip into unconsciousness , Beth fall back into the arm of rachel , Alter 's second - in -command . Beth 's friend scream in horror and race to help they colleague , but the israeli soldier back they away with they machine gun , while Rachel and Alter carry the sleep Beth into they copter . 88 rachel what now ? we just take up position here and wait for the boy to come to we ? alter no , young Mr. Brown and he mystery associate have already kill three of we soldier and steal one of we ship . he 's obviously not a threat to be take lightly . we need a more fortify staging area if we be go to take he alive . Rachel consider this . rachel have you see citizen kane ? Alter just stare at she blankly . int . dr . mann 's laboratory - night open on a image of y-shaped protein as see through a incredibly powerful microscope . dr . mann ( 0.s. ) it 's about sex . pull out , as Mann look up from she work . dr . mann like everything , it 's about sex . 355 and yorick be confuse . yorick uh ... dr . mann a foreign agent be introduce into you animal 's bloodstream , and he immune system produce unique antibody to fight it . somehow , this antibody have the add side effect of mask he from the effect of the Plague . agent 355 how would this '' foreign agent '' end up inside a monkey ? 89 dr . mann it appear to travel through the body much like syphilis or hepatitis , so my guess be that it be sexually transmit . yorick but ... how do it get inside I ? 355 and Dr. Mann just stare at yorick and ampersand . yorick okay , that 's just sick . I do not blow my monkey ! dr . mann well , do it ever bite you deeply enough to draw blood ? yorick no , the only person he ever bit be ... the truth slowly dawns on yorick . yorick Beth . JI fuck Beth . 355 and Dr. Mann just look at each other . yorick look , I have sex with my girlfriend , and ampersand bit she . whatever mojo save the two of we must have come from Beth . agent 355 how 's that possible ? how be she connect with the culper Ring ? dr . mann she 's not . I do not think this antidote be create deliberately . it 's another moldy petri dish that turn out to be penicillin . yorick Beth be not mildew , she 's a genius . dr . mann I do not care about she mind , I care about she body . what make she special ? ( more ) 90 dr . mann ( cont would ) be she ever diagnose with a rare blood disorder ? polycythemia vera or immune thrombocytopenic purpura or -- yorick her shot . Beth 's be testing some kind of ... of injectable contraceptive on herself . dr . mann then she might be the great failure in the history of science ... because she '' birth control '' could very well be the key to repopulate the entire planet . as this slowly sink in , a vindicate yorick celebrate . yorick I know it ! I know we should have be look for Beth all along ! agent 355 Doctor , can you replicate the antibody inside yorick and ampersand ? dr . mann maybe , but I need to know exactly what trigger they creation before I can retro-engineer a inoculation . agent 355 then we have to get to Los Angeles fast , before Beth -- suddenly , a squawking be hear come from outside Mann 's laboratory window . 355 draw she weapon . dr . mann the hell be that ? yorick sound like it 's come from we copter . ext . dr . mann 's laboratory - continuing 355 warily escort she companion outside , as yorick note a flash light on the helicopter 's cockpit . 91 yorick we have a radio ? agent 355 do not touch it , yorick . just -- from radio I repeat , this message be for yorick Brown . you have until midnight to surrender yourself to we at the hearst Castle in San simeon . if you do not , we will be force to terminate you love one . the blood drain out of yorick 's face as he girlfriend 's voice come over the speaker . from radio you people be insane ! my boyfriend be dead ! yorick be dead ! Change angle so that we be now look at yorick through the familiar p.o.v. of a pair of binoculars . ext . san francisco hilltop - night reverse angle to reveal that this field glass belong to Victoria , who 's stand at the top of a nearby San Francisco hill , in front of she assemble troops , most of whom be now mount on horseback . Victoria lower the binocular to speak with theresa , she bald - head second - in -command . victoria I do not suppose that 's he clone ? theresa where the hell do they get a helicopter ? victoria I have no idea , but we be not let he steal the good doctor for himself . bring I Sam . theresa be you sure ? Victoria just glare at theresa , who quickly summon two amazon recruit carry a long crate . 92 theresa sorry , just think we be save she to use on mount rushmore . Victoria open this box ... victoria the best laid plan of mouse and man ... ... revealing that '' Sam '' be actually a surface to AIR missile launcher . ext . dr . mann 's laboratory - night cut back to yorick and the other , outside the helicopter , still debate what to do about Beth . dr . mann we have to tell this people what they have . this Beth girl be the Holy grail ! agent 355 somehow , I do not think that 's go to make the Israelis more likely to part with she . yorick then I have to give myself up . agent 355 no . if they take you , it 's go to destabilize the entire world . yorick like it 's not destabilize already ? what difference be one less guy gonna make to the -- just then , yorick and the other be violently thrown to the ground , as the entire tail section of the Black Hawk explode after be strike by a s.a.m. missile . 355 groggily get to she foot , and look up to see a stampede of mount amazon charge down a hill in the background . agent 355 Jesus Christ . yorick what ? 93 355 yell at a temporarily deafen yorick , who 's hold he terrify pet monkey . agent 355 we have to get out of here ! yorick what ? a impatient 355 help a disorient Dr. Mann to she foot . agent 355 do you have a car ? dr . mann ( sheepishly ) sort of . agent 355 what do that mean ? ext . rear alley - continuing open tight on a '' y '' logo , and pull out to reveal that it 's attach to the front of a 1990 yugo convertible . yorick and he companion race for this tiny vehicle , which be park in the narrow alleyway behind Mann 's lab . yorick a yugo ?! dr . mann hey , do not blame I for this country 's pathetic funding of the science ! 355 throw she duffel bag into the passenger seat . agent 355 Mann , you drive . yorick , get in the back and keep you head down . 355 pull out a pump - action mossberg . agent 355 I get shotgun . ext . san francisco hilltop - continuing outside the alley , the car soon screech around the corner . 94 the vehicle dodge several larger car still park in the middle of the street ( leftover victim of the Plague ) , as Mann & Co. be immediately confront by the oncoming posse of horse-ride daughter of the amazon . dr . mann be you kid I ? the car 's hood be soon peppered with shot fire from the rifle-toting amazon . 355 lean out of the convertible and return FIRE . dr . mann do not shoot the horse ! agent 355 do not you experiment on animal for a live ? dr . mann you kill a horse , I ’11l drive we into a lamppost ! 355 shake she head as she shoot another girl , careful not to hit any of the mare . the yugo fly past Victoria , who circle around to give chase to the slow - move car . victoria we want the doctor alive ! save you bullet for the boy ! Inside the car , yorick stick he head up from the back seat . yorick what 's this thing 's top speed , eleven ? dr . mann it 's a goddamn obstacle course ! I be do my best ! 355 turn around and angrily push yorick back down , as she fire a shot over he head . agent 355 do better ! if we can not shake they by San simeon , we will have two side go to war over yorick ! suddenly realize what she 's just say , 355 lower she gaze to look down at yorick , whose expression be equally know . 95 ext . hearst castle - night welcome to this ridiculously palatial estate overlook the Pacific Ocean , a shrine to man 's self - indulgence . Alter 's troops be at the ready outside , gun draw in front of they two park helicopter , while the third chopper circle directly above this modern - day xanadu . int . hearst 's private suite - continuing Inside Mr. hearst 's private suite , a room fill with a obscene amount of mirror , Beth be tied to a ornately carve chair . she scream against she gag , and the muffle cry for help echo throughout this massive room . ext . suite balcony - continuing just outside Beth 's makeshift prison , Alter and Rachel be surveying troop movement from the castle 's grand balcony . rachel yorick 's not come for she , Alter . he could have any woman he want ! alter so could menelaus , and he still launch a thousand ship to retrieve helen of Troy . trust I , there 's only one thing a man want . Alter point at a approaching vehicle kick up dust in the distance . alter the woman he can not have . int . yugo - night cut inside this approach vehicle , as a nervous Mann chauffeur 355 and yorick towards certain doom . dr . mann how sure be you about this plan ? yorick and 355 speak over each other . yorick agent 355 forty percent . ten percent . 96 Dr. Mann just sigh , as yorick reach back to pull up the vehicle 's convertible top . yorick that 's a combine fifty percent , baby . even odd we live through this ... ext . hearst castle - continuing the car skid to a impressive halt , and the female i.d.f . Soldiers cautiously approach it . ext . suite balcony - continuing Rachel inspect the car through binoculars , as Alter give order over a bullhorn . rachel he 's not alone . look like at least two other in there , but sniper will not be able to get a clear shot at they while the top be up . a trojan horse ? alter ( through bullhorn ) hold you fire until the target be out of the vehicle ! approach with caution and -- rachel ah , Alter ? a annoyed Alter lower she megaphone . alter what now ? rachel forget the horse ... they bring the fuck cavalry . ext . hearst castle - continuing cut back outside , as victoria lead she mount troops thunder up the castle 's main driveway . theresa look up to see the Israelis 's helicopter , and ride up alongside she leader . 97 theresa Victoria , what be this ? victoria endgame . Victoria and she heavily armed troops come to a stop on one side of the park yugo , as the confuse i.d.f. troops square off against they on the other side . int . yugo - continuing back inside the vehicle , the trio nervously watch this showdown . dr . mann we be dead . agent 355 no , the amazon will not risk hurt you , and the Israelis want yorick alive . they be not go to be shoot at we . yorick yeah , have not you ever see two girl go at it over a guy , Doc ? after the first slap , they forget he ever exist . ext . hearst castle - continuing as Victoria 's follower keep they weapon train on the oppose army , the amazon leader address the Israelis . victoria sister , you animal instinct tell you to shelter this boy , but ask yourselves , be you animal or be you woman ? why give you life to defend some testosterone - drunk predator ? ext . suite balcony - continuing Alter and Rachel be still on they high - ground perch overlook this face - off . 98 alter they be not with the boy , they be against he . rachel the enemy of we enemy ...? alter be still we fuck enemy . Alter pick up a small handheld radio . alter Air team , take they out . ext . black hawk helicopter - continuing cut to the Israelis 's one airborne helicopter , as it circle above the mount daughter of the amazon and unleashes a thousand round of ammunition . ext . hearst castle - continuing as she mount warrior take heavy fire , Victoria bark out order . victoria kill they all , let the goddess sort they out ! theresa again produce the s.a.m. launcher , which she fire at the helicopter above . its main rotor explode and the helpless craft spiral towards oblivion , ultimately crashing on top of several i.d.f. ground troops . the amazon cheer , but the survive Israelis quickly resume they firefight . int . yugo - continuing with the two army otherwise occupy , 355 gather she weapon and reach for the passenger - side door . agent 355 all right , I be gonna make a break around back and try to find Beth . as long as this asshole do not run out of bullet , you two should be safe in here . 99 yorick Three ... agent 355 Doctor , if I be not back in five , peel the hell out of here and do what you can with yorick . yorick Three ! ext . hearst castle - continuing yorick call after she , but 355 be already go . as she dodge the crossfire , 355 dive for a row of hedge on the sideline of this battle . int . yugo - continuing back inside the tiny car , ampersand leap out of yorick 's arm and go run out the car 's window after 355 . yorick goddammit , ampersand ! get back -- yorick start to open he door , but quickly close it as a hail of gunfire kick up dirt just outside the car . ext . castle garden - continuing at the rear of the sprawling estate , 355 carefully lurk around a maze of crumble old marble column . she accidentally brushes past a loose fragment of one of this pillar , which fall to the ground with a not insignificant chunk . nearby , the two lone i.d.f . girl entrust with guard this rear entrance turn they machine gun in the direction of this sound . a outgun 355 steady she silenced pistol and take a breath , prepare to confront this woman . just then , a screeching be hear , and the two soldier pivot to see ampersand hiss at they from another column in the background . before this bizarre sight have time to sink in with the two soldier , 355 take advantage of the distraction to shoot the woman dead . 355 look at the capuchin monkey with a hint of gratitude . 100 agent 355 ( under she breath ) you be finally good for som -- unfortunately , ampersand prove to be just as useless as ever , as he noise apparently attract the attention of a third guard , one who promptly shoot 355 . the bullet enter high in she leave collarbone , just above she heart , with enough force to knock 355 backwards . before she fall , 355 squeeze off a single round , hitting she attacker square in the eye . collapsing to the ground , 355 fight to maintain consciousness , but she eye start to roll back into she head . ampersand watch all this with seem indifference . ext . hearst castle - continuing back at the main battlezone , Victoria again rally she follower . victoria hold you ground , sister ! give I cover while I retrieve we savior ! still on horseback , Victoria 's mare gallop into the fray . the amazon dismount when she reach yorick 's vehicle . she promptly rip OPEN the yugo 's driver - side door . victoria Dr. Mann , I presume . Victoria start pulling Mann out of the car , but yorick be hold onto the doctor 's foot . victoria do not struggle , you belong with I . dr . mann ( struggle ) I only ... date ... sane chick ! Mann pull out the same hypodermic she threaten 355 with , and plunge it into Victoria 's arm . the amazon leader look at this needle with confusion before finally collapsing , while yorick pull Mann back inside the car . 101 ext . suite balcony - continuing back on the balcony , Rachel watch the battle with disgust . rachel by the time we kill the last of this maniac , they 'il have wipe out half we platoon . we have to stop this ! cut over to Alter , as she open a crate of gas grenade . alter I concur . rachel fentanyl ? no , the gas be too unpredictable . when the Russians use it on that chechen woman -- alter yorick 's a virile young man . it will not kill he . rachel but if the wind carry a strong enough concentration we girl 's way , they could be paralyze or worse . we have to call they back first ! alter retreat ? and risk let that savage escape with we prize ? push in on Alter , as she begin load a grenade into a large riot gun . alter I be afraid that 's not a option . cut back to Rachel , as she reluctantly draw she sidearm and aim it at she superior . rachel put it down , Lieutenant - General . Alter slowly lower the riot gun . alter you remember the punishment for treason , I trust ? 102 rachel I should have do this back in tel aviv . you be a disgrace to we country and we -- with a flick of the wrist , Alter produce a dagger with a pearl handle . she step forward and quickly plunge it into Rachel 's heart . she stare into the girl 's eye as Rachel 's pupil become still and black . alter I forgive you . as Rachel 's lifeless body crumble to the balcony floor , Alter pick up she riot gun and launch several grenade down at the ongoing battle below . push past Alter into a close - up of Beth , still hostage in the room behind she . the gag girl have be watch this entire act of barbarism . her eye flash both fear and rage . ext . hearst castle - continuing as the fentanyl gas grenade impact against the battlefield , i.d.f. soldier immediately drop they weapon and keel over . the amazon soon follow suit , as they horse struggle to stay upright before finally collapsing , pin the equally unconscious female warrior under they heavy body . int . yugo - continuing Inside the vehicle , Mann watch this shocking display of chemical warfare with terror . a panic yorick fumble for the little car 's button . yorick the window ! but a frantic Mann quickly open she door and start to climb outside . dr . mann no , the vent will let it all in anyway ! we have to get outside ! get low ! get ... 103 push in on a instantly unconscious Mann , as she promptly fall face first onto the hard earth . int . hearst 's private suite - continuing Beth shudder as someone pull off she cloth gag . she look up to see Alter stand over she . alter it 's over now . Beth promptly spit in Alter 's face . beth you be a fuck Nazi . after a nerve-wrack beat , Alter just calmly wipe she face with Beth 's gag . alter if you want to live to see you boyfriend , I would advise against compare I to the scum that slaughter my grandfather . beth if the jackboot fit . alter you hatred be unjustified ... ext . hearst castle - continuing Alter 's word continue over image of the gas cloud swirl around the still body on the battlefield below . alter ( v.o. ) .+- you true love be only sleep . push in on yorick 's body . he 's lie down on he stomach just outside of the car . alter ( v.o. ) dream of you , no doubt . but suddenly , yorick 's body begin to move . track over to he face , which we can now see be wear the familiar gas mask yorick 's be carry with he since New York ! 104 alter ( v.o . ) the boy will be fine in a few hour . the gasmask - clad yorick look around to make sure that no one be watch , before he reach for one of the fall amazon 's revolver . he pick it up , and triumphantly rise . alter ( v.o. ) and he 'il wake in a much safer world . walk into the noxious fog that still linger over the grounds , yorick disappear . int . hearst 's private suite - continuing smash cut back to a disbely Beth . beth what the fuck be you ? Alter turn she back on the girl and start to walk out of the room . alter Alter tse’elon . Beth call after she . beth be not that a guy 's name ? Alter stop in she track . she turn to look back at Beth . alter do not tell I yorick find himself a nice jewish girl . but only half , no ? you mother must have find herself a nice Aryan to settle down with . beth Alter . it mean '' old one , '' right ? Alter approach she . alter a stupid tradition . two of my sibling die at birth , so when my parent have I , they decide never to speak my real name aloud . ( more ) 105 alter ( cont would ) the nickname be mean to deceive the angel of death , so that he ’1ll never be able to find I . Beth just sneer . beth today 's the day he catch up with you . a sinisterly smile Alter get close to the girl 's face . alter really ? have you guess my true name ? another voice ( 0.s. ) yeah . it start with '' C '' and rhyme with '' cunt . '' cut over to the gun- wield yorick , as he dramatically rip off he gasmask with he free hand . beth yorick ! he confidently aim he weapon at Alter , but she immediately step behind the still - bound Beth , and press she pearl - handle dagger against the stunne girl 's throat . alter Drop it before I open she . yorick look at the revolver in he tremble hand . there be only two bullet in its chamber . what if he miss ? reluctantly , yorick lower the weapon . yorick I be sorry , Beth . beth yorick , it 's fine ! go , get out of here ! yorick no , not just about this . I be ... I be sorry about before . I lie to you . Beth be confuse , but Alter 's just impatient . beth what ? 106 alter this be not fuck couple therapy ! yorick I tell you I get ampersand because I want to help people , but really , I just want to impress you . beth yorick , leave ! yorick I love you , Beth , but everything I have ever do , I have do for myself . I do not know why fate choose a selfish bastard like I , but she make a huge mistake . alter if you want to help you girl , why the hell be you still talk ? yorick because , man be only better than woman at one thing . Alter can not resist . alter and what might that be ? yorick this . suddenly , yorick spin he revolver 's open wheel , before slamm it shut ... and pressing the gun to he own temple . he close he eye and play he first round of Russian roulette . click . alter what the fuck be you do ? yorick I be useless to you dead , right ? let she go , or I punch my own ticket . 107 alter you be lie . that gun 's even not load . you have never -- yorick interrupt she by firing a shot into the marble floor . Beth and Alter flinch in shock , as yorick again spin the wheel and take aim at he own skull . yorick all it take be one , right ? push in close on the gun , as we see the one remain bullet start to move into position behind the revolver 's slowly descend hammer . alter no ! just as yorick 's about to squeeze the trigger , Alter throws she pearl - handle dagger at he wrist ! as the dagger embed itself just below yorick 's hand , the last man drop he weapon before it discharge . Alter run for the fall weapon , but yorick kick it away before she can get she hand on it . as Alter cautiously approach he , yorick yank the dagger out of he wrist . he 's try to look like a badass as he wield the blade , but the pain be unbearable . yorick ahh ! Holy shit do that hurt ! as yorick continue to brandish the dagger , Alter suddenly charge at he . alter you have never even meet pain . Alter kick the knife out of yorick 's hand before ferociously head - butting he between the eye . as a stunne yorick fall backwards , Alter calmly pick up she dagger , tuck it into she belt , and head for the revolver . but just as she 's about to reach this gun , yorick catch a second wind and dive for it . the two violently wrestle over the weapon ... until a shot finally ring out . yorick smile . this be just like what happen with 355 and the israeli soldier back in marrisville , right ? 108 wrong . a horrify Alter look down to see the smoking weapon in she hand ... and a smolder hole in yorick 's shirt , just to the leave of he belly button . yorick slump to the ground , and Beth be too shocked to scream . beth ( under she breath ) no ... a worried Alter stumble back to Beth . the solider draw she blood-stain dagger . Beth flinch , but Alter just slice she free of she restraint . she point at the fall yorick . alter fix he ! beth I be ... I be not a medic , I be just asee a furious Alter glare at the girl . beth I ' 1l need you knife . more glaring . beth to cut he clothes . Alter reluctantly flip the pearl - handle blade around and hand it to Beth , but not before she aim yorick 's sidearm at she , and take a defensive position near the room 's one doorway . alter do not fuck up . Beth run over to yorick , quickly kneel at he side . she brushes he hair affectionately before she tear into he shirt with she knife . beth ( smile , playfully sarcastic ) my knight in shine armor . yorick right , more like ... you damsel in distress . 109 as Beth go to work , yorick whisper to she : yorick listen to I . do not worry about Alter . that gun ... be empty now . you have ... to let I die . beth do not talk like that . yorick the world 's ... safer without I . just -— Alter angrily aim she gun at the young lover . alter stop fucking talking ! one more word out of either of you , and ... just then , Alter notice something in one of the suite 's many mirror . a figure have silently enter the room behind she . it 's agent 355 , badly wounded , but alive . just as 355 be about to put a silence bullet in Alter 's head , the israeli general spin around and knock the gun out of she hand . agent 355 ahn ! yorick be both excited and frighten to see he friend . yorick Three ! Alter then kick 355 in the stomach , send the secret agent fly out of the room . Alter run out after she . back in the suite , Beth be more confuse than ever . beth who the hell be that ? yorick ( groggy ) it 's ... a long ... and with that , yorick slip into unconsciousness . 110 int . NORTH wing - continuing in the opulent north wing just outside this suite , Alter continue to battle agent 355 . 355 flick open she baton , which she smashes against Alter 's right hand , cause she to drop she gun . Alter then round - house the baton away from 355 . it 's strictly hand - to-hand and woman - to - woman from here until the end . 355 taunt Alter , as she deftly use she one good arm to violently SPAR with she opponent . alter you be the one who kill my girl ? back in marrisville ? agent 355 if anyone get they kill , it 's you . Alter charge forward and dig she thumb into 355 's bullet wound . agent 355 nahh ! 355 try to punch Alter in the kidney , but the Lieutenant - — General dodge the attack and use 355 's momentum against she , throwing she over a nearby railing . 355 land on she back with a sicken thud . Alter look down at she , and , without pity , proceed to vault over the railing and pounce on 355 's one good arm , snapping it loudly . 355 scream , as Alter use that same break right arm to painfully drag the culper Ring agent back up the stair . at the landing , Alter then climb on top of the pain woman . alter who ? who do you work for ? 355 say nothing , so Alter punch she in the face as hard as she can . through bloody tooth , 355 spit out : agent 355 the ... the culper Ring . Alter smile . 111 alter you be joke . I think you little sewing circle be just a myth the drill instructor use to scare we at boot camp . they tell we you be the best of the best . Alter punch 355 again . alter tell I , what number do you keeper give you ? maybe I 'il get it tattooe on my ass . a wind 355 struggle to whisper something inaudible . alter speak up , girl . Alter lean in close , as 355 echoe yorick 's earlier word to she . agent 355 ( whisper ) you know what the strongest muscle be ? before Alter can answer , 355 snap she jaw around Alter 's throat , and bite down as hard as she can . Alter howl a hideous , gurgle scream , as 355 tear off a healthy chunk of she neck . stumble away from she defenseless opponent , Alter press a palm against she own neck to try to stem the horrible tide pour out of she open jugular . with she free hand , Alter reach down to pick up the gun 355 knock away earlier . she raise she shaky hand to fire a fatal round down into she opponent 's face . 355 squeeze she eye shut , brace herself for impact ... when she hear a unfamiliar shunk noise . the culper Ring agent open she eye just in time to watch Alter fall forward , dead . stick out of she back be the pearl- handle dagger . 355 look up to see a tremble beth stand over the decease soldier . beth be ... be you all right ? 112 struggle to stay conscious , 355 ask : agent 355 yorick ? be yorick ...? but before she can finish she think , 355 's eye fall shut . blackness . white text on black background : tombstone , arizona . two week later . int . dr . mann 's new laboratory - morning gradually , this blackness give way to the sight of a blurry figure loom overhead . yorick ( 0.s. ) Beth ...? as the figure rack into focus , it turn out that it really be Beth . we be again see the world through yorick 's p.o.v . yorick ( 0.s. ) Beth , I ... I have this fuck - up dream that -- beth Doctor ! he 's awake ! similar frame from yorick 's bed-ridd point of view , but now Dr. Mann appear in frame , with ampersand on she shoulder . yorick ( 0.s. ) damn . dr . mann Nice to see you , too , dick . pull out to reveal that we be inside of Dr. Mann 's glisten new futuristic laboratory , where yorick have apparently be recuperate . yorick how long ? dr . mann a while . and then some . 113 yorick be you guy ...? Mann put a hand on Beth 's back . dr . mann we be fine . yorick and 355 ? low angle on the doorway to this room , as a figure carry a cane step inside . agent 355 ( 0.s. ) never better . Change angle to reveal agent 355 , she face badly bruise and she right arm in a cast . she look like shit . yorick try to mask he revulsion . yorick let I guess , walk into a door ? 355 hold up she cane . agent 355 do not cry for I , gimp . this be for you . figure you will need it until you '' strength '' come back . she give the hand - carve walk stick to yorick , who sit up a bit in he hospital bed . yorick do it have a sword in it ? 355 just squint at he . yorick somebody gimme the post-game . be that israeli woman ...? agent 355 no longer active duty . and we have she troops deport , with a little help from you mother . yorick you call my mom ? 114 beth she 's the one who tell we about this safe house . she do not want the rest of the government know where you be until she 's sure they can be trust . yorick and the amazon ? dr . mann somewhere safe , where they can all be deprogrammed . int . marrisville penitentiary - afternoon open tight on Victoria . victoria man can imprison we body , but he cannot enslave we mind ! pull out to reveal that Victoria be wear a orange jumpsuit , and she 's address a crowd of she fellow inmate inside of the woman 's penitentiary back in marrisville . the other prisoner cheer with each of Victoria 's declaration . victoria we be the choose few who recognize that the Plague be we emancipation , but we can not stop until all we sister be freed from the yoke of the past ! as the woman continue to applaud , pan over to sonia , the girl who try to seduce yorick . she 's dress in the uniform of a prison guard , and as she listen to Victoria speak ... she slowly begin to clap . int . dr . mann 's new laboratory - morning cut back to yorick , exactly where we leave he . yorick well , at least there 's that . pull out , as yorick ask a favor from 355 and Mann . yorick hey , Doc , Three , you mind if I have a moment ? Mann look at Beth for approval , and Beth nod . escort 355 outside . yorick reach for he nearby bag . yorick Beth , there 's something I need to ask you . beth you be look for this , right ? Beth pull out yorick 's ring BOX from she pocket . he just stare at it . yorick oh. beth there 's something I have to say first . yorick ( nervously ) okay . beth yorick , back in New York , what I be try to tell you before I leave . I ... I want you to know that I think we should break up . a beat . yorick what ? beth I be sorry . I be too scared to say anything . I ... I do not want to hurt you . yorick but ... beth we be go in different direction , yorick . you recognize it , too . Beth hand he the ring . she 's start to cry . 115 the doctor 116 beth that 's why you try so hard to hang on to I , because you know the world be pull we apart . yorick that be a different world , Beth ! beth maybe , but it would be selfish and ... and dishonest to say yes to the last man when I would have say no to the man . now yorick be tear up , too . yorick but I have change since then ! beth and so have i. look , I ... I do not believe in coincidence . there 's a reason my formula work the way it do , and I have a obligation to stay here with Dr. Mann and help she find new way of apply it . Beth lovingly touch yorick . beth and it 's no coincidence that destiny pick you . there 's a reason you be still alive , and it be not to save I . yorick then why ? why be I here ? Beth wipe away yorick 's tear and kiss he , one last time . beth alas , poor yorick ... that 's the question that separate the man from the boy . ext . dr . mann 's new laboratory - morning cut outside what appear to be a ordinary farm somewhere in the United States , as a hi-tech hatch open in the earth . 355 and Dr. Mann walk out of it . 355 walk passenger 117 agent 355 you sure you guy will be all right here on you own ? dr . mann yeah , yorick 's mother say this old shelter be design to house Congress for fifty year in case the y2k bug plunge the country into chaos . thank Christ for misplace paranoia . over to the park yugo and throw she bag in the seat . agent 355 well , I appreciate the parting gift . dr . mann where be you off to , 355 ? agent 355 if what you say about the culper Ring be true , then they might be responsible for more atrocity than just this . I be go to find out what they be and try to make up for as many as I can . dr . mann you do not have to pay for the sin of the father , you know . agent 355 all you have to do in life be die , right ? dr . mann I guess , ' cause I be sure as shit not filing tax anymore . the two shake hand , before Mann return to she new home . as 355 finish load she stuff into the car , the sound of the hatch re-opening be hear off-screen . 355 turn to see yorick ( cane in hand ) , with ampersand on he shoulder . yorick what , do the hard - as-nail secret agent suck at good - by ? he stare 118 agent 355 just figure you have more important thing to do down there . yorick actually , the doc say she 's get everything important from amp and I already . she take all the semen sample she need while I be out . not sure I want to know how she take they , but -- agent 355 I hope Beth let you down easy . at 355 in disbelief . yorick you ... you know she be gonna dump I ? agent 355 from pretty much the moment you tell I about she , yeah . yorick just kick at the dirt a bit . yorick why be woman 's intuition only right when it 's too late to do anything about it ? agent 355 it 's never too late , yorick . I be sure you two will work it out . yorick actually , I tell she I be leave . 355 stop what she 's do . agent 355 and go where ? yorick I be kinda hope to hitch a ride with you . agent 355 yorick ... 119 yorick just hear I out . I know you lady have the world under control . Beth be tell I the water 's back on in most city and the nuclear power plant be cool down and all that ... but maybe there 's something out there that someone still need a man for . agent 355 like what ? yorick ( a beat ) open jar ? agent 355 yorick , you be safest here . yorick you sure about that ? what if other ... villainess find out about this place ? burn it to the ground , God forbid . it 's not smart to keep all we sperm in one basket . agent 355 ( a little disgust ) you have a way with word . yorick do that mean I can tag along ? a long beat . agent 355 why not . as ampersand scamper into the yugo 's back seat , yorick climb in shotgun . 355 take the wheel . agent 355 buckle up . I do not need the last man on earth fly through my windshield . yorick not the last man , Three . yorick pull out a CD from he bag , which he throw in the car 's sound system . 120 yorick just the only one for now . jay -Z 's '' 99 problem '' come to life over the speaker . agent 355 reach for the volume , and with a little half - smile , turn it up . we be look at the car from above now , as it peel away from the hide shelter , eventually slow to stop at a fork in a clearly y-shaped road . we pull out farther , faster and faster , high into the AIR , past the cloud , past the upper atmosphere , until we be once again in space , take in the serene blue planet , look much like it do in the moment before the Plague . but this time , a large object suddenly float into frame . int . INTERNATIONAL space station - now push in through one of the space station 's tiny window to reveal a female astronaut , the one we hear come over the NASA Ground Control speaker during the open Plague montage . this woman 's check a complicated control panel . female astronaut that 's it . the elektron 's go from work intermittently to belching hydrogen into the cabin . even the ham radio 's dead . another voice ( 0.s. ) then the decision 's be make for we . finally , cut over to two male astronaut , a bearded russian cosmonaut and the handsome african - american team leader , hover in the weightless environment across from they female colleague . male astronaut we be go home . blackness . smash CUT to credit