year one written by harold ramis , gene stupnitsky &amp ; Lee eisenberg October 18th , 2007 in the beginning ... 1 black a infinite void but at the center a singularity , a particle infinitely small and infinitely dense that contain all the potential matter and energy in the universe . the big bang a blind flash of light as the singularity explode , particle expand in all direction until they fill the screen , a shimmer cloud of electromagnetic dust . then the particle start to attract one another to form atom , the atom element , the element form molecule , the molecule compound , the compound cell , then a cell twitches and a primitive drum start booming out a dolby heartbeat as we witness the rapid evolution of organism . then a big fish swim by and be suddenly swallow whole by a much bigger fish , and we rapidly rise from the depth and pull back to reveal -- the sea 2 vast , blue , roll toward the shore , brilliant sun rise in a cloudless azure sky . a woman emerge from the sea like Aphrodite , strongly backlit to obscure she nudity , but we can see she be full - breast , long -limb , tone and tan -- perfection . then a man rise up out of the water beside she , and stagger clumsily in the surf . even in silhouette we can see he 's far from perfect -- short , overweight . they turn to each other and embrace . it 's paradise -- for he . the woman ( look deep in he eye ) I be so hungry . the man ( want she ) yeah . I , too . the drum get hotter as he close he eye and lean in to kiss she , but she turn and walk away . woman what should we eat ? the man oh , you actually mean you be hungry . I think -- forget it . official White 2 . he follow she . they walk toward the tree that fringe the beach . when they reach the line of vegetation , the woman , maya , kneel , pull berry from a bush and pop they in she mouth . the man , zed , grab a handful of berry and they squat there nosh like Adam and Eve . the woman mmmm , this be so good . the man mmrrunm , they really be . when she turn away he spit they out in disgust . Maya smile and put she face very close to he , they lip almost touch . maya ( very sexy ) you know what I would really like ? zed ( hopefully ) what ? maya some fruit . zed ( frustrated , but hang in ) yeah , fruit 's good . ( he stand up ) you want a apple or a pear ? maya ( thinks ) no . he scan the nearby tree . zed Orange ? tangerine ? ( she shake she head ) umm , mango ? Kiwi ? Peach ? she shake she head coyly . he start darting from tree to tree , hopefully point out various option . she follow he . official White 3 . zed ( cont would ) plum ? nectarine ? Passion fruit ? maya ( coquettishly ) nuh-uh . zed ( fake smile ) okay , do not tell I -- papaya ? pomegranate ? lemon ? lime ? kumquat ? uh , cock ? cockfruit ? maya nooo -- the game be no longer cute but he still play along . zed watermelon ? honeydew ? grape ? maya nooo -- zed ( this be a lot of work to get laid ) starfruit , casaba - - tangelo ? maya nope . zed ( he do not even like she anymore ) okay , I give up . which fruit do you want ? maya ( point ) that one . Zed look . it 's a beautiful tree with lush , apple-like red fruit hang from it . zed ( scoff ) yeah , right . okay . maya why not ? official white 4 . zed because that 's the fruit we do not eat ! it 's forbidden . maya why not ? zed because we do not ! it 's a rule ! that 's the Tree of the knowledge of good and evil . you do not eat from that one . nobody ever have . maya why not ? zed stop say why not ! I tell you -- it 's a rule . maya so do you always follow the rule ? zed no -- yeah -- I do not know . we do not have that many rule . in fact , we only have one rule -- don't eat that fruit . maya okay , fine . we will not . forget I mention it . I understand if you be afraid -- zed I be not " afraid " -- maya no , really , it 's all right . I just think you might be curious why we can eat everything else that walk , crawl , swim , fly , or grow in the ground , but not that particular fruit . and I think you might be the kind of man who 's willing to take a chance and start think for himself , but I guess I be wrong . she glare defiantly at Zed , then start to walk away . it 's not paradise anymore . then like every man that ever live and will ever live , he cave . official White 5 . zed okay ! Fine ! you want to try the good and evil fruit , you get it . he rip two ripe fruit from a low-hanging bough and hand she one . they both stare at the fruit . maya you first . zed no way ! it be you idea . you go first . maya we both bite at the same time . Zed consider for a long moment then decide . zed okay . ready ? one -- two -- three ! Zed chomp down hard and take a big bite , but Maya fake he out and stop before she tooth break the skin . zed ( cont would ) ( with he mouth full ) get I . that 's a good move . I be go to steal it . he start chew and she watch as he get he first taste of good and evil . then he face contort in disgust and he spit it out . zed ( cont would ) ( gag and spitting ) yuchh ! that 's horrible . yecch , ptui ! ughh . he frantically wipe the inside of he mouth with he finger , try to get the terrible taste out . maya so you be say it 's not good ? zed yes ! I be say it 's not good ! he grab he belly as he stomach start to cramp . then a loud bowel sound and he eyebrow shoot up . zed ( cont would ) oh , no -- 6 . official White he run for the bush . Maya 's attention get divert . maya ( notice something ) ooh , banana ! CUT to : 3 3 ext . village - day a tribe of primitive caucasian . dozen of hut surround a mmunal fire pit where women in loincloth roll flatbread CO and cook it on heat rock . the drum start pound out a celebratory rhythm as the hunter enter carry a dead boar on a pole , they face mark with boar 's blood , ritual sign in honor of the kill . the lead hunter marlak , be a hulk thug with a bony , neanderthal forehead . he cut off the boar 's head and drop it at Maya 's foot . marlak ( blunt grunt ) for you . maya ( force a grateful smile ) thank you , marlak . 4 4 zed' hut Zed be lie on a pad of animal hide in front of he hut , he gut still aching . his best friend oh sit next to he sewing skin together , watch the hunter with envy , jealous of the attention they be get from the woman . if Zed be over - confident and reckless , oh be he polar opposite , nervous and risk -averse , the kind of guy who would apologize if you poke he in the ass with you spear . he may , in fact , be near-sighted and if glass have be invent he would be wear they . oh ( grumbling ) look at they . hunters think they be so cool . they do not think gather be dangerous ? there be thorns -- bee -- that big stingy ant . I could hunt -- I just do not want to . and what 's with the blood on they face ? they think that 's sanitary ? official White 7. zed ( miserable with pain ) do I a favor . just kill I . oh why do you eat that fruit ? it 's forbidden . everybody know that . zed I could not help myself ! Maya be just stare at I with that pouty eye -- and that perky breast -- opposable thumb . and how about the name ? " the Tree of the knowledge of good and evil " ? you do not think that sound tempting ? they should have just call it " the Tree with the fruit that tastes like shit . " then for sure nobody would eat it . Zed notice a villager squatting in the bush right behind he dwelling . zed ( cont would ) ( shout testily ) hey ! squanto ! give I a break , would ya ' ! you get the whole forest ! ( to oh ) why do everyone have to crap right behind my hut ? oh I think , and I could be wrong , that all the poop make the ground more fertile , which in turn , give the leave in the area a softer feel . it 's a vicious circle . oh notice a very pretty young woman , eema , stand near the communal fire with two hunter . his heart leap . oh ( cont would ) ( call out eagerly ) hi , eema ! eema turn , see it 's he and give he a perfunctory wave , then turn back to the hunter and say something about oh that make they laugh . official White 8 . oh ( cont would ) she do not even know I exist . ( love -struck ) I want to lay with she so badly . zed I do not see it . I mean she 's cute , but I do not think I would lay with she . oh of course not ! she 's you sister ! it would be like sleep with you mother . zed which be a big mistake . I see that now . you think it will not be awkward the next morning but -- trust I , you just want to rip you eyeball out . ( shake off the memory ) listen , if you want to impress eema , tonight at the feast , do the fertility dance with she , then drag she back to you hut . oh my hut 's a mess . and what if she struggle ? zed so you give she a little tap on the head . woman respond to that -- oh ( sigh ) no . she only like hunter -- not gatherer . they look over at eema , who be now slowly stroking the shaft of a hunter 's spear . zed I would not read too much into that . she kiss , then tongue the spear tip . zed ( cont would ) okay , that might mean something . the hunter marlak walk by and stop . he 's clearly half a rung lower on the human evolutionary scale . official White 9 . marlak you do not hunt today . zed yes , marlak . very observant . I be indispose . get that intestinal thing that 's be go around . marlak grunt and examine the primitive line drawing on the wall of Zed 's hut . marlak ( point at a draw ) what 's that suppose to be ? zed it 's a bear . marlak that 's not a bear . that 's just some line on a skin . zed ( sigh ) it 's not a real bear . it 's a " representation " of a bear . you know , a " picture . " marlak that 's stupid . zed yeah . like you would know . marlak and what 's that ? he pick up a skin with another of Zed 's drawing on it , this one of a big-breasted naked girl . Zed quickly grab it and hold it upside down . zed that -- would be a antelope -- or a deer -- a deerpalope . marlak ( try to look at it upside down ) it look like Maya . official White 10 . zed ( hide it away ) how could it be Maya ? it 's just some line on a skin . marlak stay away from my woman . zed you woman ? I be not sure drag she into the bush kick and scream mean you have a actual " thing " go . marlak cuff he hard on the side of the head . marlak ( walk off ) stay away . zed ( call after he ) hey ! Nice supra-orbital ridge , fartface ! dissolve to : 5 5 a roaring FIRE the drum kick up another notch as the huge boar roast on a spit over a roaring fire . ext . village - night the tribe be gather around the big fire pit . the tribe 's shaman , they medicine man and spirit leader , dance around the fire in a boar 's head mask , accessorize with way too many bone , bead and feather . Zed and oh be sit near the fire , smoking something in a long , decorate pipe . zed hey , oh ? do it ever occur to you that there may be more to life than this ? oh ( take the pipe from Zed ) okay , I think somebody 's have enough . official White 11 . zed no , I be serious . we be bear into thisworld , we hunt , we gather , we eat , we sleep , we make baby -- oh you make baby -- zed -- but why ? what 's the point ? oh you always get like this when you smoke . oh take a big toke on the pipe , choke , and start cough uncontrollably . zed no . last night I could not sleep , so I just laid there look up at the sky , count the star . there be over seventy . kinda make you think , do not it ? oh ( look up at the sky ) no . zed really ? I have be think about it ever since I eat that fruit . do not you ever wonder what 's on the other side of the mountain ? oh there 's nothing on the other side of the mountain . everybody know that . the world just end . you would fall right off the edge . ( make a sharp gesture ) zed but what if it do not ? what if it just go on and on forever ? or what if it 's round ? ( he pick up a round rock ) ) and if you keep walk you eventually come right back to where you start ? he trace the circumference with he finger . official White 12 . oh ( scoff ) oh , yeah , that 's plausible . Zed fling the rock away . a villager ( o.c . ) oww ! zed ( wave apologetically ) sorry ! oh ( try to cheer he up will you stop with that crazy talk ? we be at a feast . you love feast . there 's woman , there 's boar meat , there 's a assortment of berry -- there 's woman -- oh look over at eema . Zed pick up on it . zed do it , man ! go dance for she . oh you think ? they be play the jackal dance . I do not do that one so well . zed be you kid ? go! jackal dance ! oh summon he courage , get up and cross to where the girl be sit . Zed make subtle eye contact with Maya , waggle he eyebrow and lick he lip . she laugh and look away . oh start dance timidly right in front of eema , subtly jerk he pelvis , try to be cool . eema just stare at he for a moment , then go back to talk to she friend . oh look over at Zed for help . Zed mime clonking she on the head . oh pick up a wooden club and hit eema right on the noggin . however , instead of submit , she get really piss , stand up and deck he with one punch . official White 13 . eema glower at Zed who feign innocence . CUT to : 6 6 the FIRE pit - minute later a hunter be slice off hunk of boar meat for the other tribesman . Zed push through the small crowd wait for food and go to the front . zed Excuse I , hunter come through . villager hey ! wait you turn ! there 's a line here , buddy ! zed for you information I be in line and I just step out to chew some food for a elderly lady . suddenly a spear be thrust inch from he face , stop he . it 's marlak , who tower over Zed . his cohort , enmebaragesi , short and stout , stand beside he . marlak enmebaragesi say he see you in the garden with Maya . zed oh , really ? and what if I call enmebaragesi a liar ? enmebaragesi I would kill you . zed calm down . I say " what if " -- it be a hypothetical . marlak get right in Zed 's face . marlak enmebaragesi do not lie . villager gather around they , Maya and eema among they . marlak put he spear point to Zed 's throat . marlak ( cont would ) the truth ! official White 14 . maya Zed , just admit it . you be just make it harder on yourself . zed ( instantly annoyed ) no , you just make it harder on myself ! ( to marlak ) okay , fine , you get I . ( gingerly move the spear point ) Maya and I lay together on occasion . we be consent adult and we have a adventurous sexual relationship . Maya look shocked , and try to signal Zed to shut up . marlak ( stunned ) you laid with my woman ? zed be not that what we be talk about ? Maya roll she eye . enmebaragesi no , I see you eat the forbidden fruit . zed oh , that ! yeah ! I do eat the fruit . I be just kid about humping Maya . marlak knock Zed to the ground . the drumming stop . oh come run over and get between marlak and Zed . oh ( forceful ) hey ! what 's go on ? marlak growl at he . oh ( cont would ) ( quickly look up at the sky ) oooh , shoot star . official White 15 . Zed get to he foot . zed look , marlak , this be crazy . you be two of I . I be not gonna fight you over a girl , okay ? Zed start to walk away but quickly pivot and throw a wild haymaker at marlak who easily duck it , and it hit a unsuspecting enmebaragesi squarely in the nose . Zed ( cont would ) ( to enmebaragesi ) and let that be a lesson to you big friend - marlak grab Zed , land two solid punch to Zed 's mid - section , and then clock he with a vicious right that send he sprawling to the ground . marlak ( stand over Zed ) you father be a great hunter , but you be like -- a girl . the hunter laugh . enmebaragesi good one , marlak . another hunter Zing . marlak now I kill you . he 's about to spear Zed when suddenly the shaman scream and jump between they . the villager step back as the shaman howl a incantation and shake he magic rattle at Zed . shaman ( lean close to Zed ) we need to talk . CUT to : 7 the campfire - minute later 7 Zed and the shaman sit side by side on a log , talk privately . official White 16 . the shaman be cover in skin , feather , bone , bead , animal tooth , antler and horn , he hair a mass of long , muddy dreadlock , he face paint , he cheek , nose , and ear pierce by shard of bone . but if not for he outlandish getup , zed could be talk to he pastor . shaman you really eat the fruit ? zed one bite ! what 's the big deal ? shaman ( halfheartedly shake a chicken - foot rattle at he ) you do not eat the fruit ! that 's be the number one rule from the beginning of time . since the great turtle climb from the sea with the Earth on he back , drank the ocean , poope out the mountain and the first man fall from the star . zed I have always have trouble with the great turtle Theory - - too many unexplain gap . shaman whatever . you be screw now . zed really ? how screw ? like I know it be a rule but I be a little fuzzy on the exact detail . shaman you be curse , man , and if you stay here then we will all be curse . you have to leave . zed where be I suppose to go ? shaman up to you . from now on you be completely on you own . zed ( defiant ) oh , really ? ( more ) official White 17 . zed ( cont would ) be I detect a little jealousy here because I now have the knowledge of good and evil and you do not ? well , you know what ? I say what I do be a good thing -- a very very good thing -- and I be not leave . what do you think of that ? a human skull come fly in from off - camera and land at he foot . zed ( cont would ) okay , be that suppose to be funny ? he stand up and we see that the whole tribe be stand around they in a wide circle . marlak bang he spear on the edge of he animal- hide shield , start a rhythmical beat . the other hunter join in , keep the beat , stare at Zed with lethal intent shaman ( to Zed , be the hunter ) you should probably get go now . you better take this knife . he hand he a flint knife with a leather - wrap handle . shaman ( cont would ) and some of the guy get together and they want you to have this bow . he hand he a strong hunter 's bow . zed I do not want to seem ungrateful or anything , but you would not happen to have any arrow , would you ? a arrow zip in and stick in the post next to he head . shaman ( to Zed ) you would better get move . Zed look around at he fellow villager , try to summon what dignity he have leave . zed ( defiant ) okay , but before I go I just want to say something . I know I be not the great hunter -- official White 18 . villager ( o.s. ) -- or gatherer -- zed yes , or gatherer -- but there 's get to be more to life than this -- ( to hunters ) kinda hard to concentrate with that rhythmic drum , fella . the hunters keep the insistent beat , they gaze fix on Zed. zed ( cont would ) ( roll he eye ; " this guy be hopeless " ) anyway , I be go away , not because you be force I to -- which you be -- but because I choose to . yes , I eat from the Tree of the knowledge of good and evil -- major misunderstanding on my part -- and believe I I be not recommend it unless you be interested in a very powerful laxative -- but it get I think about some pretty heavy stuff -- life question , you know . so I be out of here , and anyone who want to join I be welcome . he look around the circle and see Maya . she see marlak stare at she and avert she eye . zed ( cont would ) anyone -- Zed look at oh , who suddenly become very interested in a imaginary piece of loincloth lint . zed ( cont would ) ( look directly at oh ) I do not know where we be go or when we be go to get there , but I will lead the way -- ( he pick up a burn torch ) lighting up the darkness -- point we in the right direction , and keep we entertained with humorous anecdote from my childhood . now who 's with I ? he enthusiastically thrust the torch in the air . official White 19 . oh look at eema , then at Zed , and lower he eye . zed ( cont would ) okay , then I guess I will just have to go it alone , which be fine with I -- ( to oh ) -- better , in fact , because have a partner would just slow I down . oh can not look at he . Zed shake he head , fail to notice that the torch he 's hold have ignite the roof of the hut next to he . the shaman shout and point at the now blaze roof . zed ( cont would ) oops ! they all stare as the fire quickly leap from roof to roof . zed ( cont would ) I know there 's a lesson in here somewhere . any thought ? the villager scream and run off to try and save they hut . it 's chaos . marlak ( raise he spear , to Zed ) now you die . marlak throw he spear and miss as Zed take off run into the forest with the hunter right behind he and the whole village ablaze . CUT to : 8 ext . forest - night 8 Zed run for he life through the dense forest . the hunter chase he , shoot arrow at he on a dead run . Zed dodge as the arrow zip around he . he veer leave , then right , then trip and tumble down a muddy embankment . the hunter stop at the top of the embankment . marlak listen for sound of movement in the forest below , then silently signal for the hunter to fan out . official White 20 . marlak nimbly make he way down the embankment , reach the bottom and see something in the moonlight . it 's Zed lie on the ground , badly camouflage with stick and leave , think he can not be see , but the shape of he body be clearly discernible . marlak raise he spear . marlak I see you . zed ( long beat ) no , you do not . marlak yes , I do . zed how can you see I if I be not here ? marlak you be try to trick I . zed okay , then tell I this -- who 's stand right behind you ? marlak ( nobody 's fool ) you think I be go to turn around and look , but I be not . ( pull he knife ) I be go to gut you like a pig . he be about to plunge he knife into Zed when suddenly he be strike from behind by a heavy tree branch . he fall heavily , knock senseless by oh who be stand over he with the makeshift club . Zed sit up and smile gratefully at oh . oh I guess I be with you . zed be it my speech ? oh no , the fire . I lose everything . official White 21 . zed but the speech be pretty good , right ? I mean , even I be move and I be the one speak . oh can we talk about this later ? oh pull Zed to he foot , and they sneak off into the deep wood . dissolve to : 9 ext . a forest path - later that night 9 cricket . Zed and oh walk through the moonlit forest . zed this be nice , out here , the two of we . oh ( sullen ) yeah , it 's great . zed come on , that hunter be idiot . in a hour they will forget the whole thing . oh I do not think they will forget the fire . zed you know what we should do ? you and I should kill the biggest boar ever -- just huge ! -- and take it back to the village . just to show they . and we will not let anyone else eat it . they will have to watch we eat it . oh if it 's that huge how would we carry it back ? zed ( considering ) Fine , we will just start with something small . a squirrel or something . official White 22 . oh yeah , we will make everyone watch we eat a squirrel . will you get real ? there 's no go back ! there 's , nothing to go back to ! it 's just ash . zed ( scoff ) yeah , like it 's so hard to build a new hut . it 's just a pile of stick and dung -- oh ( scowls ) you be a pile of stick and dung . suddenly , Zed stop and stand perfectly still . zed ( through clench tooth ) oh ! oh what be you do ? Zed make a minimal gesture with he head . oh look up . a cougar crouch on a tree limb above they , poise to leap . oh freeze . they talk like ventriloquist . zed do not move a muscle . oh will that work ? zed ( without move he lip ) I do not know . there 's two different opinion on this one . some say run , some say do not . oh what be you go to do ? zed I be go to -- run ! he sprint off and the cougar pounce right on oh . CUT to : official White 23 . 10 ext . a FIRE - daybreak 10 Zed be hold a stick over the fire , cooking what look like a squirrel or a muskrat . oh come out of the forest carry a huge armload of stick and branch . one of oh 's stick fall , and as he carefully reach down to grab it , the rest spill out on the ground . oh sigh . his body be cover with long claw mark . zed you really should put some maggot on that scratch . they look pretty deep . oh ( bitter ) I just want to know why you tell I not to move , and you run . zed because I honestly think he would go for I . I think I be do you a favor . apparently not appreciate . oh yeah , big favor . zed you do not have to come with I , you know . I do not ask you to come . oh yes , you do ! you look right at I -- twice . zed yes , that 's a technique of public speak , but I do not ask you specifically . you choose to come . you gotta take some responsibility for that . and there 's no point come if you be just gonna keep whining about every little -- cougar that attack you . ( pull the cook rodent from the fire ) you want some or not ? official White 24 . oh ( huffy ) no , eat you weasel . you deserve it . he turn he back to Zed , and start sorting through the pile of stick . zed you make you own fire ? oh no , arrow . we be go to need they . zed ( perk up ) you be still come ? oh ( resigned ) yes . Zed clap he on the back and hug he exuberantly . oh wince in pain . CUT to : 11 ext . highland - day 11 Zed and oh be hike uphill , the lush , dense verdure of the forest now thinning to evergreen and mountain heather . CUT to : 12 the mountain - later 12 Zed and oh climb higher now . finally , they reach the top and look out at the vista . from they vantage point they can see a high plateau and wood land stretch far beyond it . zed ( gloat ) I know it ! still think you be just gonna fall off the edge of the world ? official White 25 . oh ( in amazement ) incredible . he take a step forward , the rock shelf give way beneath he foot and he fall a great distance , scream all the way down , bounce painfully off the big boulder , then a long , tumble slide over sharp rock and gravel to the bottom . zed ( wince ) oooh . - ( then call out ) I will go around ! wait for I ! CUT to : 13 ext . forest - later 13 Zed be follow a trail downhill through the forest on the other side of the mountain . oh be limping along behind he , bitten , claw , cut , scrape and bruise . zed say what you want , but that be no accident . you do not see a pattern here ? oh I see a pattern . every time something terrible can happen to I , it do . zed yeah , but why ? why would the cougar go for you and not I ? why do you fall and I do not ? hard to believe it 's all just random . think about it -- J ; avdganly MI , I ) ia htinti ! for 1 in wrom m 11w , 10 look around the forest clear for subtle sign . zed ( cont would ) ( sniff the air ) people -- more than one -- walk -- ( he guess ) that way . oh ( look around ) you think ? there 's about a thousand footprint here . official White 26 . he indicate the heavily trample forest floor . zed ( ignore he ) yes ! there ! he drop to one knee and examine something in the bush . Zed ( cont would ) they stop here to poop . look . oh no , thank you . zed four man , maybe five . and a child -- or a small woman maybe . oh ( a little disgust ) okay . zed ( poke at the evidence ) look like they have some nut -- dry fruit -- some kind of green leafy vegetable -- oh okay ! enough ! can we just go ? maybe we can find where they peed . 14 then Zed see light through the tree and creep 14 stealthily to the tree line . oh creep up beside he and they peer through the bush . three cow be graze in a green pasture . Beyond it , well - tend field of grow grain . Zed snap into stalking mode , duck down and silently signal oh to be quiet and stay put . zed ( whisper ) this one 's mine . he take he bow , pull a arrow from he quiver , and slowly draw the bow , take deadly aim at one of the cow . he shoot . the blunt , pointless arrow hit the cow in the side and bounce off . the cow look up . official White 27 . zed ( cont would ) ( to oh ) we be gonna need some arrowhead . Zed draw he flint knife , then suddenly burst out of the forest , dash toward the cow and leap on its back . oh come run up as the cow buck and send Zed fly . lying on the ground , Zed look up and see two surprised young farmer dress in simple white woolen tunic stare at he . first young farmer do you just shoot my cow ? zed ( get painfully to he feet ) yeah , well -- we be hunter . oh ( cover for himself ) he 's a hunter . I be more of a " maker . " I make this loincloth , I do arrow -- I make a shelf unit for my hut -- zed what do you guy do ? second young farmer what do it look like ? we be farmer . first young farmer he 's a farmer ; I be a herdsman . second young farmer you be a suck , be what you be . first young farmer ( ignore he ) my brother , cain . I be call abel . cain you be call suck . abel my brother be angry because God look on my sacrifice with favor . official White 28 . cain ( mimic he ) " God look on my sacrifice with favor -- " ( to oh ) okay , be he a total suck or what ? oh well , it 's hard to say -- we just met -- abel why be you drag they into this ? what do they know ? they be moron . zed ( offended ) hey ! easy ! cain ( to abel ) you think you be so superior to everyone else . abel Superior - er than you . cain really ? let 's see how good you be at get you ass kick . ( shove he ) abel yeah ? bring it ! ( shove he back ) zed okay , boy , that 's enough . we just want to -- cain ( will not let it go ) no ! this smug asshole insulted you and I want he to take it back . zed we be not really that insulted -- cain ( push abel hard ) take it back ! official White 29 . abel ( push back ) make I ! Zed step between they , try to make peace . zed boy , boy ! you be brother ! let 's just relax and -- cain use the distraction to sneak - punch abel and the fight be on . they start throw wild punch , then clinch and wrestle each other to the ground . oh should not we do something ? zed just let they settle it . cain pick up a good-size rock and strike abel on the head with all he might . abel fall heavily to the ground and lie there , not move . cain stand over he , breathe hard . zed ( cont would ) ( shocked ) I guess that settles it . cain ( turn on he sharply , still hold the bloody rock ) what ?! zed nothing ! cain stare at abel , still inert on the ground . cain he 's all right . probably just resting -- oh ( humoring he ) probably just tuckere out from the fight . cain ( look around nervously ) yeah . ( more ) official White 30 . cain ( cont would ) maybe I should throw some dirt on he -- keep he warm ' till he wake up . he start kick dirt over abel 's body . cain ( cont would ) ( get worried ) this be bad . this be really bad . we be in serious trouble . zed hey ! what do you mean " we " ? I do not want to play the blame game , but you be the one who hit he . cain ( turn on they ) you could have stop I ! there 's two of you and only one of I . zed we do not know you be go to kill he -- cain you call I a murderer ? ( he clutches the rock ) zed do I say that ? cain it be a accident ! ( to oh ) right ? oh right ! you be hold the rock and he -- accidentally run into it -- really hard -- with he head . cain ( calming down ) okay -- yeah -- good . but it might be better if we do not mention the " accident " to anyone . people might get the wrong idea . understand ? oh oh , yeah , people could so easily misinterpret that . official White 31 . zed ( shrug ) why even bring it up ? cain ( nods ) I like you guy . you be all right . why do not you come with I ? have supper with the family . zed unfortunately we already have dinner plan . cain I think you should come with I . oh ( he idea ) why do not we go with you ? CUT to : 15 ext . the field - a little later 15 cain finish load bushel of grain onto a oxcart while Zed and oh closely inspect the big , heavy , solid wooden wheel on the cart . zed what be the big round thing for ? cain they be wheel , numbskull . they make the cart roll . zed ( blow away ) wow ! that be like the great invention since the vagina . cain whip the oxen and they lumber forward . oh scream as the heavy wheel roll over he feet . CUT to : 16 close on zed and oh 16 they look really thrilled , wind blow through they hair , they hand up like roller - coaster rider . official White 32 . zed and oh ( whooping ) woooo ! woooo ! yeah ! pull back to reveal : the cart with they riding on it , plodd slowly into a farming hamlet , °a cluster of small , roughly plaster mud house with thatched roof . adam , dour , hard - work and long - suffer , but still strong and upright , trudge home with a metal scythe over he shoulder . he could be Max von sydow . adam ( hail cain ) cain , my son ! cain hail , Father . cain stop the cart and dismount with Zed and oh. cain ( cont would ) can this guy stay for supper ? ( off Adam 's question look ) I bring stranger who would sojourn with we this night . cain turn to Zed and oh and furtively mime a elaborate lip - sewing gesture , ancient precursor to the modern lip-zipper . adam greeting , stranger . I be call Adam and you be welcome to share the fruit of we toil . zed thanks , but I be kind of stay away from fruit for the time be . Zed give cain a subtle , acquiescent nod as Adam usher they into he crude dwelling . 33 . official White 17 17 int . adam' dwelling - nightfall the rude dwelling have a stark , somber , almost amish feel to it . Zed and oh sit at the table share a simple meal youngest with Adam , cain and he Adam 's wife eve and h they , lilith 's tunic gape open to reveal she breast every time she lean over to put something on the table . Zed and oh can not take they eye off she . adam ( to cain ) where be thy brother , abel ? cain ( badly overplay ) abel ? have not see he . I think he be with you . ( to Zed and oh ) you guy see he ? they shake they head and cough nervously . zed and oh ( equally unconvincing ) nape . not that I remember . never see anybody -- anywhere -- anytime -- ever . adam ( to cain ) you sister lilith say she see he in the field with you . cain I think that be yesterday . adam no , this day . she say you both make offering . cain that might have be boaz --- adam no , you and abel . she say it look like you be argue . cain hey , we be brother , we argue sometimes - it 's not that big a deal . official White 34 . adam and he flock be untend in the pasture -- cain ( explode ) okay ! what be I - - he keeper ? get off my back , will you ? he smashes he plate against the wall and storm out . a awkward silence as Zed and oh exchange guilty look . adam I fear the worst for abel . I be sorely vex . zed yeah , that 's get to be pretty vex . a bergmanesque gloom fill the hovel as Adam muse sullenly on he sorry circumstance . adam for my sin the ground be curse . thorns and thistles do it sprout for we , and we be doom to toil all the day of we life . for as the Lord have command , by the sweat of you brow shall you get bread to eat until you return to the ground from which you be take . for dust you be , and to dust shall you return . zed wow . that 's kind of a downer be not it ? adam it 's the way of the world . zed Boy , I hope not . adam ( rise abruptly ) you be welcome to stay the night and lay with my daughter lilith . Zed look at the luscious lilith , then back at Adam . official White 35 . zed I be wait for the punchline . adam she be without a husband , and as the Lord have say , thou shalt be fruitful and multiply . lilith nod demurely and exit through a curtain . Zed start to follow she out . oh hey ! what about I ? adam you may share the bed of my son Seth . zed yeah , there you go . ( he exit ) oh look at Seth . seth I multiply with a sheep . ( oh just stare at he ) my thingie smell like lamb chop . 18 int . lilith be room - continuous 18 Zed enter the room . lilith recline on a cot with a straw mattress . lilith ( make room on the cot ) my bed be small but you be welcome to share it . it 's the way of my people . zed ( lie down beside she ) and that 's a good way to be . in fact , I be kind of surprised a pretty girl like you be sleep alone anyway . I would have think guy would be line up at the door . lilith I do not like man . official White 36 . zed ( move closer ) maybe you just have not meet the right one . lilith I like girl . zed ( suave ) so we have that in common -- lilith ( stare at he for a beat ) I be attract to woman . zed ( a beat ) I do not even know what that mean . what do that mean ? lilith I like to have sex with other woman . zed ( stare at she for a long moment ) I be really not get this . lilith shake she head , turn away from he , and pull up she blanket . Zed shrug and roll over to sleep . they lie there quietly in the dark for a long beat . then -- Zed ( cont would ) you be kid ! whoa ! that 's amazing ! 19 int . seth be room - same time 19 oh be lie next to Seth , wide -awake , try to stay as far away from he as possible . seth oooh , listen to this one . Seth lift he knee to he chest and fart a surprisingly long cadenza . oh that 's really good . official White 37 . seth want to see a trick ? oh do I have to ? CUT to : 20 ext . adam' dwelling - daybreak 20 in the yard behind the house , oh be help cain as he chop firewood with a metal axe . oh now wear a tunic like the farmer . cain it 's be the same damn thing my whole life . ( swing the axe -- thwack ! ) " why can not you be more like abel ? " ( thwack ! ) " oh , you sacrifice be good , too , but abel 's be -- wow ! " ( thwack ! ) oh ( try to change the subject ) you brother Seth be a interesting guy . do you know he can put he penis in he mouth ? Adam and Zed come out of he dwelling . kinsmen from other dwelling start gather . adam cain ! cain yeah , hey -- where 's everybody go ? adam to look for abel . cain ( mutter ) good luck . adam what do you say ? official White 38 . cain ( louder , mock sincerity ) I say good luck . I be really worried about he . he turn aside and make a goofy sarcastic face for oh 's benefit . adam you be not come ? cain yeah , I be . I just have to finish toil over here , then I be right behind you . Adam and the other hurry off , and as soon as they be go , cain rush over and start harness the oxen to the cart . cain ( cont would ) ( to Zed and oh ) now listen , I be get out of here , and you better come with I . I have a feel they be go to try and blame this whole " abel - kill - thing " on you . zed why would they blame we ? cain because when they find he and he head be all bashed in , they be go to start point finger , and you guy be drifter , so they will put two and two together and that make -- he stare expectantly at Zed and oh. cain ( cont would ) four ! it make four ! now stop ask so many question and hop on . we gotta get out of here ! he urgently whip the oxen and they climb aboard as the cart lumber forward . CUT to : official White 39 . 21 ext . wheat field - minute later 21 Adam and the other farmer discover abel 's body . adam ( bitterly ) cain -- ( to the other ) after he ! the farmer shout and race back to the hamlet . CUT to : 22 ext . the hamlet - minute later 22 Adam and the other farmer jump onto two more oxcart and set out after cain , Zed and oh . CUT to : 23 ext . cart path - later 23 cain 's cart lumber along . he look back over he shoulder . cain ( urgently , to Zed and oh ) they be gain on we ! Zed and oh look back . there Pov the other oxcart be a hundred yard back , " chase " they at maybe two mile per hour . cain whip he oxen and they step up the pace to 3 mph . cain ( gleeful ) hah ! they will never catch we now ! a aerial view show cain 's cart slowly pull away from he pursuer . suddenly a bolt of lightning split the bright blue sky and strike cain right on the forehead , knock he back into the cart . he sit up stunne , with a still - smoking , jag burn mark on he forehead . official White 40 . cain ( cont would ) ( daze but exhilated ) wow ! what be the odd of that ?! ( feel the burn mark ) be I lucky or what ? Zed and oh exchange doubtful look and glance nervously at the sky . CUT to : 24 ext . the seashore - day 24 the ox cart approach a small trading settlement on the seacoast , a kind of makeshift tent city around a central marketplace . several dhow be tie up at the shore , camel and pack animal be tethere on the fringe , while trader and merchant inspect newly arrive goods and haggle over price . 25 ext . marketplace - day - later 25 Zed , oh and cain wander through the crowded market . people of every race dress in all manner of exotic garb buy , sell , and barter goods from distant land . Zed and oh gawk like a couple of yokel . zed look at all this people ! and this stuff ! oh approach a bakery stand and stare hungrily at the bread . oh ( to the merchant ) can I have one of that ? he reach for a loaf but the merchant strike he hand with a cane . oh ( cont would ) ow ! merchant two silver piece . cain ( hungry ) we be gonna need some money . official White 41 . zed yeah , we be gonna need money . ( a afterthought ) what 's money ? they see a crowd at the center of the market gather around a raise platform . slave in shackle be line up on the raise wooden platform while customer examine that wait to be auction . the auctioneer bring up a fnuscular male slave in a loincloth . zed ( cont would ) it 's marlak ! marlak 's hand be bound and he 's restrain by a chain attach to a thick leather collar around he neck . auctioneer ( address the crowd ) next up , a unusual item -- look like a caucasian - - he 's big , he 's strong , he 's a good breeder , so I be go to start at 100 gold mina . do I hear 100 ? as the bid start , Zed spot Maya , he sister eema , and enmebaragesi among the chain - up slave wait to be sell . Zed and oh push they way through the crowd and go to they . zed ( amaze to see they ) eema ! Maya ! the woman embrace he with relief and excitement . oh ( sheepish ) hi , eema . eema oh . zed what happen ? how do you get here ? official white 42 . maya well , after the fire -- ( she shoot he a accuse look ) ) -- the hill tribe raid the village . the man fight they but they be too many . they take we captive , march we to the sea , then trade we to the boat people who bring we here . oh ( to eema ) be you all right ? do they -- rape you ? eema ( shrug ) just a little . Zed and oh look at she curiously . the slave trader see they talk to eema and approach . slave trader you interested in some slave ? zed ( like a prospective buyer ) yeah , this one look pretty good -- he start prodding , poke and squeezing Maya 's arm like he 's buy fruit . oh take the opportunity to fondle eema 's breast . she punch he . Zed ( cont would ) ooh , feisty ! so how do this work if we want they ? the slave trader note Zed 's peasant clothes . slave trader you have money ? zed ( cagey ) well , that depend on what you mean by money ? slave trader look , pal , money talk and bullshit walk . I do not have time for looky - loos . official white 43 . cain step up and intercede . cain ( grandly ) perhaps I can help . ( confidentially to Zed and oh ) let I talk to the guy . maybe I can make a deal with he . you guy wait here . cain put he arm around the slave trader 's shoulder and walk he away . cain ( cont would ) ( to the slave trader ) so what be we lookin ' at here ? from a distance , Zed and oh watch they talk , but can not hear what they be say . oh ( to eema ) what a amazing coincidence -- run into you and Maya and they . zed you still think it 's all just a coincidence ? all of we here right now , at this particular place , at this particular time ? oh ( thinks ) I do not know . why do you think ? zed I be not sure yet , but I be start to believe that everything happen for a reason . like , why do I eat the forbidden fruit ? oh to get laid ? maya hey ! zed official White 44 . okay , that might have be what I be think at the time , but what if some omnipotent force put the fruit there because I be suppose to eat it ? oh which omnipotent force ? zed what do you mean " which " omnipotent force ? how many omnipotent force could there be ? oh I do not know ! what 's " omnipotent " mean ? zed work with I -- I be just speculate here . let 's call this force " God " ; and let 's say this " God " be control everything . maybe God want I to have the knowledge of good and evil . oh why would he want that ? maya how do you know God 's a " he ? " Zed roll he eye . zed do not you get what I be say ? what if we have be choose ? maya you think we have be choose by God ? zed well , no offense , but it 's possible that I be choose and you all just happen to be there . oh why would God choose you ? why would not he choose marlak ? he 's stronger . official White 45 . zed a choose do not need to be strong . I be big this way . ( point to he temple ) oh you do have a fat face . zed not my face , my brain . it 's enormous . I be the smartest guy in the village . oh ( scoff ) you be not even -- I be smarter than you ! zed what ?! ( to another villager ) which one of we be smarter ? villager you be both idiot ! zed oh yeah , then why be we free and you be chain up ? villager because of you ? cain ( call they over ) hey ! come here . I think we work something out . zed ( confidently , to Maya ) sit tight . I be go to get you out of here . do you trust I ? maya ( hedging ) I want to trust you . zed Fair enough . she give he a encourage hug , then Zed and oh cross to cain and the slave trader . official White 46 . zed ( cont would ) ( to cain ) good work . what 's the deal ? the slave owner smile . CUT to : 26 ext . slave market - a little later 26 Zed and oh be drag onto the platform in shackle and leg iron . they see cain riding off on a donkey . he hold up a bag of coin and wave goodbye . zed I never trust that guy . oh ( sarcastic ) why ? just ' cause he murder he brother and get hit by lightning ? they be push to the front of the platform . slave trader ( to the crowd ) all right ! next up be a twofer -- I be sell they as a pair -- I know they do not look like much -- but I be start the bid at sixty gold mina . do I hear sixty ? ( nothing ) remember , it 's two for one here . do I hear fifty ? anyone ? that 's only twenty - five apiece , folk . ( nothing ) Zed look out at the crowd , start to get offended . slave trader ( cont would ) you be break my heart here . how about forty ? do I hear forty ? ( nothing ) zed ( to oh ) it 's not like I want to be a slave or anything , but this be embarrassing ! official white 47 . slave trader thirty -five ? thirty ? zed ( shout ) come on , people ! we be a steal at thirty ! oh they probably do not know how smart you think you be . finally , a bedouin sheik raise he giraffe- tail fly whisk and wave it at the slave trader . slave trader yes ! sold to Sheikh Hassan for 30 gold mina ! ( to Zed and oh ) have a good time in the salt mine , boy . CUT to : 27 ext . desert - later that day 27 a small caravan of camel and donkey load with trade goods move across the arid wasteland . the effete sheikh ride the lead camel , protect from the blister sun by a colorful canopy . a few armed bedouin guard ride alongside . bring up the rear be a large four - wheeled cart drawn by horse , basically a cage on wheel into which twenty newly purchased slave have be cramme , jamme together like sardine . Zed and oh be in the middle of the body pile , literally cheek by jowl with the other slave , barely able to move . I eema be right next to oh , she body press tight against he . oh shift around , reposition he arm and body try to get more comfortable and give eema a little space , but he just end up touch she even more . oh ( embarrassed ) Excuse I -- I be sorry -- ( he hand get stick between she breast ) that 's not good -- he jerk he hand away , elbow marlak in the face . official White 48 . marlak growl and grab oh by the throat , but the struggle force everyone else to shift which cause even more discomfort . the other slave ow ! hey ! cut that out ! Zed try to turn he head to see who 's behind he . zed ( cont 'd ) ( grouchy ) hey , pal ! you can take you foot out of my ass anytime now . ( beat ) and you foot be still there . if I turn around , you will be sorry . Zed twist violently and manage a full turn which bring he face to face and crotch to crotch with Maya . zed ( cont would ) that 's better . maya for you maybe . zed look , I want you to know I blame myself for everything that happen . maya so do everybody else . marlak ( over he shoulder ) get away from my woman ! zed ( irritate ) I do not think that 's go to be possible . and I tell you before , she 's not " you woman . " marlak I will kill you ! marlak start muscle and squirming he way through the body pile try to get to Zed . the other slave hey ! watch it , jerk ! official White 49 . it 's too cramped to even throw a punch , so marlak use a random slave's head as a weapon to bang against zed 's head repeatedly . random slave ( meekly ) why ? suddenly Zed feel marlak 's hand around he neck , grab he from behind . Zed struggle but marlak manage to pull he into a full headlock , force Zed 's face into he hairy armpit . zed ( muffled ) ecchhh ! oh be vaguely aware of the fight go on but can not move . oh ( call to Zed ) hold on ! I be come ! oh try to maneuver to Zed , but can not move a inch . oh ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) if everyone could just move to the right . please ? thank you in advance for you cooperation . ( then , give up hope ) you can do it , Zed ! use he weight against he ! marlak now have Zed lock in a lethal choke hold . 28 28 ext . the slave wagon - continuous a bedouin guard notice the commotion and bang the bar of the cage with he staff . bedouin ( shout at the slave ) knock it off ! do not make I come in there ! zed ( mashed ) I would like to see you try . the bedouin be just about to respond when suddenly a metal tipped arrow fly in and pierce he throat . he drop to the sand , dead . official White 50 . a battle chariot come fly over the crest of the wadi follow by twenty armore foot soldier wear bronze helmet and breastplate . the soldier attack the caravan , slashing and slice the bedouin guard . they commander , sargon , he helmet top with a magnificent plume , ride up in the chariot and with one mighty stroke of he sword cut the head off another bedouin guard . marlak reach through the bar , grab the fall bedouin 's sword and hack off the lock on the door of the slave wagon . the door fly open and the slave tumble , jump and stumble out onto the ground . Zed and oh look around , gawk at the massacre take place . then Zed see marlak , sword in hand , look for he . sargon ( shout a order ) take the slave ! marlak start for Zed but two soldier ride up and throw a heavy restrain net over he . Zed grab oh and take off run over the nearest sand dune . sargon watch they flee . a soldier Sir , shall I pursue they ? sargon no . let the desert have they . they will not get far . CUT to : 29 ext . the desert - sunset 29 the soldier be campe for the night . the slave be back in they cage . sargon the commander stop to instruct the guard . official White 51 . sargon tend to the slave . we leave for sodom before daybreak . guard yes , sir . 30 30 zed and oh they lie hide behind a sandy ridge watch from a short distance . zed ( whisper ) I wonder who they be . they hat be really great , be not they ? oh they hat ? I be sorry , but when that one guy cut the other guy 's head off , my first think be not , " gee , what a great hat . " zed it be not my very first think , but I would be lie if I say it be not up there . ( watchful ) now we just need to figure out a way to rescue Maya and eema . oh how be we go to rescue anybody ? they be killer ! zed ( wily ) patience , my friend . even killer have to sleep sometime . he keep a sharp , wakeful eye on the enemy camp . dissolve to : 31 the morning SUN 31 Zed and oh fast asleep on the ridge . they slowly wake up . official White 52 . zed ( scratching ) well , that be refresh . how would you sleep ? oh ( yawns ) not that well . I think I be over - tired . then Zed suddenly remember Maya . he look and see that the soldier and slave be long go . zed shit ! he leap to he foot , look around desperately , and see nothing but a vast wasteland in every direction . oh now where do we go ? Zed sniff the air , put he ear to the ground , and taste the sand . zed I have no idea . CUT to : 32 zed and oh 32 trudging across the desert in the blister heat , grow weaker , stumbling and fall . oh ( too weak to move ) why do I listen to you ? now we be go to starve to death or die of thirst . zed will you stop be so negative ? I get you back , man . who save you from that lion when you be a baby ? they be go to pounce , have you surround . take the mama lion -- bam !-- kneed she right in the face . papa lion come fly at I -- bam !-- drop a elbow , knock he ass out . ( more ) official White 53 . zed ( cont would ) take he leg -- thwoom !-- toss he in the river . and the rest just run off . oh you know , I have ask people about that and no one else seem to remember it . zed yeah , because nobody else be there . you be lucky I be walk by . ( then ) okay , it 's possible I dream that -- but who practically raise you after you father be drag off by that raccoon ? not a dignify death . oh ( practically delirious ) he be a small man . oh collapse face down in the sand . pull back to reveal that they be surround by hungry jackal , vulture and hyenas . zed we have get to keep move . ( haul oh to he foot ) I have get you , buddy -- just like always . he put oh over he shoulder and stumble on . 33 ext . rocky hillside - later 33 a man in he sixty , tall , full beard , pierce eye and fierce nose , dress in a robe and kafiyya , arrange firewood on a large flat rock . his teenage son look around curiously . they be abraham and isaac . isaac hey , dad ? we make a burnt offer ? abraham yes , Isaac . as God have command I . official White 54 . isaac ( confuse ) I do not see the sheep . abraham the Lord will provide the sheep . abraham take a cord and start tie Isaac 's hand together . isaac ( nervously ) uh -- be this like a magic trick ? without another word abraham take strong hold of Isaac and lift he up onto the firewood . isaac ( cont would ) ( really scared now ) okay , if this be because I do not clean up my tent , you can stop now . I get it . then abraham pull a long slaughtering knife from beneath he robe . isaac ( cont would ) ( panicked ) all right , this be not funny anymore ! abraham raise the knife . isaac ( cont would ) I be tell mom ! the knife flash in the sun as it descend toward the boy . zed ( o.c . ) stop ! abraham and Isaac both turn to see Zed and oh step out from behind the rock . they clothes be tatter and they be burnt raw by the sun . zed ( cont would ) what be you do to that kid ? abraham ( innocently ) nothing . official White 55 . zed what do you mean , nothing ? you be just go to kill he ! abraham no , I be go to sacrifice he . there 's a difference . zed ( indicate Isaac ) not to he , I be guess . Isaac nod gratefully . abraham by what right do you interfere ? Art thou a angel of the Lord ? zed ( good question ) what do you think ? abraham ( nod sagely ) verily , thou wast send to stay my hand by the eternal one , bless be he . zed ( nods ) whatever you just say . oh help Isaac off the altar stone and unty he . isaac ( confidentially to oh ) he 's nut ! I be tell you -- he 's totally lose it . abraham ( to Zed ) I be abraham , son of terah of the house of nahor . zed I be Zed and this be oh , son of -- people you would not know . official White 56 . abraham the tent of my kinsmen lie just beyond . there will you find all that you desire . come . CUT to : 34 ext . hebrew encampment 34 abraham lead Isaac , Zed and oh past the colorful tent of he people . the camp be alive with activity . 35 int . abraham' tent - night 35 the spacious tent be light by torch , and a feast be in progress . twenty or thirty beard men in skullcap and long robe lounge on cushion or sit cross -legge in a circle on the carpete floor . a egyptian belly dancer shake she hip for the pleasure of abraham who occupy the place of honor . Zed and oh , now also wear robe and skullcap , be sit right beside he eat and drink everything in sight . Isaac sit beside they . abraham clap he hand for attention . Zed and oh look up as the music stop . abraham ( to the assembly ) my brother , let we give thanks unto God for stay my hand on the mountain this day . isaac ( humoring he ) best dad in all the land , everyone ! the kinsmen ( a ritual response , in unison ) praise be to God , hallow be his name . abraham and for the bounty which he hath bestow unto we . official white 57 . the kinsmen ( in unison ) he hath increase we wealth and bless we with his loving kindness . Zed and oh mutter along , try to fit in . zed and oh ( a beat late ) -- mumble mumble mumble loving kindness . abraham look at they . abraham Friends , whence comest thou ? Zed and oh look at each other blankly . isaac ( helpfully ) he want to know where you be from . abraham ( suspicious ) thou comest not from the city of the plain ? from sodom or gomorrah ? Zed perk up at the mention of sodom , recalling the destination of the soldier who take Maya and the other . zed sodom and gomorrah ? never be there . but I have hear of they . oh be they nice ? abraham the Lord have curse they for they abomination . zed ( nod gravely ) i do not know that . what kind of abomination be we talk about ? abraham they bow down before false god and worship graven image . official White 58 . zed ( click he tongue ) abominable . abraham the man of the city be weak and soft , fat with rich food , intoxicate by strong drink . zed ( sound good to he ) really . tell I more . abraham they woman be whore ; they shameless lust know no bound . they flaunt they flesh without shame and any man may have knowledge of they . oh ( he 's sell ) and where exactly be that city ? zed ( off abraham 's stern look ) we just want to know so we can avoid they . abraham ( fiercely ) walk not the path of sodom ! for surely will the Lord send he holy fire to destroy the city and all who dwell within , to smite they and all they seed for they iniquity . zed ( concerned ) when do you think all this smite be go to go down ? we may have some friend there . abraham ( get up ) accompany I . abraham sweep out of the tent . Zed and oh jump to they foot and follow . Isaac tag along . official white 59 . 36 ext . the tent - continuous 36 abraham walk to the edge of the desert . torchlight from the camp flicker on he face as he gaze across the desolate moonlit landscape . zed abraham , I be a little worried about the city be destroy . abraham they fate be seal . but for my faith and devotion , the self - same God have give unto I the whole of this land , from the Jordan to the negev , from the river of Egypt to the great euphrate . this do he grant to I and my seed . he raise he arm and spread they wide . zed ( impressed ) this be all you land ? abraham for eternity . isaac ( scoff ) yeah , God just forget to tell anyone else . we be have a war with someone like every five minute . abraham ( scowl at he ) I and my kinsmen have vanquish we enemy by the mighty hand of the Lord , praise be he. Zed and oh fake they way through a ritual response . zed his name be praise and love he whole graciousness -- oh -- of he wealthy bounty . abraham get a strange faraway look in he eye . official White 60 . abraham therefore , to signify my covenant with the one true God , on this night will I circumcise the flesh of my foreskin , and of you and every male who dwell hereby . zed oh Excuse I ? I be not clear -- isaac here we go again -- abraham we will grasp the foreskin of we penise and cut therefrom the extra flesh . zed ( aghast ) I be not sure I have any extra . oh could not we could just get we ear pierce ? isaac ( aside to Zed ) okay , what do I tell you -- nut ? zed you know , abe , it 's late , and we have all have a lot to drink , and I know this whole foreskin thing sound like a good idea now , but you may just want to sleep on it . we could always cut them off in the morning , but if we do it now , there 's just no put it back on later . abraham no . so it shall be write , so it shall be do . ( to Isaac ) get my big knife . Zed and oh both reflexively cover they crotch . CUT to : official white 61 . 37 ext . the desert - night 37 Zed and oh stumble over the rocky hill . they hear a pained scream from someone be circumcise back at abraham 's camp . oh you have any idea where we be go ? zed to the city . I have to find Maya . oh the city ! he say God 's go to smite they with holy fire ! zed and you be go to listen to he ? you think he 's more choose than I ? oh he seem to know what he be talk about . zed yes , and he also want to give he dick a little trim . voice ( o.c. ) hey , wait up ! Zed and oh turn to see Isaac run towards they . isaac ( out of breath ) I be come with you . zed you do not even know where we be go . isaac you be go to sodom , right ? zed no. you dad specifically say sodom and gomorrah be evil . isaac yeah , whatever . if I show you how to get there , will you buy I a bottle of wine ? official White 62 . zed no ! I tell you , that 's not where we be go . isaac Fine . then we will just stand here . zed Fine . they stand there for less than a beat . zed ( cont would ) okay , you win . take we to sodom . Isaac take a couple of step to the top of a rise and point off in the distance . there Pov shine in the moonlight , the magnificent city of sodom set atop a broad hill surround by high wall . zed I know it be right around here . isaac I and my friend sneak in on the weekend . we hang around , pick up on the babe , drink some wine , get waste on killer hash -- zed you should not be smoking either . isaac thanks , grandpa , but I have be smoking for four harvest , so I think I be okay . they start down toward the city . CUT to : 38 ext . CITY gate - night 38 Zed , oh and Isaac gape at the high masonry wall as they approach the massive solid wooden gate . official White 63. oh gee , they be not open . we should probably come back later . isaac you just have to knock . they always let I in . ( to oh ) go ahead . oh I ? why do I have to knock ? what if we be waking somebody up ? let 's just get out of here . zed where ? back to the penis-cutter ? besides , eema and Maya might be in there . you want to get they out before the city 's destroy , do not you ? Isaac impatiently grab a big rock and start bang on the door . isaac ( shout ) hey ! anybody there ? hello ? suddenly Zed and oh be yank off they foot from behind and slam into the wall by helmete sentries . Isaac quickly run away . sentry ( shout at he ) halt ! Isaac stop a safe distance away and turn back to taunt the guard . isaac you gonna make I ? ( dance and dodging like a boxer ) you and what army ? zed ( shout to Isaac ) get help ! tell you father ! isaac ( shout back ) yeah ! ( more ) official White 64 . isaac ( cont would ) like I be really gonna tell my father I come with you to sodom . so long , sucker ! he take off run . zed ( to oh ) I kinda get why he dad want to kill he . the sentries drag they through a small door cut into a corner of the city gate . CUT to : 39 int . gatehouse - continuous 39 the sentries shove they into a small guard post and throw they up against the wall . three other guard look up at the new arrival . first guard what 's this now ? sentry they be bang on the gate . Hebrew , from the look of they . zed we be not really Hebrew -- the guard smack he in the mouth . zed ( cont would ) okay . lesson learn . no talk . sentry should we wake the sergeant ? first guard you do not want to do that . he get pretty mean when you wake he . oh meaner than this ? the sentry grab oh 's nipple and twist . oh scream loudly . the guard freeze at the sound of he scream and look nervously to a close door at one end of the room . official White 65 . sergeant ( from behind the door , roar ) bloody hell ! what' go on out there ! Zed and oh exchange worried look . then the door fly open and the sergeant , a huge , angry , sadistic rhino of a man , fill the door frame . sergeant ( cont would ) who the hell scream ? they all point at oh. sergeant ( cont would ) ( glower at he ) I think it be a woman . he lumber over and get he face very close to oh 's . sergeant ( cont would ) you do not look like a woman , but maybe you want to kiss I anyway . be that right ? you want to kiss I ? oh turn away from he foul breath . the sergeant grab oh by the throat and practically lift he off the ground . sergeant ( cont would ) by morning you will be sorry you be bear . oh do not have to wait ' till morning . zed hey ! why do not you pick on someone you own size ? the sergeant drop oh and turn to Zed. zed ( cont would ) ( quickly backpedal ) which would be difficult since there be probably very few people around who actually be you size -- he smack Zed hard on the side of the head . official White 66 . sergeant ( to another guard ) get my big stick . I will deal with the fat one first . zed ( insult ) relatively fat one . I would not be talk about fat , if I be you . another blow from the sergeant . zed ( cont would ) right . enough say . the sergeant rip open Zed 's shirt expose he back , then step up behind oh and do the same . a guard hand he a lethal - look bat studd with sharp spike . sergeant ( to Zed and oh ) welcome to sodom . as he take a big backsw , Zed and oh shut they eye and prepare for the worst . voice ( o.c. ) stop ! Zed and oh turn to see cain at the door , dress like the other guard in breastplate and helmet . cain wait ! I know this guy ! zed and oh cain ? cain Brothers !! he embrace they . they look confuse and doubtful , but relieved . CUT to : 40 ext . CITY STREET - night - later 40 cain lead they through the narrow crowded street . people avoid cain 's gaze and part like the Red Sea to allow he through . official White 67 . cain you know , you guy be lucky that sergeant be a friend of mine . I let he sodomize I once right after I get here and he 's be real nice to I ever since . oh ( sarcastic ) yeah , thanks for save we . what be you go to do to we now ? cain stop and look at they . cain wait a second . do I detect a tone here ? zed all right , honestly ? you do sell we into slavery . cain ( instantly offended ) whoa whoa whoa ! hold a grudge much ? that be like a fortnight ago . zed that be way less than a fortnight . half a fortnight , maybe . cain give I a break ! I be deal with the death of a close family member and I need some space . but now I realize that you guy be like my brother . and it 's so rare to find a brother that you love . right ? he embrace they . zed and oh ( uneasily ) right . cain ( exuberant ) now , you guy hungry ? watch this . cain walk up to a food vendor 's stall and stare menacingly at the vendor . he raise he fist . the vendor cower . official White 68 . cain ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ( to vendor ) that 's two for flinching . cain grab two lamb kebab and hand they to Zed and oh. cain ( cont would ) that 's the kind of love I be talkin ' about . as they eat hungrily , Zed make eye contact with a prostitute loung in a doorway . zed check out that woman across the street ! she 's look at we . the prostitute smile at they as she sensuously peel a banana , then slide the whole thing unbroken into she mouth . oh we be so in ! she 's eye-knowing we like crazy . cain you be gonna love sodom . trust I . it 's crazy . this morning , I almost get a handie behind that pita stand . oh well , I kind of have a girlfriend -- not a girlfriend , yet , but a girl I like , so I should not -- cain hey , what happen in sodom , stay in sodom . he take a jug of wine from the stall of a wine merchant . the merchant just bow obsequiously and keep he mouth shut . cain ( cont would ) you know , if you guy be stay you should join the guard . the pay 's not great , but there 's ton of perk . I be tell you , it 's the only way to go . cain grab a piece of candy from a SMALL child and stuff it in he mouth . the child start cry , cain kick she in the ass and she run away . official White 69 . oh ( to the child ) sorry . cain come on , I will introduce you to the captain . CUT to : 41 ext . barracks - next morning 41 a military drum roll and the blare of trumpet rouse the garrison . guardsmen come double - timing out of the barrack and hurry to line up in formation . last to emerge be Zed and oh who step leisurely out the door now dress as Royal Guards . Zed actually look dash , but oh 's breastplate be too big and he helmet keep slip down over he eye . zed this be great ! how do I look ? oh you look good , but I think my hat 's too big . they notice a officer stare at they . oh ( cont would ) ( to the officer ) do you happen to know where I could get a smaller hat ? the officer pop he on the head with a truncheon . officer ( roar ) line up ! Zed and oh hustle into line , order be shout and the troop march off . dissolve to : 42 ext . CITY street - later 42 Zed and oh be on patrol with cain in the heart of the city . official White 70 . zed so be this it ? we just walk around ? cain pretty much . we just look for troublemaker and kick the live shit out of them . zed what kind of trouble ? cain if we see a thief or a pickpocket , we just slap he around -- maybe cut off a finger or a ear , or the tip of he nose , lower lip -- anything you can just grab and slice in one fluid motion -- then we take we share of the loot and let he go . mostly what we worry about be activist type , rabble rouser , get people all rile up against the King or the Temple Priests . that 's death for sure . zed pretty harsh , be not it ? cain harsh time , brother . we be in the middle of a famine . people be starve . if we do not get some rain soon , it could get ugly . ( look forward to it ) then we will get to start kick ass big time . he stop to flog a beggar with he hand out . cain ( cont would ) beat it , you filthy beggar ! oh you can not blame people for be hungry . cain yeah , well , just remember , it 's the palace that pay you , not the people . official White 71 . suddenly , they hear a regal fanfare of approach trumpet and turn to look . at the sound of the trumpet everyone in the crowded square fall to the ground and prostrate himself . cain pull oh to the ground but Zed be leave stand there oblivious as the royal entourage approach . oh tap on Zed 's leg try to get he attention , but Zed just ignore it , too transfix to notice that he 's the only one stand . EIGHT strong male slave enter the square carry a ornately decorate litter shade with a silk canopy . on it be the princess inanna , a stun young woman , richly dress and bejewel , with exotic eye and luscious red lip . a handmaiden ride along fan she with a big ostrich plume fan . Zed see the princess and be instantly take with she beauty . princess inanna glance he way and can not help but notice he 's the only person in the square still stand . she give he a quizzical smile , then turn away imperiously . as the litter pass , she handmaiden continue to stare at Zed . he do not recognize she , but we do . it 's Maya , now elaborately costume and make -up . Zed gawk at the princess , then suddenly a royal guard knock he to the ground and stand on he neck as the rest of the entourage pass . zed ( on the ground , excitedly to oh ) do you see that girl ? I think she like I ! she look right at I . oh gee , I wonder why ? the royal guard take he foot off Zed 's neck and they all get back to they foot . zed who be she ? cain the princess inanna . she 's totally hot , but do not even think about it . official White 72 . zed why not ? cain because she 's royalty and you be scum ? the entire crowd start move in the same direction as the royal entourage . oh where 's everybody go ? cain to the temple . let 's go. ( start walk ) you have to see this . zed ( following ) will she be there ? cain everybody will be there . CUT to : 43 ext . temple square - minute later 43 at the center of the square be a magnificent temple adorn with elaborate carving and monumental statue of pagan god . before it be a great altar in front of a huge stone idol . the idol 's mouth be a gape fiery furnace . behind the temple , be a tower ziggurat still under construction . a hundre trumpeter and drummer blast a solemn fanfare as ornately garbed priest ceremoniously climb the stair to the altar . zed and oh stare at the spectacle . 44 the royal pavilion 44 the princess inanna take she seat near the king , the queen , the minister and other nobles . Maya stand behind the princess and continue fan she . Zed spot the princess on the pavilion . official white 73. zed hey , there she be ! he start edging toward the royal pavilion . 45 45 the pavilion under a broad awning , the King and Queen snack from a table cover with platter of exotic fruit and sweetmeat . the King , a impose man with shakespearean gravity , wipe he mouth and glance at the princess inanna . king the princess be not eat ? inanna I find it hard to eat when so many be hungry . king ( as if ) you concern be enviable . inanna ( pouty ) and besides , I be so fat . the Queen , 40' , still beautiful , react . queen ( for the hundredth time ) you be not fat -- inanna yes , I be , mother ! that new linen pants you get I from Egypt make my ass look just huge . queen well , you can not keep starve yourself . inanna why not ? everybody else be starve -- present company exclude . official White 74 . king careful , princess . you may be my step - daughter , but this be dangerous time and that be dangerous word . I weep for the suffer of my people , but the spirit of rebellion be alive in the city and if necessary I will crush it with every mean at my disposal . inanna ( sarcastic ) for the good of the people . king ( warning she ) for the good of everyone who enjoy the favor of the throne . inanna whatever . I be just so incredibly bored . 46 the temple door 46 the fanfare climax as the great temple door slowly open and the high priest emerge follow by a retinue of priestess and a dozen vestal virgins . they walk in solemn silence to ritual position around the altar . the High Priest be even more elaborately costume than the noble , ridiculously so , stand very tall on high platform shoe , with heavy eye makeup , he hair and beard even oilier than the other . he turn to the altar , raise he hand to the heaven and begin he invocation . high priest ( intone pompously ) o El , lord of Heaven and Earth ; baal , the sublime ; shapash , goddess of the sun ; hadad , the storm god , over-rule son of dagon , the bountiful , god of grain , we earthly sustenance -- zed he make he way to a position just below the royal pavilion and stare up at the princess inanna . she see he look at she but pretend not to notice . official white 75 . inanna be not that the idiot who be stand up in the street ? Maya see he , too , and start fume . the High Priest continue . high priest we come before you in humble supplication , invoke you bless , the sweet rain which water we field , enriches the harvest , fill we storehouse , make mighty the house of ish-ka- bi - baal and the city of sodom -- the King nod graciously . high priest ( cont would ) -- and feed we , you child , with the bounty of you grace . princess inanna she glance at Zed again , but this time a slight smile cross she lip . Zed grin back at she . the princess whisper something to she handmaiden Maya and subtly point Zed out to she . Maya nod obediently , glaring at Zed , and start fan the princess a little too vigorously . the altar high priest accept now this humble sacrifice to the power and glory of you magnificence . he start inspect the vestal virgin , beautiful young woman in diaphanous , almost transparent white gowns . zed and oh have no idea what 's go on . Zed turn to the guy next to he . official White 76 . zed what 's happen ? guy he 's pick a virgin . cain ( lascivious ) oh yeah . uh huh . uh huh . at the altar the High Priest be move down the line of beautiful young maiden . he come to one slutty girl who seem so obviously not a virgin , he do a double take and kick she out of the line . zed and oh watch curiously . zed what do they want a virgin for ? guy to throw into the fire . zed ( shocked ) why ? guy ( like talk to a idiot ) offer to the god . there 's a famine go on . if we do not make a good sacrifice , it will not rain . no rain , no harvest . no harvest , no food . get it ? cain it 's pretty self - explanatory . oh you throw the virgin in the fire so it will rain ? guy duh . zed seem like a waste of a perfectly good virgin to I . official white 77 . oh ( concerned ) this virgin -- it 's always a girl , right ? at the altar a great cheer go up as a girl be choose . she swoon as the priestess slip off she vestment and two priest escort she to the fiery mouth of the furnace . high priest for the love of the god and the glory of they creation , the great dome of Heaven , the green grow Earth , we commit this maiden to you Holy Fire . another great cheer from the crowd as they throw she into the fire . zed ( appalled ) this be just crazy . Maya approach they but Zed and oh still do not recognize she . maya ( eye downcast ) the princess wish to see you . cain ( stare at she cleavage ) her wish be my command . maya not you . him. ( point at Zed ) zed me? cool. ( then , motion to oh ) we be kind of a package deal . can he come with ? cain the three of we be inseparable . we be like brother . cain squeeze both they shoulder and give Maya a artificial smile . official White 78 . Maya ignore cain and point to Zed and oh . maya the two of you follow I . zed ( to cain ) I will try to put in a good word for you . cain fume as Zed and oh head off with Maya . CUT to : 47 47 ext . palace - later a squad of sentries stand guard at the massive iron palace gate . a crowd of beggar be press against the gate plead for food . Zed and oh approach lead by Maya . the guard brutally push the beggar aside and they enter . 48 48 int . palace - courtyard -- continuous Maya lead Zed and oh through the gate and into a beautiful atrium where they be meet by a fat bald eunuch wear the royal livery . maya ( to oh ) this be Zaftig the eunuch . you go with he . oh be lead away by the eunuch as she take Zed off in the opposite direction . oh can not I go with he ? eunuch why ? be he you lover ? oh ( laugh at the think ) hah ! no ? that would be weird . lover -- the eunuch just shrug , apparently not that weird to he . oh ( cont would ) ( covering ) so what do you do ? official White 79 . eunuch I serve the royal family -- little of this , little of that . I have be a palace eunuch since I be nine year old . oh you have be live here since you be nine ? ( look around , impressed ) I should look into that . how do you get to be a eunuch ? eunuch ( matter-of -fact ) they cut off you testicles . oh ( horrified ) what ?! what 's up with all the genital mutilation ? eunuch ( shrug ) trust I , after a while you do not even miss they . oh ( emphatic ) no , I would miss they -- I be sure . I hardly get to use they yet . the eunuch lead he down the corridor . CUT to : 49 a sheep' heart , liver and gut 49 land with a wet splat on a polished marble table . int . palace throne room - same time the High Priest , a extremely vain , officious , and fussy man , still over - dress in sacramental drag , push back he sleeve and start examine the entrail as the King and he minister look on , deeply concerned . king six sacrifice in the last ten day and still no rain . what do the entrail predict ? official White 80 . high priest ( nervously poke at the sheep heart ) well , the liver be streak with gray -- that 's not a favorable sign -- but the heart look good . see how nice and red it be here . that 's always a good omen . king what do it mean ? high priest usually it mean that the sheep take very good care of itself , probably stick to a high - fiber diet of grass and hay . king what do it mean for we ? high priest well , it could mean either a surprise visit from a former friend or sweetheart -- or that you be go on a long sea voyage ! would not that be fun ? king ( scornful ) how do you become High Priest ? high priest because I be you brother ? prime minister perhaps it 's time for a new High Priest . high priest ( he eye go wide ) perhaps it 's not time for a new High Priest . aaaahh ! he dramatically fling he finger out at the Prime Minister , as if wield the power of the god . nothing happen . high priest ( cont would ) and let that be a warning to you . next time , I will hurl a lightning bolt at you face . ( more ) official White 81 . high priest ( cont would ) ( consider ) or a fire -ball . prime minister ( ignore he ) majesty , there 's talk of revolution in the street . grain and oil be scarce , price be high , starve peasant be pour into the city look for food -- king Poverty have a bitter taste , but it 's the flavor they be bear to . it 's the will of the god . the Queen and princess inanna be loung on cushion divan , listen . inanna ( blase ) can the god really be so cruel ? queen I do not think that 's cruel . it 's just practical . if everybody be rich , who would wait on we ? Maya approach and whisper something to the princess . inanna good . see that he 's bath and dress , then bring he to I . Maya frown and exit . inanna ( cont would ) ( to the queen ) this should be amusing . CUT to : 50 int . palace corridor - later 50 Maya lead Zed down a grand hallway . Zed be now wear a long flow robe of silk brocade , fine sandal , and jewelry . his hair have be comb and pull back into a loose ponytail . he stop to admire himself in a mirror . zed what do you think , ponytail or no ponytail ? you know what ? ( more ) official White 82 . zed ( cont would ) I will start with the ponytail , see where the night take I . Maya roll she eye and lead Zed to the entrance of the great Hall . cain and another guard be post at the door . zed ( cont would ) hey , you make it ! what 's it like inside ? cain ( pointed ) I would not know . - I be just a guard because my " brother " do not pull any string with he friend in the royal court . zed look , first of all , we be not actually brother --- cain just like abel . I oughta just bash you head in -- zed hey ! you do not let I finish . as soon as I get in there I be go to talk to somebody and get you invite , okay ? cain ( unconvinced ) yeah , sure . have a nice orgy . cain pull open the big door and Zed step through the portal . cain try to steal peek inside as the heavy door slam shut . CUT to : 51 zed' Pov 51 a full - scale orgy be go on in a magnificent hall . as Maya lead he into the room , Zed pull he hair out of the ponytail . zed feel like a hair-down kinda scene , do not you think ? official White 83. maya as you wish . ( pointedly ) be sure to try the fruit . Zed look at she and finally recognize she . zed Maya ?! what be you do here ? maya I have no choice . I be a slave , remember ? zed I be go to rescue you ! really ! in fact , we come here to find you . maya ( not buy it ) wait here until you be send for . zed this be not my idea , you know . maya of course not . you be just choose again . maybe after you and the princess get together you can start think about someone beside yourself . she walk off before he can answer . Zed shake he head , look around the room , then start walk past a row of " live statue , " semi-nude man and woman on pedestal cover head to toe in gold body paint , freeze in heroic posture that show off they beautiful body . Zed look closely at one beautiful nude " goddess " , then furtively reach out and fondle she breast . the goddess slap he hand , then resume she pose . goddess watch it , jerk ! zed hey ! you be a real girl ! that be so cool . official White 84 . he move down the row of live sculpture , mugging at they , mock humping , and wave he hand in they face try to make they move , but they remain freeze . zed ( cont would ) amazing ! he come to the last statue and do a double- take . this one be wear only a skimpy cloth diaper and be pose like someone wait for a bus . he be also paint gold , but unlike the other , he have a little potbelly and round shoulder , and can not seem to hold still for very long , shifting he weight uncomfortably and look around in obvious embarrassment . zed ( cont would ) ( recognize he ) oh ? oh look down from he pedestal . oh ( through clench tooth ) I be not suppose to talk . I be a statue . zed yeah , you look so -- gold . how 's it go ? oh how 's it go ? I just have my whole body paint by a fat guy with no ball , and believe I , he be very thorough , if you know what I mean . how 's it go with you ? zed not bad . have a little rub and a scrub , now I be up for some grub . oh that sound nice -- for you . zed hey ! you will never guess who 's here - - Maya ! she 's work here -- and she look great ! but she 's kinda mad at I . oh scan the great hall look for she and spot Zed 's sister eema , he crush , come into the room carry a tray of food . official White 85 . oh there 's eema ! eema have be beautifully groom and be now dress as a household slave . she stop to serve some rowdy officer who take the opportunity to tease and fondle she . she try to pull away but sargon , the general , grab she arm . sargon stand still , wench ! I want to see what 's under that skirt . as he start to lift she hem , she drop the whole tray of food on he . his cohort laugh . eema I be sorry ! it be a accident . sargon that be no accident ! sargon grab she and raise he hand to hit she . Zed step in quickly . zed you ! slave girl ! ( he pull she away from sargon ) I tell you to fetch I more wine ! apologize to this officer - -- now ! eema I be sorry . zed now go -- fetch ! wait by that -- skinny statue . I will deal with you later . as eema exit , Zed turn to the officer and shrug . zed ( cont would ) slave -- what be you gonna do ? sargon try use a hot poker . that they understand . zed ouch . helpful hint . I will keep that in mind . official White 86 . Zed bow , then leave he and join eema who be wait at oh 's pedestal . Zed ( cont would ) what be you do here ? eema we be sell to the palace . but I will not serve this people ! I would rather die ! zed keep that up and you will . eema what be you do here ? ( notice he clothes ) have you join they ? oh I have not join anything . ( be the gold body paint ) do this look like fun ? they both look accusingly at Zed . zed okay , I know what you be think , but I be just check it out . we keep hearing that this place be so evil , but now that I look around I be think maybe it 's not all bad . there 's a lot to learn here . oh what ? like human sacrifice ? zed no ! like the wheel , for instance ! that 's pretty awesome -- the way it just go around in a circle . and farming ! and metal -- write , money , pottery -- hot bath . come on ! back in the village we think sharpen a stick be a big breakthrough . eema ( to oh ) what happen to he ? official White 87 . zed look , I think I have be choose to do something great with my life -- oh here we go again -- zed -- and I do not think it 's hunt wild pig and weaving basket . Maya return for Zed . maya ( coolly ) she want to see you -- now . zed I hope you do not think I be interested in she . maya ( miffed ) why would I think that ? just because you could not take you eye off she -- zed I be just use she , Maya ! it 's part of my plan . I be go to get you all out of here as soon as I can . maya ( skeptical ) what 's you plan ? zed ( not a clue ) it 's a secret . maya ( not buy it ) forget it . Maya see a guard watch they and revert to she slave attitude . maya ( cont would ) ( bow to Zed ) the princess await you . official White 88. zed and I await she . ( to oh and eema ) you two await I . ( then confidentially to eema and oh ) stay out of trouble . I will be back . he exit with Maya . eema he have no idea what he 's do , do he ? oh I do not know . so much have happen . sometimes I think -- she walk away . oh ( cont would ) ( wistfully , to himself ) I love you . 52 the high priest 52 loung on a divan surround by young men . oh walk by still paint gold . high priest ( to oh ) you there ! Golden boy ! rub I with oil . the High Priest dismiss the young man , then stand and let he rich outer robe fall to the floor . his chest , back and shoulder be incredibly hairy . oh I would rather not , if you do not mind . I be not really a slave . I be a guard . high priest then maybe you would rather I speak to you commander and have you whipped to within a inch of you life . or perhaps I whip you myself ? how would you like that ? oh be that my choice ? official White 89 . high priest I would say so . the High Priest lie back down . oh look around , find a pitcher fill with precious oil and dribble some on the High Priest 's hairy chest . oh how 's that ? high priest more . oh ( splashes a few more drop on he ) that enough ? high priest ( get angry ) no! more oil ! much more , you insolent dolt ! oh pour oil liberally over he chest , back , and shoulder . high priest ( cont would ) that 's good . now rub it in . oh ( appalled ) with my hand ? high priest do it ! oh grimace and start gingerly massage the oil into he hairy chest and shoulder . high priest ( cont would ) ( in ecstasy ) mmmmm , I love it . the sweet scent of precious oil . the oily -- oiliness . eema walk by with a pitcher of wine and see oh massage the High Priest . she gasp . oh ( embarrassed ) eema ! this be not what you think . official White 90 . eema ( flustered ) no , it 's fine . I understand . this really explain a lot about you that I do not get before . oh no , really ! I be just -- rub oil on this man . she exit . high priest mnum imam . I have a idea . why do not we go back to my place and see what 's under all that paint ? oh ( disgust ) ughh . CUT to : 53 int . princess's chamber - night - minute later 53 Maya usher Zed into the dimly light room . maya good luck . zed maya -- she leave he . a haze of heavily scent incense hang in the air . inanna ( o.s. ) come to I . Zed turn and see the princess stand on the terrace . 54 ext . garden terrace - night - continuous 54 Zed step out onto the moonlit terrace . he cross to the balustrade and stand beside the princess , gaze out over the twinkle cityscape . inanna beautiful , be not it ? you can see gomorrah just over the hill . official White 91 . zed I do not know it be so close . inanna they be call the " twin city . " zed look pretty from up here , but some people think God be go to wipe they out because they be so evil . inanna ( toy with he ) and what do you think ? be I evil ? zed I do not really know you . but you do not look evil . princess do you find I attractive ? zed well , yeah . I think you be -- incredible . inanna ( move closer ) I have body issue . zed no , you be perfect . you face , you hair -- ( look into she eye ) you eye be like the sea . inanna ( a beat ) my eye be brown . zed well , it 's kinda dark . I take a shot . I know they be big , though -- and wet -- she pull he close . zed ( cont would ) can I ask you one thing ? what would a girl like you want with a guy like I ? official white 92 . inanna I do not know . I just find you -- interesting . they say it 's the will of the god that some man should suffer while other rule -- that we be all just victim of we fate . and I believe that until this morning when I see you stand up , alone , in the square . and I say to myself , finally here 's one man who refuse to bow down to anything -- zed uh -- ( consider explain but just let it go ) yeah . that 's I . inanna yes , finally a man who have the courage to question the order of thing --- a man choose by the god to do something great . zed ( exhilarated ) that 's exactly what I have be think ! you would not believe the thing that have be happen to I lately . I just do not know why . inanna ( get very , very close ) I know why . to bring you here -- to this place -- to I . zed ( smitten ) I could not agree more . I be try to agree more , but I can not . that 's how much I agree . inanna come . she take he hand and lead he away . a shadowy figure watch they from behind a curtain . CUT to : official White 93. 55 55 ext . the temple - night we can see torchlight flicker inside the temple and two figure move among the pillar . 56 int . the temple - same time 56 the High Priest be give oh a personal tour of the inner sanctum . oh be scrubbed and dress like a junior priest . high priest my life be devote to the service of the god and the good of the people . I take nothing for myself . he have a huge gold ring set with precious gem on every finger , and a gold tiara on he head studd with ruby and emerald . oh that 's so -- unselfish of you . high priest yes , it be . it 's just so -- lonely . sometimes i hunger for the touch of another human be . ( coy ) here 's a riddle : what have two thumb and want another oil rub ? ( point thumb at himself ) this -guy . ohquickly change the subject . oh so where do that hall lead to ? high priest ( he eye light up ) come , I will show you . he take oh 's arm and lead he down the hail toward a set of incredibly impressive door cover with cuneiform write and arcane religious symbol . high priest ( cont would ) behind that door be the Holy of holy -- the earthly domain of the ( more ) 94 . official White high priest ( cont would ) god -- a place so ineffably sacred , so powerful , that to enter be instant death for any mortal . oh wow. ( a long beat ) so who clean it ? high priest it need no clean . oh no , of course not . ( can not let go of it ) kind of make you wonder though -- the guy who build it , do they just die the minute they finish , or do the god give they a second to get out ? high priest ( start to get annoyed ) I assume they finish it , then the god descend . oh yeah , that 's probably it . ( another long beat ) so you be say we can not go in ? high priest I just tell you ! to enter be instant death ! only I can go in and only once a year after very elaborate purification ritual and day of special prayer and offering . oh ( quickly ) right , right , right . ( beat ) what if we just open the door and stick we head in ? high priest Fine ! enough ! I be sorry I bring it up . let 's go . ( push oh along ) move. move . he shoos he down the hall . official White 95 . 57 57 int . temple - moment later Zed and princess inanna stealthily enter the temple . zed ( look around nervously ) what be we do here ? inanna I want you to enter the Holy of holy . zed yes ! finally . now you be talk ! should I enter it right here or should we go back to you bedroom ? do the Holy of holy like to be enter from behind or --? inanna ( point ) that 's the Holy of holy - - you have to go in there and talk to the god . zed the god be in there ? inanna so they say , but the only one who ever go in be the High Priest . they say it 's instant death for anyone else to enter . zed then why be I go in ? inanna ( impatient ) because you be choose ? if the god want you dead they would have kill you already . zed right -- inanna this be what you have be choose for ! to speak to the god and plead with they not to destroy the city . then come back out and tell I what it 's like inside . official White 96 . zed ( mull it over ) right -- right . then again , if the rule say -- inanna do you always follow the rule ? zed what be it with chick always want guy to break the rule ? you - all have this bad boy complex ---- she kiss he fiercely on the lip . inanna do this for I . zed I be go in . he enter the Holy of holy . a figure dart between the column and hide in the shadow . a beam of moonlight reveal the mark of cain on he forehead . CUT to : 58 int . holy of holie - continuous 58 Zed step into the chamber and immediately prostrate himself , face down on the floor , arm outstretch in supplication . he lie there with he eye tightly shut , expect to be vaporize any second . a long moment pass in total silence . then he open he eye and look around tentatively . the inner chamber of the Holy of holy be a bare room with marble wall light only by shaft of moonlight from skylight above . zed ( take a deep breath and start improvise ) thank you , o -- merciful one , for - - not like -- kill I , and let I receive the , uh , bless of you holy -- godliness . he exhales and close he eye again , wait for some divine response . nothing come . official White 97 . zed ( cont would ) ( prop himself up on he elbow ) okay , I do not know the right word -- so I be just go to say what I have to say -- if that 's all right . ( wait for a response , get none , proceed ) I know I have not always do the right thing . eat the fruit be bad , I know that -- and the cain thing -- and I have do somethings with woman -- I do love the lady -- well , you probably know all that because you be watch everything -- ( a think occur ) do you really watch everything ? that 's get to be a little disgusting sometimes -- but probably pretty hot , too -- ( quickly ) not that you would get off on any of it -- okay , I be get off the subject . anyway , the word be you have be consider destroy this place . so I be ask you not to -- as a personal favor . ( nothing ) feel free to jump in anytime . I could use a little guidance here . still no response . he roll over onto he back . zed ( cont would ) look , I know you think this place be evil and it kinda be -- I see that -- but that 's not everybody . there be a lot of good people , too . so what if there be , like , fifty really good people ? would you still destroy the city ? ( silence ) okay , you be right , that may be a reach . how about twenty ? I could probably get you twenty extremely good people if I really look around . ( silence ) how about five ? five awesome people -- include myself . I personally know at least five people worth save . do that sound good ? ( more ) official White 98 . zed ( cont would ) ( nothing ) hello ? a little help ? be I get warm here ? okay , be it I ? be you punish I for stuff I do ? ( a insight ) or set I up for what I need to do . or both ! or neither ? ( nothing ) could you give I some kind of a sign -- please -- anything ? Zed listen but hear only a profound silence . then a revelation . he sit up on the floor . zed ( cont would ) okay , wait . be that the sign ? the silence ? be that it ? ( wait for confirmation ) it be , be not it ! just this really silent -- silence . ( pondering ) you be not go to tell I what to do ; it 's up to I to decide what 's right and what 's wrong -- right ? be that it ? you be not go to speak to I -- you be go to speak through I ? if that 's right , do not say anything . ( listen for a beat ) okay , I read you loud and clear . thank you . ( a afterthought ) oh , and if thing do not work out with Maya would it be okay with you if I and the princess have a little " carnal knowledge " ? not in a evil way or anything -- ( he listen ; silence ) okay ! you be right , probably not a good idea . thank you . he back out of the Holy of holy , bow all the way . CUT to : 59 59 int . the temple - continuous the door to the Holy of holy open and Zed come back out , still bow and mutter . then he turn and he face fall . official White 99 . the High Priest , the King , the Queen , and a dozen Temple acolyte be stare at he in amazement . oh stand beside the High Priest dress just like he . zed I be just look for the bathroom . inanna ( innocently ) I tell he not to go in . high priest ( shriek ) seize they ! oh ( scared , point at Zed ) seize he ! the guard arrest oh as cain step up and take hold of Zed . cain ( smirking ) should have invite I to the party . CUT to : 60 60 int . dungeon - middle of the night in the dim torchlight , we see Zed hang spread - eagle five foot off the ground , he arm and leg stretch out wide and tightly bound to iron ring imbed in the stone . oh be shackle to the wall beside he , hang upside down . they hear the faint scream of a man be torture somewhere deep in the prison . zed I wish I be upside down . look fun . oh will not talk to he . zed ( cont would ) so this be it ? we be not friend anymore ? after all I have do for you ? official White 100 . oh what have you do for I ? I have be attack by a cougar , I have fall down a mountain , I almost have the tip of my thingy cut off , I have be grease up the High Priest all night , and now I be hang upside down in a dungeon . and I have to pee real bad . all because of you . you call yourself a friend ? name one good thing you have do for I . zed I have help you come out of you shell . oh ( in distress ) I really have to pee -- zed listen , I know I be not perfect , and I may have make a few wrong turn , but you have to understand -- I be a choose . that 's a lot of responsibility -- you can not even imagine . oh ( angry ) the only one who think you be choose be you , so shut up already ! zed ( stung ) okay , be mad , but I be go to get we out of here , if it 's the last thing I do . Zed start frantically yanking on he shackle to no avail . zed ( cont would ) that be just my first idea -- and I be also accept idea . oh ( shout ) Guard ! I have to pee ! now ! seriously ! ( can not hold it anymore ) oh , no -- official White 101 . because he 's upside down , the stream run down he stomach , over he chest , down he neck , onto he chin and over he face . oh ( cont would ) I hate you . CUT to : 61 61 ext . public square - early morning a curious , jeer mob be gather as Zed and oh , in shackle , be lead by a squad of guard to a raise platform in the middle of the square . the heavy pound of martial drum silence the crowd . cain preside over the execution . he address the crowd . cain for the crime of blasphemy -- ( the crowd grumble its disapproval ) heresy -- ( grumble , grumble ) conspiracy -- ( serious grumble ) sodomy -- ( admire ooh and aah ) and the murder of my brother abel -- zed oh , come on ! cain shut up ! for this and other crime they may not actually have do yet but we be pretty sure they be think about , the prisoner will be stone to death . the crowd roar as guard station around the square pull canvas cover off big basket of rock and the people rush to grab stone to throw . Zed and oh instinctively move closer to each other . palace balcony the King , Queen , High Priest and Royal minister observe the stone from they vantage point above the square . princess inanna refuse to look . official White 102 . king observe , my dear . it seem the least you could do , since it be you who lure he to he death . she reluctantly turn and look at Zed . inanna I do not intend for this to happen . the square the people move in and surround the platform on all side , baseball - size rock in they hand . cain ( to Zed and oh ) anything to say before the sentence be carry out ? zed ( to the crowd ) I just want to say this be really mess up -- cain okay -- ( shout ) stone they ! the people fling they rock with all they might . Zed and oh duck . the rock fly over they head and hit people in the crowd on the opposite side , several bystander take painful hit in the head , some fall down unconscious . cain note the impracticality of have people throw rock from all direction . cain ( cont would ) okay ! stop ! halt ! hold it ! this be not work . zed can I make a suggestion ? cain ( irked ) what ? official White 103 . zed why do not you just pick one person to throw ? the crowd think that 's not a bad idea and murmur agreement . zed ( cont would ) ( press the advantage ) in fact , do not you think it would be fair for we to get to pick the person who stone we ? cain look doubtful , but the crowd think this be eminently fair . crowd ( some eagerly raise they hand and wave like school child ) yes ! ooh , I ! pick I ! I ! on the balcony the King grab sargon . king ( be cain ) what be that idiot do ? in the square Zed spot a good candidate in the crowd . zed we pick he ! cain point at a big guy , heavily muscle , eagerly wave he hand . cain him ? zed no , next to he ! he point at a boy , about nine year old and not very big . cain he 's just a kid ! official White 104 . zed so ? you get something against kid ? Zed play the crowd which start boo in disapproval . zed ( cont would ) this guy hate kid ! crowd yeah ! what 's he get against kid ? Children be the future ! give the kid a shot ! the kid ! the kid ! on the balcony , the King shift uncomfortably , intimidate by the power of the mob . he nod to sargon who signal to cain . cain all right ! all right ! we will try it . kid ! grab a rock . the boy pick up a good-size rock . Zed turn to oh . zed good think , huh ? they turn to face the boy , ready to dodge when he throw . the boy wind up and fire a major league fastball that smack oh right on the forehead . the crowd cheer . zed ( cont would ) Holy shit ! that kid 's get a arm ! oh ( day ) I think he hit I . the boy fire again . oh spin and try to duck but take the rock right on the head . oh ( cont would ) hey ! there 's two of we ! the crowd cheer and pat the kid on the back . cain okay , everybody on this side now ! on the count of three ! one -- two -- official white 105 . zed wait ! I have a question for the King ! the crowd go silent . all eye turn and look up to the palace balcony . zed ( cont would ) ( shout to the King ) why do not I die in the Holy of holy ? on the balcony , everyone be totally stop by he question . one by one they all look to the High Priest who seem to be stump . in the square , the crowd start mutter . Zed seize the initiative . zed ( cont would ) I enter the Holy of holy and , lo , I do not die ! why ? because I be choose by the god ! people in the crowd he be choose ! he be the chosen one . the chosen one ! Zed give oh a look : " see ? I tell you . " the crowd ( start chant ) spare the chosen one ! spare the chosen one ! spare the chosen one ! oh and he friend ! do not forget he friend ! on the balcony , the King and he minister hastily confer with the High Priest . king could it be ? be he truly choose ? high priest I do not -- I suppose it 's possible - I would have to examine some new intestine -- king imbecile ! official White 106 . prime minister majesty , with respect , whether he 's choose or not be no longer the issue . to kill he now , give the public mood , could inflame the situation enough to prompt a radical " regime change , " if you take my meaning . the King look grimly at he minister , all of whom have lean and hungry look . princess inanna smile contemptuously at he . CUT to : 62 sargon 62 address the crowd in the square . sargon by order of the King , the sentence have be commute . the crowd cheer . Zed and oh exchange hopeful look . cain ( plaintive ) can not we just stone they a little ? sargon it be the judgement of we most merciful King that the prisoner be to be enslave to toil at hard labor until they die of exhaustion or starvation . zed ( exuberant fist pump ) yes ! CUT to : 63 ext . the ziggurat - day 63 oh be up to he knee in a mud pit , trample straw into the thick mud . a Guard crack a bullwhip which flick painfully across he shoulder . official white 107 . oh okay , you think that actually make anybody work harder ? it just make they resent you . be that what you want ? guard ( whip he again ) faster ! oh can I just ask when lunch be ? the whip lash out again . oh glower at he and step up the pace . 64 the brick yard 64 marlak and enmebaragesi be stack brick when zed approach . zed ( greet they ) hey ! boy ! Long time no see . they glance up , but ignore he . zed ( cont would ) do not tell I you be still mad about Maya . that 's so over . I have a thing go with the princess now -- well , almost have a thing . I be a slave now -- just like you . marlak no . you be not just like I . zed okay . we do have we difference -- like about a cup and half of brain tissue -- but that do not mean we can not work together . another guard approach and whacks marlak with he stick . guard # 2 take that brick to the top . the mason be wait . official white 108 . marlak and enmebaragesi glower at the guard as they pick up rope and harness themselves to a cart load with brick . guard # 2 ( cont would ) ( to Zed ) you ! help they ! he grab another rope harness off the cart and throw it to Zed . zed you know , I would like to , but I do something to my neck -- ( massage he neck ) I must have sleep on it funny -- that dungeon pillow be like rock -- well , they be rock -- so I should probably take it easy or I will be no damn good for work tomorrow . guard # 2 ( strike he across the back with he stick ) I say move ! zed okay ! but I should tell you , this be not really my area . I be just on a break from the mud department -- the Guard draw he short sword and raise it over Zed . guard # 2 one more word and you die -- zed ( put on the harness ) okay , okay . I be go . ( to marlak and enmebaragesi ) okay , boy , on the count of three . one -- two -- three ! marlak and enmebaragesi lunge against the rope , but Zed make no effort to pull . they glare at he . zed ( cont would ) learned that from Maya . good trick , huh ? okay , together this time . go ! official White 109 . they pull together and the heavy cart start to move . CUT to : 65 ext . top of the ziggurat - later 65 Zed , marlak and enmebaragesi haul the heavy cart of brick to the very top of the tower . two bricklayer be work on the wall . Zed lean against the wall next to they tb rest . zed how high you guy think we be go with this ? bricklayer one up to Heaven , I guess . that 's how tall they usually build them . zed ( look up ) that 's ambitious . bricklayer two we work on the Tower of babel . now that be a ziggurat . bricklayer one incredible erection . Zed look down at he crotch . zed ( modestly ) that 's nothing . you should see it when I be excited . bricklayer one the tower . zed oh , right , the tower . incredible erection . ( snicker to himself ) bricklayer one see , the egyptian be work on a entirely different concept . four side , slant wall , pointy top . official White 110 . bricklayer two like a pyramid ? bricklayer one exactly . bricklayer two wow . Far out . yet timeless in a way . a slave child approach with a water bucket . slave child ( to Zed ) want some water ? as the child offer he the ladle , Zed recognize she . zed you be from the village , be not you ? the child nod . zed ( cont would ) I bet you wish you be back there right now , do not you . the child nod again . zed ( cont would ) well , do not give up . you be go to get home someday . marlak kick Zed from behind , knock he over . marlak ( stand over he ) who 's go to take she there ? the chosen one ? marlak kick gravel and dirt in Zed 's face . Zed just lie there and take it , feel like he 's fail everyone . then he hear the beat of drum and trumpet fanfare come from the temple square below . CUT to : 66 ext . the mud pit - same time 66 oh and the other slave be mustere by the guard . official White 111 . guard get in line ! now ! move ! oh where be we go ? guard to watch the sacrifice . the King demand it . oh be that compulsory ? because I see one when I first get here and it make I a little sick -- the guard 's whip catch he across the back . oh ( cont would ) ow ! why do not you try use you word for a change ? CUT to : 67 ext . temple square - continuous 67 the square be fill up with people . the royal procession be move to the seat of honor to watch the sacrifice . cain be now among the Royal Guard have be promote for he treachery . he bow and help the Queen to she seat . cain ( leer seductively ) at you service , my lady . anytime , anywhere . queen ( flirtatious ) there 's a deprave think . you be so delightfully low . absolute filth . cain ( suavely ) thank you , you majesty . he touch he tongue to the tip of he nose and waggle he eyebrow . the King arrive with sargon to loud boo from the crowd . official White 112. king be they boo I ? how dare they ! cain you highness , with all due respect , that be " woos . " they love you . they be " woo " you . the King look doubtfully at the hostile crowd . sargon all be in readiness , majesty . inanna ( glare at the King ) what now ? more virgin to sacrifice ? king yes , two , follower of the chosen one , discover by this loyal soldier . cain bow to the King . cain just do my duty . king and one more to demonstrate we own faith and charity . the King stand and make a proclamation loud enough for everyone to hear . king ( cont would ) in supplication to the god , for the love of the people , we offer a humble sacrifice to the sacred temple fire -- we own step - daughter , the princess inanna ! the crowd gasp . king ( cont would ) ( to inanna ) for the good of the people . queen ( stand in protest ) you would not dare ! official white 113 . king would not I ? if you like , I could arrange for you to join she . the Queen slowly sit back down . king ( cont would ) ( to inanna ) how long do you think I would tolerate you insolence ? ( to sargon ) burn she . - sargon and cain seize inanna , but she shrug they off and rise with dignity . inanna I will see you all in Hell . CUT to : 68 the great stone idol 68 the flame be start to build inside the idol 's mouth . 69 ext . temple square - same time 69 oh and the slave be confine behind a barrier , watch by a squad of guard , wait for the ceremony to start . the temple door open slowly , and the High Priest appear hold a long jewell staff . oh turn to the edomite slave next to he . oh ( casually name - drop ) see the High Priest ? I know he . dear friend of mine . the temple now the procession of sacrificial virgins be lead out by the high priestess . Maya and eema be among they , they hand tie . they look like they have be drugge . oh spot eema and Maya among the virgin . official White 114 . oh ( panicked ) that 's eema ! and Maya ! I know they ! edomite slave ( sarcastic ) I guess you know everybody , do not you . oh shoulder he way right up to the barrier where a big guard stop he with a spear to he neck . big guard that 's far enough , slave . oh stop right there , frustrated and frighten . the temple inanna be lead out last , now also have be drugge . 70 top of the ziggurat 70 Zed , marlak and the sharp - eye enmebaragesi look down , try to see what 's go on . enmebaragesi they be bring out the woman . zed ( amazed ) how be you see that far ? enmebaragesi I see you sister , eema -- top of the ziggurat zed ( squinting ) it 's Maya ! CUT to : 71 the temple 71 the drum and trumpet kick up the tempo and the High Priest start lead the virgin to the idol 's fiery mouth . oh push against the barrier , restrain by the guard . official White 115 . oh we have to do something ! somebody have to stop it . ( turn to the other slave ) we can not let they do this ! the slave start to mutter . the guard draw they sword and heft they spear , now on high alert . CUT to : 72 top of the ziggurat 72 Zed look around desperately , try to figure out what to do . zed ( to marlak ) I have to get down there . guard # 2 ( snort ) over my dead body . marlak all right . without a moment 's hesitation , marlak grab he and toss he off the top of the ziggurat . he scream all the way down . zed wow . who see that come ? thanks , marlak . marlak now what ? Zed look around quickly , grab the end of a long coiled rope attach to a big pulley , and hand marlak the other end . zed ( looping the rope around he waist ) lower I down . without wait for a response , Zed bravely jump off the top of the ziggurat hold the rope . official White 116 . marlak look at the rope in he hand , pull it a little and see that it 's not attach to the rope Zed be hold . CUT to : zed he 's descend rapidly , rappelling off the side of the ziggurat . he look up , expect marlak to belay he and slow he down . zed ( calling ) any time now , marlak ! marlak and enmebaragesi watch he descent , dumbly interested in what happen next . Zed see he 's not slow down and try to swing himself onto one of the upper level of the ziggurat . however , when he swing in , he hit a cart load with brick and bounce off painfully . the brick cart the sudden jolt dislodge the wheel chock that be hold the cart on the sloping ramp of the tower . the cart start to roll down the ramp , gather speed as it careen toward the edge . CUT to : 73 the high priest 73 he raise he staff and invoke the god . high priest we implore the great god of heaven to show we a sign that we may honor you divine will and be worthy of you bless . CUT to : official White 117 . 74 the ziggurat 74 the brick cart explode through the scaffold on the side of the ziggurat and sail into the air . CUT to : the royal enclosure everybody turn at the sound of the crash and look up at the ziggurat . CUT to : the brick pit the nasty guard who whipped oh earlier glance up and be instantly crush by a ton of fall brick . the ziggurat Zed be still descend as the break scaffold start to give way . temple square the whole crowd watch in amazement as the 250 foot scaffold slowly collapse and crash to the ground , bring ton of debris with it , send up a great cloud of dust . the high priest he look shocked . oh he seize the opportunity . oh a sign ! it 's a sign ! the chosen one come ! the other slave and people in the crowd pick up he excitement . official White 118. crowd the chosen one ! a sign from the god ! the high priest he do not quite know how to respond to the grow fervor of the crowd . high priest yes ! well and truly , the god be with we -- the crowd drown he out . 75 the base of the ziggurat 75 a guard be stand there stare at the rubble of the scaffold as Zed come scream down the side of the ziggurat and land right on top of he . Zed quickly strip the unconscious guard of he weapon , start to run off , stop , come back and grab the guard 's helmet , then take off run to the temple square . CUT to : 76 the altar 76 the High Priest be get frantic now . high priest burn they ! now ! he grab Maya and start drag she toward the gape mouth of the idol and the raging fire within . she struggle but be too drugge to put up much resistance . he grab the sacramental pitcher of oil and start sloppily anoint she . high priest ( cont would ) ( rushing ) May the balm of this heal oil soothe you journey through the sacred fire ! ( desperately ) do not fight it ! it 's the will of the god ! then , a voice from above . official White 119 . zed ( shout ) I do not think so ! Zed be stand atop the idol 's head , brandish a sword and shield . maya she see he and start to revive . maya Zed ! the high priest look up , unable to hear Zed over the crowd noise . high priest ( cupping he ear ) what do you say ? zed ( shout ) I say , ' I do not think so !' high priest ( shake he head ) still not get it . Zed roll he eye in frustration and start tentatively climb down from the top of the idol . he jump the last few foot and land right in front of the fire , block the High Priest 's way . zed I Said , ' I do not think so . ' high priest ( confuse ) you do not think what ? zed whatever that last thing you say be . high priest ( thinks ) I forget . ( shout ) Guards ! official White 120 . Guards rush toward Zed from all side , but he fight like a demon , slashing , spin , stabbing , fend off they blow with he shield . oh be inspire by Zed 's courage . oh ( to the edomite slave ) I know he , too . oh spring into action , attack the big guard in front of he . the other slave see that and start fight with they guard , a genuine slave revolt . the crowd Guards start move to help they comrade , but the spirit of insurrection take hold of the crowd and people start grapple with the guard . a platoon of reinforcement come double - timing into the square . suddenly , a stooped old man throw off he cloak and pull a sword . it 's abraham ! abraham death to the idolator ! abraham 's small army of hebrews reveal themselves , draw they weapon and attack the reinforcement . the last Hebrew to unrobe be Isaac , who just stand there observe the grow chaos . isaac ( shaking he head ) just fuck nut . 77 marlak and enmebaragesi 77 they come run into the battle swinging club , randomly bashing head of soldier and innocent civilian alike . cain see marlak and stand he ground . cain tough guy , huh ? you want a piece of I ? get ready to have you head bashed in ! official White 121 . as cain raise he truncheon , marlak head - butt he . cain ( cont would ) ( nose bleed , stunne ) Nice move ! he pass out and go down . 78 the king 78 he start to panic at the full - scale revolt and rise nervously . his minister surround he , he think to protect he . king I know I could depend on you loyalty . the minister all draw dagger from they robe and move in for the kill . king ( cont would ) ( mutter ) asshole . he fall to they flash knife . 79 the temple 79 oh fight he way to the temple stair , run up and confront a priest who be try to drag eema away . he fight with very little skill but tremendous energy , finally overwhelming the guard and grab eema . oh ( suddenly shy again ) hello , eema . eema ( still a little daze ) oh ? he stare at she full red lip and big blue eye . oh ( suddenly forceful ) eema , you be my woman ! you hear I ? eema okay . official White 122. oh really ? it 's okay ? he pull she into a embrace and kiss she hard on the mouth . then , out of the corner of he eye , oh see a guard rush at he . oh whirl and fall off the platform , accidentally cut the guard leg out from under he . 80 the high priest 80 while Zed be busy with the guard , the High Priest pull Maya toward the fire . Zed see he , finish the last of the guard , and start slowly move toward the High Priest who start back away until he see oh move toward he from the other side . he hold the helpless Maya close to the flame . high priest ( scream and cry ) keep away ! zed let she go . high priest ( he mascara run ) no ! the god demand a sacrifice ! and you ruin it ! he wrestle Maya even closer to the fire . zed ( try to keep he calm ) why do not we just sacrifice something small -- a rabbit maybe . or a duck . that would be good , do not you think ? high priest ( scream ) no ! a duck would not be good ! oh ( U.S. ) then how about this ? the High Priest turn to oh . oh be hold the big sacramental pitcher . oh ( cont would ) more oil ? official White 123 . he splashes the High Priest with a gallon of oil , soaking he from head to toe . as the oil hit the High Priest , Zed dash across and snatch Maya from he grasp . the High Priest spin around in a rage , he long robe wrap around he leg hobbling he , he totter on he high platform shoe , lose he balance and get too close to the idol 's fiery mouth . totally drench in oil , he burst into flame like a human torch , scream , and stagger right into the mouth of the furnace . high priest ( scream ) hot ! temple square everyone go silent , stunne by the incredible turn of event . all eye turn to Zed and oh , now stand before they on the center stage of the temple . zed and oh they look at each other . someone have to say something . finally , Zed clear he throat . zed I be the , uh , chosen one , I guess , and on behalf of , well , the whole city , I want to thank the High Priest for he incredible sacrifice . that be really something , be not it ? he start clap , then oh start clap , and soon all the people in the square be applaud . at that moment a single drop of rain fall and hit Zed in the eye . he look up , a few more drop , then a hard steady rain start to fall . the people all look up in awe , then someone cheer and they all roar in celebration . then the rain stop as suddenly as it start . the cheer die away , and confuse , dissatisfied mutter begin . zed ( cont would ) ( jump in quickly ) people ! Friends ! sodomite ! okay , that be a little confusing , be not it ? ( more ) official White 124 . zed ( cont would ) be that a sign from God ? be not it a sign ? what 's the deal ? we all want to know . but I be not sure anybody really know -- and I would be real suspicious of people who say they do . if I have learn one thing , it 's this : the world and everything in it be a miracle . and what that miracle mean be for each and every one of we to figure out for himself . be the god go to destroy we ? maybe -- I do not know -- I guess it 's possible . but if we keep go the way we be , they will not have to . we be do a pretty good job of destroy ourselves . so maybe we should all just go home now , and think about what happen -- and be very , very good to each other . I know I be go to try . ( raise he hand in salute to the people ) peace . the crowd stare at he blankly . nobody know what to make of it all . then marlak shout loud enough for all to hear . marlak all hail the chosen one ! with that the crowd explode into rouse cheer . in the midst of the crowd , abraham look around and scowl . abraham what be I ? chopped liver ? at the altar , Maya , revive now , embrace Zed . maya you be incredible , you know that ? zed that 's what I have be try to tell you . Zed and Maya , oh and eema stand there bask in the gratitude of the people as inanna look on . dissolve to : official white 125 . 81 ext . gate of the CITY - a few day later 81 a caravan be assemble , make ready to leave the city . marlak , enmebaragesi , Maya , eema and the other villager be there , as well as a great number of freed slave and Hebrew . Isaac be check out Maya 's breast . isaac hey , babe . ever make it with a circumcise guy ? marlak grunt at he and reach for he knife . isaac ( cont would ) ( backpedaling ) be she with you ? I do not realize that . sorry . marlak and Maya cross to Zed who be load a packhorse . marlak look at he for a long moment then punch he hard on the shoulder . marlak ( grudging ) you do good . Zed wait for more , but nothing come . zed ( rub he shoulder ) well say , marlak . you really have a way with word . they clasp hand . marlak we will tell storey about you around the fire . zed not much to tell , be there ? just a average guy who see he destiny and have the courage to defy a powerful empire . no big deal . oh be at the front of the caravan , give order , but no one be listen to he . Zed join he . zed ( cont would ) everybody ready ? official White 126 . oh ( worried ) yeah , just about -- I guess so . the Hebrew be go to lead we to the sea and we can get boat from there . we can trade all this stuff everybody give we for the trip home . ( nervous ) I do not think I should be the leader . nobody 's listen to I . eema ( by he side ) I will listen to you . oh swell up with pride . oh ( turn to Zed ) come back to the village sometime . Zed nod , they shake hand , then they embrace . stifl a tear , oh break away and whip the lead camel . oh ( cont would ) ( shouting at camel ) hee -ya ! ( beat , quietly to camel ) come on . people be watch . the camel look at he and slowly lumber off . oh sigh gratefully and signal the caravan to follow . as the great caravan move off , Zed be leave stand there with nothing but a long staff , and a bundle on the ground beside he to which be tie he sword , shield and helmet . Maya join he . maya where will you go now ? zed might head down to Egypt . I hear it 's a happen kinda place . maya be you go alone ? zed not necessarily . you want to come ? official White 127 . maya I will get my thing . she gesture off and he see a small train of camel and horse load with a ton of she personal possession . maya ( cont would ) the princess give I a few gift when she freed we . zed travel light , huh ? okay , here we go . ( point ) to the west ! maya ( correct he ) that 's west . zed I know that . just want to see if you do . Zed grin and they start walk , pass a small herd of sheep and goat , tend by veile women , go in the opposite direction . as the last of the shepherd women pass , we notice something masculine about she build and posture . Zed nod politely to she , but she avert she eye and turn away from he . cain ( in a high unconvincing woman 's voice ) peace - -- brother . zed do a double take at the voice , shrug , and walk off with Maya - - as a torrential rain begin to fall . the end