yes man written by Nicholas stoller base on the Book " the yes man " by Danny wallace first draft February 2 , 2007 ext . rudy be - night it 's New Year 's Eve at rudy 's , a hole - in - the - wall dive . people stream into the bar to celebrate . outside , carl kendall ( 30 ) and he soon - to - be ex-girlfriend kath be have a quiet intense discussion . kath you do not do anything more . you use to be fun . now you hardly ever even leave you apartment . carl I be here , be not I ? kath that 's because it 's New Year 's Eve . you have to be here . besides , it 's not only social stuff . you use to have dream . you want to go to business school , you want to work for the World Bank . carl so I discover b-school 's not for I . people grow . kath grow be " X be not for I so I will do y . " you go X be not for I and so I guess I will sit on the couch for the rest of my life . carl ( acquiescing ) well , look , this suck , but I understand where you be come from . kath this be the problem . you do not even care that I be break up with you . carl of course I care . but I also understand . kath you should not just understand . you should be mad . or upset . or sad . or something . 2 . carl we be at different place in we life . I get it . kath you girlfriend of two year break up with you right before New Year 's Eve and all you can say be " I get it ? " it be completely within you right to call I a bitch . carl that would be inappropriate . kath ( tear up ) I can not believe I have be dating someone so emotionless . carl c'mere . it will be ok . Carl hug she . int . rudy be - moment later rudy 's be a dive bar . dartboard , pool table , scuff wooden floor , Miller lite sign , etc . the patron be all facing the giant television . the New Year 's Ball be dropping . among the patron be we hero Carl , he best friend peter , Peter 's girlfriend lucy , they party friend rooney and he ex - girlfriend , kath who 's still a little red-ey . patron Three , two , one ... happy New Year ! everyone blows noisemakers and pop champagne . patron ( cont would ) ( singing ) should auld acquaintance be forget and never bring to mind ? should auld acquaintance be forget and day of auld lang syne ? carl well , that be fantastic . good night , guy . peter you be go , already ? 3. kath we have not even finish the song yet . carl I see the ball drop and hugge all of you . alien do not invade . we computer be still work . what else could possibly happen ? lucy rooney might throw up . rooney it 's true . I be very close . carl I see that happen like every night . good night and happy New Year . Carl leave . his friend look concerned . lucy how do he take the break -up ? kath ( crying ) like a robot . two year , and nothing . lucy I be so sorry . int . carl apartment - night Carl go into he apartment . he lie down in he bed and close he eye . close on the alarm . his alarm go off . Carl hit it off . it 's now daytime . int . carl apartment - day Carl get dress . he put on a nametag for Southwest Bank . ext . carl apartment Carl walk down the street , fast . he pass a cute girl who 's name we will learn be renee pass out flyer for a band call " the Flying buttress . " 4. renee wanna rock out tonight ? carl I do not rock out . he walk into dunkin donut . int . dunkin donut the dunkin donut cashier hand Carl he coffee . dunkin donut cashier would you like a italian - inspire coffee flavor ? carl no thanks . dunkin donut cashier how about the double doughnut special ? carl no . int . southwest bank - later Carl sit at he cubicle , flip on he email . carl ( read the email ) dear trusted foreigner , allow I to introduce myself . I be the depose King of Nigeria and I wish to propose a confidential transaction . ( to the computer ) allow I to delete you , my liege . norman , he needy boss , come up to he . norman my teller report for duty . carl I be not a soldier . norman you be a soldier on the front line of finance . ( then ) ( more ) 5 . norman ( cont would ) so , Carl , I be have a party this Friday . it 's a funny hat party . May I entreat you to come ? Carl look at he calendar . it 's totally empty . carl ( clearly lie ) I be out of town . int . southwest bank - lobby Carl stand in the middle of the floor stare into the middle distance . a customer approach he . bank customer hey , I need to speak to a loan specialist and there 's no one on the floor . carl sorry . today I be officially a greeter . beat . bank customer but there 's no one around . carl someone might come . and if I be not here , they will not be greet . bank customer you be really not go to help I ? carl until I be relieved as a greeter , my hand be tie . the Bank customer sit down in the section off wait area as Carl stand in the middle of the floor . it be very awkward . no one come in . Carl slowly move so a column block the customer 's view of he . now that Carl 's behind the column , he have a clear view of the entrance of the bank . through the floor to ceiling window , he see the handsome new president of southwest bank , CHRIS parker , tear up in a mercede . he step out of the mercede with a hot girl on he arm . he and the girl walk into the bank . Carl stare at they , jealously . 6 . CHRIS parker hey , there . I be Chris parker . the new president of Southwest Bank . just want to come by and personally introduce myself to every branch manager . norman that would be I . norman calhoun . Chris turn to Carl . carl I be Carl kendall . just a teller . CHRIS parker I be " just a teller . " and now I be " just president of the large bank in the Southwest . " ( to norman ) you need anything , you let corporate know . you hear ? norman definitely . Chris parker and he hot secretary leave . Carl watch they , clearly jealous . norman ( cont would ) Nice work if you can get it . be I right ? carl ( clearly jealous ) yeah , if you be into fake breast and german engineering . norman check and check . the Bank customer come around . bank customer can you help I now ? carl no , but this gentleman can . Carl indicate norman . norman go to help the customer . 7. int . southwest bank Carl stare up at the clock . the clock finally click to 5:00 pm . norman think about my party , Carl ! carl will do ! int . carl kitchen Carl microwave a lean cuisine . int . carl apartment Carl watch survivor while eat lean cuisine . int . carl live room / bedroom Carl lay down and close he eye . the alarm goe off again . pull back to reveal it 's morning . int . dunkin donut Carl walk into dunkin donut . dunkin donut cashier would you like a italian -- carl no thanks . dunkin donut cashier how about -- carl no . ext . STREET Carl ignore the girl hand out flier . 8. int . southwest bank norman Valentine party . just wear something red ! carl can not . int . southwest bank Carl stare as the clock click to 5:00 . he 's out the door . int . carl kitchen Carl warm up a freeze pizza . int . carl apartment Carl eat the freeze pizza and watch Big brother . int . carl live room / bedroom Carl lie down . the alarm flip on . quick cut : -- in dunkin donut carl no . -- on the STREET . Carl refuse the pamphlet . -- in southwest bank norman dress as you favorite animal -- carl sorry . -- close on the clock . it flip to 5:00 . -- at home Carl eat freeze lasagna while watch the amazing Race . 9 . the image start to move faster : -- carl in dunkin donut . -- carl at southwest bank talking to norman . norman -- historical figure -- carl no can do . the clock flipping to 5:00 . -- carl at home eating frozen meatloaf and watching Project runway . -- carl head hitting he bed . -- carl waking up . -- carl shaking he head ` no . ' -- the clock flipping to 5:00 . -- carl head hitting the bed . -- the alarm go off . it 's now just a blur of image of Carl at Southwest Bank , shaking he head `no ' , eat lean cuisine and watch reality television . int . carl live room / bedroom - night Carl 's lie on he bed . the phone be ringing . he get up and answer . carl hello ? peter ( v.o. ) ( on the phone ) Carl . it 's Peter . where be you ? carl I be in bed . why ? what happen ? do someone die ? 10 . peter ( v.o. ) ( on the phone ) no . it 's just -- we be at rudy 's . celebrate New Year 's . Carl look at the alarm . it 's 11:15 pm . carl it 's already 11:15 . I do not think I can make it . peter oh , c'mon , Carl . no one 's see you for like forever . please swing by ? carl no . title up : the yes man carl ( cont would ) tell everyone happy New Year . Carl lie down and hang up the phone . CUT to later Carl watch he alarm clock flip to 12:00 am . he close he eye and go to sleep . ext . southwest bank Carl 's eat lunch at a picnic table outside . several bank employee smoke cigarettes near he . a oddly hyper guy name alex approach Carl . alex Carl kendall ? carl Alex ebert ? what 's up , buddy ? Alex hug Carl . alex too much ! how have you be ? I can not believe you be still work here . carl where have you be ? norman 's be heartbroken since you quit . 11 . alex where have I be ? you mean , where have not I be ? this year . dude . I have live . I climb mt. kilmanjaro . I eat bat in Laos . I shot a cow with a bazooka . I be not proud of that last one but I do it . how 's the bank ? carl same old same old . alex see ? that 's the problem . that 's everyone 's problem . you have get one life . why waste it on the same old same old ? Alex hand Carl a pamphlet for a " just say yes " seminar . alex ( cont would ) I know this will sound queer , but you have to hit this seminar . it change my life . it will change yours . unless you like the bank . carl you kid ? every day it 's impossible not to throw rock at the place . ( joking ) since you do not work here anymore , you want to throw a couple ? alex yes . Alex start whipping rock at the bank . carl what be you do ! stop that ! I be kid ! norman come out . norman what do you think you be do ? ( recognize Alex ) Alex ebert ! be this a alumnae prank ? I love prank ! alex hey , norman ! 12 . Alex continue throw rock at the bank . norman ( into a walkie- talkie ) we have a situation . a couple portly security guard come out and wrestle Alex to the ground . he manage to escape and run from the bank . alex go to the seminar , Carl ! you will not be sorry ! int . carl apartment Carl walk into he apartment . he hit play on he answer machine . peter ( v.o. ) ( over the answer machine ) Carl , it 's Peter . I know you do not do thing anymore , but it would mean a lot if you would come by rudy 's tonight . Lucy and I be celebrate we engagement . int . carl apartment - later Carl 's watch Hell 's Kitchen and eat a freeze pizza . there 's a knock on the door . the " just say yes " pamphlet ball up on he desk . he 's use it as a napkin . Carl pause the television show . he stand up and open the door . Peter stumble in . carl what be you do here ? peter this be a intervention . you have miss you last event . carl what be you talk about ? peter we engagement party . carl I be sorry . I be just really busy . 13 . peter you be watch Hell 's Kitchen . that 's not even b-list reality tv . carl so I do not want to go out tonight . maybe I have to wake up early tomorrow . you do not know . peter it 's bigger than that . you and kath break up over a year ago and you still be not dating anyone . carl what ? so ? I be like a sexual camel . I only need it once every couple year . peter I do not mean to be harsh but everyone 's move forward . it 's like you be still wear a timex while the rest of we each have entry level rolex . carl you wear a rolex ? peter thanks for notice . it 's a oyster perpetual yachtmaster . sapphire crystal , self -wind . four gs. but that 's not the point I be try to make . carl so I do not have a oyster watch . all you and Lucy and kath do be sit around and talk about real estate and crate and barrel . peter what 's wrong with crate and barrel ? they have adorable stuff at reasonable price . carl forget crate and barrel . maybe I be just get more mature . I do not need the lifestyle ever night . 14 . peter lifestyle ? you have to have a life to have a style of life . you never leave you apartment . you never meet anyone new . carl I hate meeting people . peter you have become a complete cave dweller . carl I be not a cave dweller . just the other day , we all go to summerfest and snuck backstage and you bet I I would not steal something and so I steal a drumstick from that horrible swedish hillbilly band . that 's not very cave dweller of I . peter just the other day ? that be seven year ago . carl but that 's not possible -- I be already work at the bank by then . peter you have start there three year earlier . why you have work at that place for so long be beyond I . you have so much potential . you should not be a teller . you should be the guy who tell the guy who tell the teller what to do . carl ( shocked ) I have be a teller at Southwest Bank for ten year ? how the hell do that happen ? ( do the math ) ten year ... if I have have a child , he would be toilet - train by now . peter actually , he would be in fourth grade . 15 . carl ( start to panic ) I be make out with chick by fourth grade . I be a little man by fourth grade . ( then ) whatever . I do not need this shit right now . I be a adult man . I can live my life as I see fit . can you please leave ? Carl push Peter out the door . Carl sit down on the couch . he then unball the " just say yes " pamphlet . it feature a indian man smile beatifically . match CUT to : int . holiday inn conference room a banner across a stage that have a photo of the same indian man smile beatifically . we pan down to find Carl among the crowd . Carl sit down next to a wiry , crunchy woman . wiry , crunchy woman be this you first time at one of sanji 's lecture ? carl ( scoffing ) uh , yeah . ( then ) have you be to this before ? wiry , crunchy woman only like fifty - eight time . sanji 's a genius . like seriously ... he will blow you mind all over the goddamn room . he 's like a mind grenade . carl I do not know if I want that . wiry , crunchy woman oh you do not . but you need it . and that 's why you be here . carl cool . do you want anything from the refreshment area ? 16 . wiry , crunchy woman you kid ? that process shit will kill you faster than a pleasure cruise to Chernobyl . Carl head over to the refreshment table . once he 's out of she sight , he sit down alone in a corner of the conference room . ethereal music begin to play over the loudspeaker . people begin to sit . Carl sit down in the back . sanji ( v.o. ) life . we be all live it . Carl laugh . no one else do . the light get rosier . sanji ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) or be we ? Change do not start on the surface . it 's generate from consciousness . but where be consciousness generate from ? Carl look around . everyone be nodd along with it . sanji ( cont would ) from the external . and the external be manipulate through we choice . and we choice start with one word . the music abruptly switch to the open beat of " jump " by the pointer sister . the rosy color light flip to bright white and sweep across the convention CENTER room . it be suddenly like a rock concert . sanji ( 5as ) bust through the giant banner . the whole crowd start cheering . sanji ( cont would ) yes ! instead of " jump " , sanji 's yell " yes ! " sanji ( cont would ) say yes ! for you life ! yes ! Change start now ! yes ! yes ! yes ! say it with I ! say yes ! sanji pump he fist in the air as lame indoor firework go off . the crowd jump on there feet . sanji ( cont would ) be you ready to open the door to yes ? 17 . crowd yes ! sanji I be sorry , my friend . but I can not hear you ? crowd yes ! sanji shhhhhhh . the crowd quiet . sanji ( cont would ) now be the time when we must greet we new member . who here be new ? please , do not be shy . wiry , crunchy woman he be ! the woman point at Carl . the spotlight swing over to Carl . he be annoyed . sanji come on up , future yes man ! carl that 's ok . I be just audit . sanji you can not audit life ! now get on up here ! carl I be cool right here . sanji then I will come to you ! sanji run off the stage and join Carl in the back of the conference hall . the spotlight follow he . sanji ( cont would ) what be you name ? carl Carl . 18 . sanji let I guess , Carl . this be not you idea to come here , Carl . carl I would not say that . sanji you can tell I , Carl . we be all alone , Carl . the crowd laugh . carl it be not exactly my idea . sanji that 's what I think , Carl . and you think this be all bullshit , Carl , be not that right , Carl ? carl honestly ? sanji be there any other way ? carl this whole thing seem retarded . sanji but you be stick in you life , Carl ? be I right ? carl I would not necessarily -- sanji you once have a dream ? you want to own a boat ? a house ? a fancy car ? you want to a doctor , a lawyer ... a business man ? Carl nod , surprised at sanji 's incisiveness . sanji ( cont would ) you want to be more than you be . and yet you have suddenly wake up to find life be pass you by . be I right , Carl ? 19 . sanji 's suddenly get to Carl . as sanji talk to he , the moment between they become more and more intimate . it should feel like the rest of the crowd have disappear . carl a little . sanji it 's odd that ten year can pass just like that . sanji snap . sanji ( cont would ) be not it , Carl ? carl it be . sanji I want you to do something for I , Carl . tomorrow , I want you only to say yes . can you do that for I ? for one day , Carl ? carl I be not sure -- sanji please , Carl . do it for I and you will be do it for yourself . if you do not have the best day in ten year then I be the uncle of a monkey . will you do it for I Carl ? just for a day ? carl yes ? sanji grab Carl hand and pull he to he foot . we pull back and the crowd cheer . sanji welcome to the world of yes ! firework and confetti go off . the wiry , anxious woman give Carl a creepy thumb up . int . carl apartment - morning Carl 's asleep . the phone start ringing . Carl sleepily grab the phone . 20 . carl yello . peter ( v.o. ) ( on the phone ) Carl , it 's Peter . I just want to apologize about barging in yesterday . you be right . it 's you life to live . carl do not worry about it . peter ( v.o. ) ( on the phone ) I , Lucy and kath be all go out for brunch . you have any interest in join ? carl oh , thanks for the invite , but ... flash of sanji looming large in carl eye . sanji will you do it for I Carl ? just for a day ? back to carl and peter . we close in on carl mouth . carl ( in slo - mo ) yes . peter Excuse I ? carl ( clearly not want to ) yes . I will come to brunch . ext . stacker - morning stacker be a cutesie brunch place . Carl walk up to Peter , Lucy and kath . kath ( awkward ) Morning , Carl . this be a surprise . carl why ? 21 . kath because I have never see you at brunch . like ever . carl you kid ? I love brunch . int . stacker - later Carl , Peter , Lucy and kath be still wait with a big crowd of people to sit down for brunch . carl why do people wait a hour for breakfast ? it 's so hot and bright and we have not even have coffee yet . peter if you do not want to be here , you do not have to be . carl of course I want to be here . I love wait a hour for egg . it 's fun . although I will point out that you have sunglass which be probably make this wait a lot easier . peter oakley , polarize lense , indestructible . two fifty but worth every penny . the waitress come up . waitress lowell , party of five . a group of four people get up to be seat . carl we be definitely before that lowell people . kath I hate when people jump ahead . carl why do no one ever say anything ? 22 . peter if you want to be sit so bad , why do not you say something ? carl yes . I will . Carl walk up to the waitress . carl ( cont would ) Excuse I , but we be here before that people . waitress no you be not . carl yes , we be . waitress I have the list , dude . the list do not lie . meanwhile , the customer the waitress be go to seat be look away , try not to get involved . carl well , this time the list lie . lucy it 's ok , Carl . it 's just brunch . carl ( to the people who be be seat ) you all know that we be up before you ! and you have to live with that knowledge through you delightful brunch ! Peter pull Carl away from the waitress . peter what 's go on with you ? carl I just want transparency in term of the brunch seating order . one of the customer who be be seat head over . 23 . kath great . now we be go to get into a fight . brunch dude we talk about what you say ... you be right . you guy be here before we . sorry we do not pipe up sooner . we cool , brother ? carl ( surprised ) yeah . we cool . Carl and the brunch dude punch fist and hug . int . stacker - later Carl and he friend be sit at a table . Carl 's slightly bored as he friend discuss real estate . lucy it 's a two bedroom duplex with harbor view . it would be perfect for you kath . kath washer / dryer in the building ? carl ( jealous ) I do not realize you be look to buy a place . I think you and I would be renter to the end . peter she 's a fancy lawyer make bank . it 's about time she be buy . kath ( playful ) shut up . the brunch dude be seat near Carl . he give he a thumb up . Carl give a thumb up right back . peter ( be : the menus ) what be you look at ? carl Bacon and egg . 24 . kath how unadventurous . carl I do not want a adventure first thing in the morning . the waitress come over . waitress I just want to tell you about my special . we have a double fruit burnt sugar waffle . any of you interested in that ? beat . carl yes . waitress alrighty . then , on the savory side , we have a smoke whitefish omelet with hash brown on the side . any taker ? beat . carl yes . waitress ( surprised ) you want both ? carl yes . the waitress write that down . waitress would you like toast with that ? carl yes . waitress any side ? Bacon . carl yes . 25 . waitress sausage . carl yes . waitress Turkey sausage ? carl yes . waitress a side of we famous maple pancake -- carl yes . waitress wow . someone 's really hungry . carl yes . waitress coffee or juice ? carl coffee . and juice . waitress we also have smoothies ? carl yes . Carl 's friend look at he like a freak . waitress be that all ? carl ( relieved ) yes . waitress ( turn towards he friend ) what would you all like to order ? his friend be all look at Carl . 26 . int . stacker Carl have six dish in front of he . the waitress come over with a pepper mill . waitress would you like some pepper ? carl yes . the waitress start grind pepper onto Carl 's meal . it 's start to take a long time . she 's grind and grind and grind . waitress would you like more ? carl yes . she keep grind . a pile of pepper 's grow on he food . int . stacker - later all of Carl 's food be cover pile of pepper . peter I do not think I have ever see a waiter tap one of that pepper mill . carl I be just addict to the stuff . chinese culture say it 's good for digestion . ( then ) you be all welcome to have some . lucy that 's ... ok . do you want a bite of mine ? carl ( begrudgingly ) yes . Carl take a bite of Lucy 's . he then sip he coffee . 27 . carl ( cont would ) uch. brunch coffee . why can not they make it black without all this frothy shit ? peter because you order a latte . Carl 's phone ring . he answer it . norman ( o.s. ) hey , Carl . we be a little short on we Saturday staff . I know this be go against ten year of precedent , but you have any interest in come in today ? carl I do not think ... there 's any reason why I should not ? on a Saturday there 's nothing I like more than the inside of a bank . norman ( o.s. ) there really be something magical about this place . int . dunkin donut Carl walk into dunkin donut . dunkin donut cashier would you like a italian - inspire coffee flavor ? beat . carl yes . dunkin donut cashier sugar , splenda or nutrasweet ? carl all of they please . the confuse dunkin donut cashier load up Carl 's coffee . dunkin donut cashier we be have a special on munchkin ? 28 . ext . STREET Carl walk out of dunkin donut , carry a giant coffee and several box of munchkin . he walk by Renee , the cute girl who hand out band flier . renee want a flier ? oh , it 's you . never mind . carl of course I will take a flier . Carl take a flier . Renee 's surprised Carl 's take a flier . carl ( cont would ) ( reading ) the Flying buttress . renee I know after a year and a half of wear you down , you would give in . I be Renee by the way . Renee hold out she hand . carl Carl . renee Carl . cool . I like to thank everyone personally who come to we performance . it give it a nice intimate touch . see you soon Carl . Carl turn away , nervous that he 's accept she invitation . he take a sip of he giant coffee and grimace . int . southwest bank Carl stumble into work , hyper from the giant coffee . norman Morning , Carl . thanks for come in and be part of the Saturday banking experience . oooh , munchkin . be that for the office , you dirty devil ? 29 . carl yeah . I just though it would be a fun way to lighten thing up . norman ( deadly serious ) you do not approve this with petty cash . carl I spend my own money on they ... norman kidding ! munchkin be always approve . although , I can not reimburse you . ( over the intercom ) today be free munchkin day . that 's right ! free munchkin day ! instantly Carl 's cubicle be surround by fellow worker . bank employees Carl rule . / you be the best . / finally I have a reason to live today . int . southwest bank lounge Carl 's greeting . a middle - aged motherly customer come in . carl how may I help you ? bank customer I need to speak to a loan specialist . beat . carl while loan be not normally in my jurisdiction , I would be happy to help you . int . southwest bank - loan desk Carl 's try to keep up as the customer launch into intense finance - speak . 30 . bank customer I want to refi my house and spend the capital on my personal business . I see you have get a 5.25 7 year arm , but over at chase they be offer 5.00 7 year arm . can you refi lower , like at 4.85 par example , or be I go to have to bring my beeswax elsewhere ? carl yes . bank customer yes ? that 's it ? carl yup . what 's you business ? bank customer selling beanie baby online . carl adorable . bank customer more like highly profitable . I have crunch the number . the woman hand over a scrapbook that 's be decorate with construction paper and picture of beanie baby . Carl open the scrapbook . it 's fill with number . carl let I just get final approval on this . Carl get up and walk over to norman . angle on norman' office Carl stand before norman . norman you be a teller , not a loan specialist . carl no , I know , so if you think this be a bad idea for a loan that 's fine but can you please tell she yourself ? 31 . norman what 's this ? carl her business plan . norman grab the business plan and start read it . norman inta-maresting . my grandma love beanie baby . although unfortunately , we have a minimum loan floor of ten thousand dollar . she only want five . carl that 's silly . how're you suppose to start a tiny business if you can not get a tiny business loan ? norman I do not make the rule , I just break `em . ( then ) I do not break they . I just want to rhyme . if she want we to loan she ten thousand or more , great . otherwise , I think she only option be a loan shark . angle on loan desk Carl sit back down . bank customer ( nervous ) so , what would he say ? carl do you maybe have any interest in borrow ten thousand ? bank customer I can not afford the payment on ten . you can not do five thousand ? this be the fifth bank I have be to . please ? carl of course we can . one moment please . 32 . Carl get up . he head over to the soda machine and busy a diet Coke . he then head over to norman 's desk . carl ( cont would ) diet Coke ? norman oooh , thank you . feed the addiction , be I right ? they clink diet coke . norman downs he entire diet Coke in one swallow . Carl then head over to the photocopier . he watch norman out of the corner of he eye . after a couple minute , norman get up and head into the bathroom . Carl head back over to norman 's desk and swipe the loan approval stamp . angle on the loan desk Carl return to the loan desk and stamp her form . carl it 's approve . the Bank customer hug Carl . bank customer thank you so much ! I promise I will not let you down , Mr. kendall . on I . the Bank customer hand Carl a panda beanie baby . carl thanks , marge . we do not like to make other customer jealous so can we keep this between you and I ? bank customer of course . be not you just a dear ? the Bank customer leave . Carl can not help but be touch . int . southwest bank - loan desk Carl 's at the loan desk . norman come over , look grave . norman Carl , could I see you for a moment ? Carl nervously walk into he office . 33 . int . norman' office Carl nervously sit before norman . norman earlier today , you show some initiative . and I love it . what do you say to a permanent spot at the loan desk ? carl that seem like a lot of responsibility . norman we need a loan specialist a lot more than we need a teller and greeter . besides , you would have a start salary of 52 . carl Grand ? norman no , dollar . what be this Darfur ? ( wave to a African - american employee ) sorry , Patricia , that be inappropriate . ( then , back to Carl ) of course grand . to celebrate , next Saturday , I be throw a party . dress up as you favorite character from heroes . ( whispering ) save the cheerleader , save the world . carl next Saturday ... sound great . norman do not dress as hiro . I get dib . carl would not think of it . Carl head back to the loan desk , happy about he promotion . 34 . int . rudy be Carl walk in the door . Peter , Lucy and rooney , who 's clearly be there for a little while , come up to he . rooney Carl kendall ? out in the world ? be you some kind of ghost ? be I have a religious vision ? carl believe it . because this guy just get a promotion . lucy congrat , Carl ! rooney well let 's get you a beer . you want a 20 ouncer ? I be just joke - - carl yes . rooney look at Peter and Lucy . peter a normal - size beer be fine with I . lucy I think I be do actually . rooney two twenty ouncer and one tiny , little beer , barkeep . bartender please do not call I that . we be not in the middle age . rooney ( to Carl ) I can not believe you be out here . I be giddy . I feel like a child whose best friend have strict chinese parent who never let he come out and play but now he chinese parent be away for the chinese New Year . you have any interest in pound this shit ? 35 . carl why not ? rooney pick up he beer and begin pound the twenty ouncer . Carl reluctantly pound it as well . rooney slam he on the table . Carl put it on the table . rooney what do you say we have another ? carl yes . rooney you be a beast ! lucy well , it 's be fun watch you guy recreate freshman year , but Peter and I have some furniture errand to run . Carl 's a little drunk now . carl have a good day yuppify you life . peter we need a sofa , Carl . we be not buy a second home . rooney whatever , yuppy sellout . lucy it be good see you . you should come out more often . carl ( kind of plead ) please do not leave I here with he . Peter and Lucy laugh , not realize that Carl be serious . they leave . int . rudy be - night Carl and rooney be really drunk . 36 . carl I have not be this drunk in year ! the room be spin in a bad way ! rooney barkeep ! two more double pint s'il vous plait ! bartender that be the last `barkeep . ' I be cut you off . rooney well fortunately you be not the only game in town ! let 's go to some place with class . int . senor frog be - night rooney and Carl be in a senor frog . carl where 's the class ? rooney they wear uniform here . a senor frog's waitress come over . senor frog's waitress jello shot ? carl yes . Carl and rooney do jello shot . quick cut : -- Carl and rooney down more jello shot . -- Carl and rooney drink beer . -- Carl and rooney be drunkenly stare at a nearby group of girl . carl ( cont would ) that girl be hot . or at least she seem hot . I be kind of too drunk to tell . right now , honestly , you seem hot . 37 . rooney I be hot . senor frog's waitress another jello shot ? carl rooney yes . I think I be do . Carl downs the jello shot . he stumble a little . senor frog be dj senor frog 's famous karoake contest be start now ! sign up and sweep we off we foot ! rooney you gotta do karoake . Carl stumble over to the senor frog 's dj . he 's lose control and he like it . carl sign I up , bitch . senor frog's dj we have get we first victim ... I mean , singer . music cue : the open note of White town 's " you woman " Carl grab the microphone and head out into the crowd . ( note to reader : as you read this part , I recommend listen to White town 's " you woman . " it will bring it to life in a way that word on a page cannot do it justice . ) carl ( sing / talk with a odd English accent ) just tell I what you have get to say to I , I have be wait for so long to hear the truth , it come as no surprise at all you see , so cut the crap and tell I that we be through . now I know you heart , I know you mind , you do not even know you be be unkind , so much for all you highbrow marxist way , just use I up and then you walk away , Boy you can not play I that way . 38 . Carl head over to the hot girl and begin serenade her . she think it 's kind of funny . carl ( cont would ) well I guess what you say be true , I could never be the right kind of girl for you , I could never be you woman . Carl get really close to the hot girl 's face and then coyly pull away for the bridge of the song . during the awesome bridge , Carl do some fantastic dance move . or rather , move that you think be fantastic when you be drunk out of you mind . the hot girl laugh at he antic . carl ( cont would ) well I guess what they say be true , I could never spend my life with a man like you , I could never be you woman . I could never be you woman . I could never be you woman . Carl land on one knee in front of the hot girl . the crowd cheer for he . the hot girl 's large boyfriend get up close to Carl . everyone be very , very drunk . brutish boyfriend be you just flirt with my girlfriend ? carl ( be : the hot girl ) it depend -- be that you girlfriend ? brutish boyfriend yes . carl then yes . hot girl hey , c'mon . be cool . he be just screwing around . brutish boyfriend let I handle this , Crystal . ( to Carl ) so , you want to have sex with my girlfriend ? 39 . carl yes , I do . very much . brutish boyfriend be you start a fight ? rooney c'mon , Carl , let 's go -- carl yes , I be . brutish boyfriend then bring it . carl I will . beat . Carl do not really know what to do so he slap he across the face the way a woman would slap a man . brutish boyfriend what be that ? carl I bring it . the brutish boyfriend punch Carl in the head . carl ( cont would ) I be too drunk to feel ! I be like darkman ! Carl headbutt the guy . they get into a dirty , drunken tussle . both of they be try to hit the other one in the groin region . bouncer descend on they and pull they apart . ext . senor frog be Carl and rooney be outside . Carl 's nursing he wound . they be very , very drunk . rooney you pop that guy ! he do not know what hit he . carl you do not cross Carl kendall . the hot girl stumble out of senor frog 's . 40 . hot girl hey . I be sorry about domingo . he like to think he 's my boyfriend but he 's not . you be cute . the hot girl kiss Carl . hot girl ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) want to go some place private ? carl yes . int . carl apartment - morning Light be stream in through the window . Carl open he eye . he 's in bad shape . he look over to see the hot girl finish get dress . hot girl my fiance call . he be like really sorry about last night . I have to go . carl you fiance ? hot girl domingo . the guy who punch you in the face . carl I think you say you two be not even dating ? hot girl we be break up last night . it be fun hang out . the hot girl kiss Carl on the forehead . hot girl ( cont would ) I make some coffee . it 's in the kitchen . sorry for lead you on . the hot girl leave . Carl smile . that be awesome . int . holiday inn conference room Carl run to the conference room . the just say yes seminar have be pack up . 41 . int . holiday inn lobby Carl walk up to the counter . carl hi... be there a sanji gupta stay here ? receptionist room 125 . int . holiday inn hallway Carl walk down the hallway . he knock on room 125 . after a couple minute of shuffle around , sanji open the door . carl I be Carl . the guy from yesterday . sanji of course , of course ! please come in ! Carl come into sanji 's hotel room . sanji ( cont would ) would you like a cup of coffee ? carl no thanks . I just want to thank you for that inspiration . sanji fantastic . so how do you plan on continue with you journey ? carl you know , just live every day to it 's fullest . and , like , learn to continue to experience life or whatever . sanji outstanding , Carl . except for one thing : ( suddenly intense ) you be completely bullshit I ! 42 . carl I just say I be go to keep experience life . I think you would be happy . sanji you be like a cigarette addict , Carl . except you be addict to boredom . on the way in here , Carl , I offer you a coffee and you refuse . perhaps that would have be the most delicious cup of coffee you would have ever have . who 's to say ? not you , Carl , because you say no ! anyone can quit smoking for a day . but for a lifetime ? no . carl so what should I do ? sanji pull out a contract . sanji behold , Carl , -- the maniyesto . Carl take the maniyesto . carl ( read the document ) 1 ) until New Year 's Eve , I must say yes . 2 ) the yes cannot distort the truth . sanji ( explaining ) you can not say " yes , the world be flat " because that be a untruth . carl ( read the document ) 3 ) if someone discover you be a yes man , you do not have to say yes to they . 4 ) to avoid yes , you cannot avoid contact . therefore , you must always answer you phone , the door , you postal mail , you email , etc and so on and so forth . 5 ) you must choose a yesponsor to keep you on the straight and narrow . ( to sanji ) who should that be ? 43. sanji a close friend who will not tell a soul . carl ( read the document ) 5 ) I hereby void the " do you want " loophole . ( to sanji ) what be that ? sanji if someone ask you " do you want to go to the art museum " and you do not want to , you may not use this lack of desire as a excuse to not go . and finally , a warning . ( spookily ) if you say `no ' , even once , even for a cup of coffee , be prepare to lose every single little thing you have gain . ( then ) so what do you say , Carl ? ( whispering ) what do you say ? carl I say ... yes . Carl sign the maniyesto . sanji and here . Carl sign again . sanji ( cont would ) and here . Carl sign again . sanji ( cont would ) and initial here . and here . carl be this like a legal document ? sanji kind of . and finally , my friend , please hold out you hand . 44 . Carl hold out he hand . sanji pull out a iron brand that 's be heating over a hot pot and brand carl palm . carl ahhhhhhhh ! sanji that should heal by New Year 's . until then , you be a yes man . Carl look at he palm . in the center of the palm , sanji 's brand a ` yes . ' int . rudy be Carl be sit across from Peter . peter for a whole year ? carl yesterday I get promote and beat up and hook up with this chick and I have a massive headache today and I still might throw up , but I do not care because it be the best time I have have in like forever . not to mention find out that , despite what you might think , smoke whitefish in a omelette be delicious , even if cover in a thick layer of pepper . peter but for a whole year ? carl you do not understand . I get promote . do you know how long I have be wait for some kind of financial step forward ? I say `ye ' and it arrive . peter well , someone sound like they be yuppify they life . carl Excuse I for want a appliance in my kitchen besides a hot pot . 45 . peter there 's no way you can do this for a whole year . carl that 's where you come in . you be my " yesponsor . " peter yesponsor ? carl like in aa . I need you to hold I to it . peter you be not go to last for more than a week . carl I look forward to prove you wrong . Peter and Carl shake hand . carl ( cont would ) Nice suit . if I move up anymore at the bank , I might need a few . peter cavalli . silk and cotton blend . Seven fifty . Lucy come over and kiss Peter . lucy my girlfriend be be such bitch . it 's be two week and no one 's offer to throw I a wedding shower . peter that 's too bad . I be sure someone will offer . lucy ( sarcastic ) hey , you want to throw my wedding shower ? Peter turn to Carl , smile . 46 . carl ( dread it ) I would be happy to . lucy I be kid . wedding shower be throw by girl . carl that 's sexist . please . I insist . lucy thanks . that mean a lot to I . Lucy hug Carl . Carl look over Lucy 's shoulder at Peter and shake he head . rooney come over . rooney that be some good time last night . you back for more ? carl yes . rooney I have get no cash . you mind spot I and my buddy ? rooney point to four barflies sit at the bar . peter sorry , do not bring my wallet . Peter turn to Carl . carl ( begrudgingly ) yes . Carl walk up to the bar . Peter 's snicker behind he . carl ( cont would ) what kind of beer do you guy want ? rooney' friend / rooney as long as you be buy , I want a grey Goose straight up . / kir Royale / whatever 's in that dusty bottle back there that you never take down . 47 . int . carl apartment - morning Carl wake up . he look at the tattooe " yes " on he hand . int . carl apartment Carl go through a series of junk mail flyer for credit card . he very carefully fill each one of they out . int . dunkin donut Carl walk into dunkin donut . before the cashier can say anything ... carl Black coffee , large . dunkin donut cashier would you like ... carl ( cut she off ) to have a wonderful day ? I would . Carl turn to see a giant poster with the word " do you want a mocha caramel coolata ? " Carl turn back to the cashier . carl ( cont would ) ( resigned ) and could I also have a mocha caramel coolata . dunkin donut cashier with whipped cream ? ext . STREET Carl walk out of dunkin donut , carry a freeze coffee drink and several box of munchkin . he walk by Renee and wordlessly take a flier . renee hey , give that back . you already take one . carl what 's the hurt in take another ? 48 . renee destroy the Earth . also , they cost I ten cent a copy . besides , be you even go to come ? carl of course . I could not say `no . ' as he walk away ... carl ( cont would ) even if I want to . renee see you tonight , Carl ! int . southwest bank Carl sit at he cubicle , and flip on he email . in the background , we see various super happy employees eat the dunkin donut that Carl have bring . we see on the screen another email from the King of Nigeria . carl dear depose King of Nigeria . I would love to help you anyway I can with you confidential transaction . please let I know what I can do . your , Carl kendall . he check the next email . carl ( cont would ) would I like viagra ? yes , I would . Carl write back to the viagra . angle on the screen : the next email be from persianwifefinder.com . carl ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) do I want a Persian wife ? perhaps I do . Carl click onto the persianwifefinder.com and start upload he profile . norman walk by . carl ( cont would ) norman , would you say I prefer iranian , pakistani , bangladeshi or no preference ? 49 . int . southwest bank - loan desk Carl 's read he email when a high school girl sit down . high school girl you Carl kendall ? carl yeah . high school girl I hear that you do small loan . carl where do you hear that ? high school girl marge . the lady my mom busy she beanie baby from . carl I tell she not to say anything . high school girl I only need five hundred buck . I be start college next year and I need it for book . I can not afford they now but I can pay they off over the course of the year . Carl look to make sure norman 's not around then he stamp she form . high school girl ( cont would ) thank you so much , Mr. kendall . ext . STREET Carl walk down the street , take flier from anyone who pass they out . we do quick cut of he with various people as he walk down the street . carl I might have some stuff to pawn . / I will definitely check out you gun selection . / I would like to learn Korean . berlitz flier guy if you be interested , intro to Korean be start right now . 50 . int . berlitz CLASS - day Carl 's sit in a Korean class with several businessman . carl ( in Korean , with subtitles ) [ hello , my name be Carl . what be you name ? ] int . the note bar and performance space - night Carl stand at the back of a basically empty dive bar , nursing a beer . there 's a makeshift stage at the front of the bar . " the Flying buttress " be set up they equipment , include a giant clear plastic harp . Renee step up to the microphone . renee hello Jake , penelope , Carl and rodrigo . we be the Flying buttress ! they four audience member cheer . the drummer bang he stick together and the band launch in . they be terrible . like really terrible . Renee sing in a high -pitch voice that she probably think sound like Tori amo , but sound more like a dog whistle . if you have hear the singer , joanna newsom , well that 's who she 's emulate . renee ( cont would ) ( singing ) everyday , the unicorn they play / among lingonberry field / they silently bay / the king have no crown / just a vest of grass / the queen love the jester / the jester have the last laugh . ( chorus ) you be my minotaur / with you cloven hoof !/ half man , half horse / you be all boy to I Carl look at the three other audience member . they be nodd along . also , one of they be dress like a Court jester . CUT to later Renee 's whisper sing . 51 . renee ( cont would ) a witch cauldron / burn hot as hell / as she crooked hand / brews a love spell . CUT to later Renee 's sing a power ballad . renee ( cont would ) i! am! a! Fairy ! / i! like ! to fly ! the four people in the audience clap hard as she finish . Renee take a huge bow and motion to she fellow band mate . Carl , not know how to politely react to the horror show he just witness , clap along . Renee get off the stage and walk over to the bar , right next to Carl . bartender Nice , show Renee . one virgin mint soda come right up . renee I do not think I hit a high enough octave in Fairy dream song . carl I disagree . I think you hit some pretty high octave . renee but I can hit like way higher . ( as she speak she voice go higher and higher ) like check this out . I think this tone might be more appropriate for my water nymph song ? carl ( speak in a low voice ) I do not know -- I have know some water nymph with big ball . ( no reaction ) from the high level of testosterone . a awkward moment where Renee do not react and Carl think he may have offended she . suddenly she start laugh spazzily hard . Carl smile . 52 . renee I have get to write a song about that . I could call it ... carl " Big ball Water nymph " ? it 's a work title . renee I like it . I can work with that . the drummer , a guy name leeore , shout down to Renee from the stage . leeore um , excuse I , but we have to clear the stage . renee I gotta clear . ( joking ) unless of course , you want to help ? carl sure . I love clear stage . Carl help a surprised Renee clear the stage . ext . the note bar and grill Carl have help Renee fit the giant harp into the back of she ancient volvo . renee well , thanks for come , Carl . I must bid good night . carl so early ? it 's only 8:00 ? renee I lead a jogging , photo group for people who want to both exercise and practice photography . carl you be a photographer too ? renee amateur , but yeah . I show every Friday . ( more ) 53. renee ( cont would ) if you want to do some artistic calisthenics join we tomorrow . carl what time do you leave ? renee five . so we can see the sunrise . carl wow . I have not see the sunrise maybe ever . ( resigned ) I guess now I will be do that tomorrow . renee oh , it 's beautiful . make great photo . Nice meeting you , Carl . Renee get in she volvo and drive off . Carl walk off . flier guy you interested in learn Spanish ? Carl take the flier from the flier guy . ext . STREET Carl walk down the street , now hold a zillion flier . Carl get a tap on the shoulder . reveal kath stand there . kath ( o.s. ) think of learn a couple foreign language ? carl hey , kath . would you like one ? I be go to learn swahili . kath maybe next week . there 's someone you should probably meet . Carl , this be seb . a very tall , very blond , Nordic look man approach Carl . carl seb ? what be that ? swedish ? seb yes . 54 . beat . seb put he hand on kath 's back . Carl notice this and be not particularly happy . seb ( cont would ) I have hear a lot about you , Carl . seb 's phone ring . seb ( cont would ) sorry , sweetie . I have get to take this . seb walk off and answer he cell . carl you be on a date then ? kath yeah . met he at my firm . carl he 's very tall . kath I guess so , yeah . seb return . carl well , it be nice meeting you , seb . so I will be go . Carl start to walk off . seb unless ... you would like to join we ? Carl stop in he track . he mouth the word " fuck . " Carl turn . kath nod at Carl as in , " you do not have to join we . " seb ( cont would ) it be good meeting you -- carl I would love to . join you guy . kath what ? 55 . int . romantic restaurant - later seb , Carl and kath be sit at dinner . it be incredibly awkward . kath and seb be clearly incredibly piss off . carl so , how do you guy meet ? kath I tell you . through the firm . a waiter arrive . waiter would you like to order some wine ? kath / carl / seb yes . CUT to later -- Carl , kath and seb be now slightly drunk . however , it be a quiet , angry drunk , not a fun-love drunk . they be still sit in silence . seb turn to kath and start say something quietly to she . carl oh , this be good . ( chuckling ) I be walk past pizza Hut the other day , and for a second I be sure the sign say " pizza hat . " and then I think , would not it be funny if there be a shop that sell hat shape like pizza ? ( beat , weakly ) you know . because it sound like " pizza Hut " only it 's a hat shop . seb look , Carl , why do not you just eat you fish and fuck off ? Carl put the rest of he meal in he mouth , get up from the table and walk out of the restaurant . as he leave , he smile to himself . his phone ring . he see it 's rooney on the caller id . carl shit . Carl answer the phone . 56 . rooney ( o.s. ) what 's up Carl ? it 's rooney ! what do you say we grab a couple brewskis ? int . carl apartment - late night Carl flip on he computer . he 's trash . he have a bunch of email . he click on the email . nigerian king ( v.o. ) dear brother Carl , thank you for you last note you send I . but we must move quickly . I must have you bank detail right now . send they to I . you associate , Omar , King of Nigeria carl ( while type ) dear Omar , while I appreciate the gravity of you situation , perhaps a goodwill branch be in order . could you perhaps loan I a million and take it out of my final cut ? then I will happily send you my bank detail . sincerely , Carl . Carl then flip on persianwifefinder.com . a persian cartoon genie come onto the screen . persian cartoon genie sa'laam , Carl . you have sixty - five wink . Allah akbar . the screen be suddenly fill with picture of Persian woman . int . carl apartment - pre-dawn Carl 's alarm go off . Carl hit it and sit up . he grab he head and then run to the bathroom and throw up . ext . park - pre-dawn Renee , along with several other amateur photographer in sweat suit , have gather . they all have big camera around they neck . Carl walk up to they . he do not look good . carl good morning . 57 . renee wow . you look tired . carl well , it be five in the morning . renee mammal be mean to be up at dawn . it 's how we be build biologically . where 's you camera ? Carl realize he forget he camera . carl I think I would use my phone . Carl pull out he camera cell phone . renee awesome idea . so light . carl that 's what I think . renee let 's hit it . Renee , Carl and the group of amateur jogging photographer start jogging . Carl can barely keep up with they . renee ( cont would ) oooh , pretty . as she pass a flower , Renee snap a photo of it . ext . lake - dawn the group reach the lake as the sun rise . they all snap photo . Carl find himself snap photo on he camera . he accidentally snap one of Renee with the sun behind she . she look pretty in the photo . renee alright ! enough stand around ! Renee start jogging again . Carl start after she and then abruptly double over and throw up on the ground . Renee and the other jogging / photographer snap photo of he . 58 . int . cafe - morning Carl sit across from a iranian woman . iranian woman it be delightful meeting you , Carl . carl as it be meeting you farinoush . iranian woman although I must say I be surprised to discover that you be in no way Persian . nor be you six foot two . you should change that on you profile . carl will do . should I call you ? iranian woman sorry , I want a tall guy . the iranian woman leave , pass Lucy . lucy who be that ? carl farinoush Azzam . great girl , but I do not think we be right for each other . lucy how would you meet ? carl persianwifefinder.com . ( ignore she odd look ) let 's talk wedding shower . lucy so , I know it 's just a wedding shower , so who care really ? and it 's like so lame ? but I have make a appointment at a stationery store . be you go to totally kill I ? 59 . carl ( drip with sarcasm ) you kid ? I love stationery . Lucy get up . Carl follow she . he do not look happy . int . stationery store - later Lucy and Carl be look over a book of stationery with the stationery proprietess . Carl can not concentrate . stationery proprietess this one be nice . I especially love it in cream . lucy ooooh , pretty . what do you think ? carl look good to I . lucy ( sarcastic annoyance ) thanks for you opinion . stationery proprietess it 's always difficult to get the husband - to - be 's opinion . lucy ( derisive laughter ) I be not marrying he . carl I be just help throw the shower . stationery proprietess oh . what 's the party go to be like ? sometimes it help to know that before you pick a invitation . lucy nothing special . just hor d'oeuvre and wine . Carl , meanwhile , be look through the book of invitation . carl look at this -- bridal bingo . what 's bridal bingo ? 60 . stationery proprietess it 's bingo , except you yell out embarrassing fact about the bride and whoever fill they card first win . carl that sound fun . lucy I be not do bridal bingo . carl how about a calendar shower ? lucy can we concentrate at the task at hand ? carl do you even know what a calendar shower be ? maybe a calendar shower be awesome . stationery proprietess every guest get assign a month and bring a gift that the bride and groom can use during that month . lucy that 's kind of cute . carl I think that 's really cute . Carl 's start to get really into it . he turn the page and see a invitation decorate with animal label " Knights in White armor . " carl ( cont would ) look at this one -- " Knights in White armor . " stationery proprietess the bride and groom ride in on a white stallion . carl you have get to do that . like it 's not even a choice . 61 . lucy that seem a little extreme . carl you only get marry once . stationery proprietess you friend happen to be right . lucy you be really good at this . you mind help I with the wedding invitation ? int . southwest bank - loan desk Carl 's sit across from a arab guy at the loan desk . arab guy I love cell phone . I breathe cell phone . I own , myself , thirty - five cell phone . my brother be a idiot and he 's sell cell phone hand over fist . what do you have ? a nokia 9850 ? the arab guy go to grab Carl 's phone . he see the photo of Renee on the phone 's wallpaper . arab guy ( cont would ) oooh , pretty lady . Carl grab he phone back . carl how much do you need ? arab guy eighty five hundred . carl done . Carl stamp he form . CUT to a ten year old girl sitting with her silent mom : ten year old girl I be with my sister ? and we have this lemonade stand ? and we sell like a hundred cup of lemonade in two day ? and so I want to expand ? ( more ) 62 . ten year old girl ( cont would ) all I need be three thousand dollar ? Carl stamp she form . CUT to a jittery guy . jittery guy just give I the cash . carl you promise you will pay it back ? jittery guy basically . Carl stamp he form . norman come over . norman May I speak to you , Carl ? int . norman' office norman sit across from Carl . norman I know what you be do . carl what be I do ? norman you be loaning below we minimum . Carl do not know what to say . norman ( cont would ) you think I would not notice the paperwork ? I be not the regional manager because I ignore the detail . carl I be sorry , but it 's absurd that if you need a small amount of money you have to go to a loan shark . only rich people can pay back loan over ten grand . a bank 's job be not to just help the rich . it 's to help anyone with a dream achieve it . 63. norman I know . this microloan be pretty interesting . so I will you spearhead a little pilot program at the bank . carl thank you so much . norman if corporate find out , you be the one who 's get fire . so keep it quiet . Carl mime zipping up he mouth and throw away the key . quick cut of carl stamping lot of form rooney sit down across from Carl . carl what do you need a loan for ? rooney I do not . I be wonder if you be around tonight to help I move ? carl why do not you hire mover ? rooney because it 's cheaper to ask you . int . rooney' mom' house rooney and Carl be look at a fridge . rooney can you carry the fridge alone ? carl ( scare ) yes . moment later Carl be carry the fridge down the stair . he fall down the stair with the fridge . Carl look up at rooney who 's at the top of the stair . rooney you ok ? 64 . carl yes . do you want to help at all ? rooney I wish I could , but I hurt my back try to move that fridge . ext . rooney' mom' house Carl have put the last box into the move van . rooney and he mom be hugging . rooney' mom I be go to miss you , baby . rooney and I be go to miss you , mar . rooney' mom I can not watch you go . his mom go into she house . carl where be you move ? rooney look at Carl and smile . Carl 's eye go wide . music cue : " jump " by the pointer sister yes montage -- Carl 's take Korean . carl ( cont would ) ( in Korean ) [ what be the weather like in pyongy ? ] -- at Southwest Bank . norman we need a volunteer to think up local marketing idea Carl raise he hand . CUT to later Carl have put up sign on the bank window that say " Pet -a - puppy " day . there 's a box of puppy in the bank . customer be stream into the bank to pet puppy . 65 . -- we see Carl 's calendar fill up . -- a ton of different kind of credit card be popping through he mail slot . -- Carl 's take Spanish . carl ( in Spanish ) [ I like to drive with my mother . ] the door to the language center open . -- Carl walk towards work . he see the same group of flyer guy and duck down a alleyway . we now see that to avoid the flyer guy he use a series of alley and fire escape , crossing roof , even jump between two building so he can avoid be approach . -- at Southwest Bank . norman we need someone to be a weekend cashier . Carl 's hand shoot up . -- Carl walk out of a movie with a woman who 's in a head scarf . he awkwardly hug she . reveal that the movie they watch be saw III . -- Carl 's at the note sing along to Renee 's band 's song . he and the " jester " audience member do shot together . -- Carl 's walk around a florist shop with Lucy . she point to a small bouquet of white flower . Carl point to a giant heart - shape ice sculpture . -- we see Carl have to write in tiny letter on he calendar because it 's so full . -- at Southwest Bank . norman ( cont would ) we need a volunteer -- Carl 's hand shoot up . norman ( cont would ) -- to be in charge of day care . -- CUT to Carl with a bunch of kid . all the kid be fold brand new dollar bill into paper airplane 66 . -- CUT to Carl walk down the street , a big smile on he face , take everyone 's flier as per usual . he walk past a culty guy name tony who 's pass out book . tony do you want to change you life through mahayana Buddhism ? Carl take one of the book . tony ( cont would ) would you like to have tea and discuss ? carl I be kind of in a rush ... tony my place be right around the corner . int . tony's apartment - day Carl 's sit awkwardly on the floor across from tony . they be both drink tea . tony it be only through the four noble truth and the destruction of desire that we can end suffer . carl well , that 's really neat . ( awkward beat ) so , thanks for the book and the jasmine tea and the vegan curry , but I have to go -- tony do you like dionne Warwick ? tony flip on dionne Warwick 's " I say a Little prayer . " tony ( cont would ) now she have style . carl it be really great meeting you -- tony c'mon , Carl . shake you groove thang . 67 . tony pull Carl up . Carl start to awkwardly shake he groove thing . tony ( cont would ) I like big guy . carl I really have to go . tony grab Carl and kiss he full on the lip . tony want to go into my bedroom ? close in on Carl 's face . he look down on the " yes " that 's on he palm . carl ( very quiet ) yes . Carl and tony head into he bedroom . int . tony's bedroom carl do you have any candle ? I just love candle . tony sure . tony instantly pull out candle and light they . carl how about wine ? like a bottle of beaujolais ? tony I only have beaujolais nouveau . tony pull out a bottle of wine and two glass . tony go in to kiss Carl . carl I have herpes . tony upstair or downstairs ? carl downstair ? 68 . tony Front door or back door ? carl it 's a swinging door ! tony just give it ! tony push Carl down onto the bed . int . peter' law office Carl 's sit across from Peter in Peter 's fancy law office . they be each eat burger . peter what 's with the kitten ? pull back to reveal a kitten on Peter 's desk . carl I just adopt she . if you be interested , they be give they away in front of petco . peter I do not want a kitten . carl neither do I . peter' secretary Andy Solomon on line two . Peter pick up the phone . peter hey , asshole , we be not talk until you sign that goddamn contract . Peter hang up . peter ( cont would ) ( totally normal ) I speak to kath . I hear you meet she boyfriend , seb . carl seem like a nice guy . 69 . peter she be upset you go on she date . carl he ask I to join they . peter I think you be take this too far . carl I have no choice . I be a yes man . I must say yes . if seb ask I to join they on they date , I must . if some dude ask I for a loan I have to give it to they even if it 's clearly never go to be pay back . if a guy ask I into he bedroom , I must hook up with he . peter you hook up with a dude ? carl it 's like hook up with a strong woman . I honestly do not see what the big deal be . ( back on he yes rant ) I be guide by yes . yes have become my superpower . and let I tell , yes be turn out to be a pretty sweet deal . now if you will excuse I I be late for Korean class . peter you hate Korean food . carl that 's no reason to write off a entire , vibrant culture . see you later , buddy . Carl head off , the kitten under he arm . int . gallery Carl walk around a photography gallery . Renee 's photo be up . they be terrible photo , since they be take while she be jogging . they subject be blurry . some of they be half in the photo and half out . the feature photo be of Carl throw up on the ground . 70 . carl you really be display that . renee that 's probably my best photo ever . my collage be not bad . but personally , I think I excel at pottery . Renee point to a large , brown plate that look like poo . carl wow . that 's really big . how do you have time for all this stuff ? renee how do you have time to come to every one of my rock show even the one in fairfield county that be seventy - five mile from here ? I almost skip that one . carl you give I the flier , so I have to go . renee at first I think you be a weird stalker and I be scared . but now I think you be just a really shy dude with a crush . and while it 's be suspenseful to see when / if you would ask I out -- carl do you want to go out sometime ? renee yes , I would . carl by the way , I do other stuff besides follow you around . renee like what ? carl I take Korean . renee in that case , what do you say we do Korean ? 71 . int . korean restaurant - later Carl 's eat across from Renee . he can not stand the food . he grimace with every bite , but manage to choke it down . renee do you want any more squid hot pot ? it 's really good here . carl I think I be good . to have some more . Renee spoon a huge amount of squid onto both they plate . carl ( cont would ) so , all this art you create . what do you want to do with it ? renee what do you mean ? carl like , do you want to open a store ? renee where I can sell my photo and pottery ? of course not . they be terrible . Carl 's surprised that she know this . carl they be not terrible . renee yeah , they be awful . carl I think you be be hard on yourself -- renee I be not ask for sympathy . my voice be way too high - pitch , my pottery look like poo , and my photo be blurry and subjectless . but who give a shit ? not everything need a goal . the world be a playground . you know that as a kid but then somewhere along the way everyone forget . ( more ) 72 . renee ( cont would ) ( as if tell a secret ) besides , I can not open a store . my big master plan be to take a trip around the world . carl when ? like in a couple year ? renee I buy a ticket for four month from now . carl people always talk about that , but you be actually do it . renee honestly , I be terrify . ( then ) how about you ? do you like the bank ? carl it 's lame , but you know , it 's pretty funny . my boss norman always throw theme party . renee so if it 's lame why do you work there ? carl because ... it 's actually not lame . ( realizing ) I just give the answer I have automatically give for year . I be actually enjoy the bank for the first time maybe ever . I start this pilot program that give out microloan . renee what 's that ? carl like say you need three hundred buck to pay for paint so you can start a house painting business . Rather than pay a loan shark who charge you 300 % , now you can come to Southwest Bank . whatever . it 's kind of dorky . 73. renee that actually sound really cool . the waitress come over . renee ( cont would ) I be stuff . but I would love to wrap this up . carl ( in Korean , with subtitles ) [ we be very fat . but can I please have this food make mobile ? ] renee so , what do you say we hit this crazy party ? carl funny , not crazy . my boss be white noise . renee White noise ? carl you know , like totally boring . renee I do not know anyone who 's totally boring . crack a person 's shell -- there 's always something creepy underneath . int . norman' apartment - night norman open the door . he 's dress as the japanese character hiro from the show heroes . norman Carl ! welcome . or should I say , uerukamu ! renee what 's go on ? carl I would not bother . 74 . norman you do not tell she ? this be a dress - up as you favorite character from heroes . do you watch ? renee I currently do not have a television . norman stare at she . norman I do not know what to do with that information . there be drink , chip , dip , various and sundry noshes . I entreat you to make friend . let 's get this party start ! int . norman' apartment it 's very quiet . a couple people mill about . carl we do not have to stay long . renee it 's a party . let 's socialize . Carl and Renee walk up to a mousey girl . carl I be Carl . this be Renee . khatoon hey . I be khatoon . it 's complete silence . beat . khatoon ( cont would ) do I know you from somewhere ? carl I do not think so . khatoon be you list on persianwifefinder.com ? Renee laugh . Carl fake laugh with she . 75 . khatoon ( cont would ) seriously , though , be you ? carl so , how do you know norman ? khatoon karate Club . norman come in with more chip . there be now about ten time as many snack as guest . norman bake lay people ! it be on ! carl you be in a karate club ? int . norman' apartment everyone 's stand around norman . they have laid several piece of wood out over a coffee table . party guest norman ! norman ! norman ! norman karate chop the wood in half . the guest cheer . norman take a big bow . renee ( whisper to Carl ) told ya there be something weird under that white noise shell . Renee leave Carl . khatoon you be totally on persianwifefinder.com . sultancarl . Carl turn to norman . carl ( change the subject ) khatoon , norman ! you guy should spar ! khatoon and norman start to spar . Carl sit back , smile . jason , a cynical guy who 's slightly drunk , sidle up beside Carl . 76 . jason well , be not that cute ? we have get a full match on . hey , I be Jason . they shake hand . carl I be Carl . what do you do ? jason work for the INS . carl cool . jason I hate it . everyday I have to dash some poor guy 's dream . I be a professional dream dasher . carl it can not be that bad . jason the other day , I turn down a guy who have literally be a professor at the University of Cuba . flashback of jason's INS office Jason 's sit across from a cuban professor . cuban professor what ? but I have already live here for five year . I have receive a steady paycheck and pay tax for five year . I speak fluent English . I can not go back . jason I be sorry but no can do . cuban professor I have pass the citizenship test ten time . I bet you could not pass that test . jason you be probably right . cuban professor do you know the location of the Spanish - american war ? 77 . jason Spain ? cuban professor no . jason America ? cuban professor no . jason ( sarcastic ) spainerica ? cuban professor you be a insult to you country . back to the party . carl so do you let he in ? jason I send he back to Cuba . I send they all back . carl if you hate you job so much , why do you do it ? jason because I have to eat . carl ( to himself , in wonder ) you be a no man . jason Excuse I ? beat . Carl make a difficult decision . carl ( whispering ) I be not suppose to tell anyone this except for my yesponsor , but you can change you life . I have change mine . if I tell you how , will you promise not to tell anyone ? 78 . jason ( sarcastically whisper back ) yeah , sure , whatever . carl I say yes . to everything . say yes more . it 's that simple . Dramatic beat . Jason finish he drink . jason that 's the most retarded idea I have ever hear . Jason head off . Renee return . renee what do I miss ? carl ( thrown ) nothing . do you want to go ? int . carl apartment Carl and Renee walk into Carl 's apartment . ten kitten and puppy come run up to they as they enter . renee you work for the aspca ? carl I just love pet . this be Veronica , King George , Owen , Carl jr. , Carl the III , Carl iv , bubbles , greedo , cat 1 , cat 2 and cat 3 . at the end there , I get kind of bored of name they . they walk into Carl 's live room / bedroom . int . carl live room / bedroom the room be pile floor to ceiling with box . Renee start to go through the box . carl you do not need to do that . 79 . renee you have a lot of mexican viagra . carl I have a congenital heart thing it help . and it 's cheaper than the stuff that 's make here . renee you better not be a criminal . because one time I date this guy who jack car for a live and I do not enjoy live on the edge as much as I think I would . carl it 's cheaper to buy in bulk . be that a crime ? renee a hundred box of mexican prescription drug border on something vaguely criminal . beat . renee ( cont would ) well , be you go to make out with I or what ? carl yes . Carl grab Renee and start make out with she . they fall onto the bed . reveal rooney watch they . rooney you must be Renee . I have hear so much about you . can I watch ? Carl do not know what to say . before he have to say yes ... renee no , you can not watch . int . carl bedroom - later Renee and Carl lie next to each other . renee you know what I would love ? a massage . 80 . carl I give great massage . Carl start massage she . renee oooh . yeah . oooh , right there . Carl stop . renee ( cont would ) do not stop . Carl continue massage she . chyron : half hour later Carl 's still massage she . he stop . renee ( cont would ) can you please keep massage ? Carl start massage again . chyron : a hour later Carl 's massage . his hand be really cramping up . she 's asleep . he stop massage . renee ( cont would ) ( while asleep ) please keep massage , please ? Carl start massage again , wince while he do it . int . southwest bank - loan desk Carl 's sit across from a large man . Carl 's hand be like claw . a line of people wait to speak with he . carl how much do a schwinn cost ? large man Three hundred fifty three dollar . it will really help I get my one hour delivery business off the ground . I have try on foot . I only have a two mile radius . carl done and do . 81 . Carl stamp the package . norman come over to the loan desk . norman hey , the boy upstairs be here to speak with you . carl really ? because I have a thing at one ... norman he ask for you specifically . ixnay on the small loan - ay . Carl look over . he see the President ( from the beginning of the movie ) sit in the conference room . Carl get nervous . int . southwest bank - conference room Carl walk into the conference room . the bank president , CHRIS parker , motion to a seat . CHRIS parker Carl kendall ? I be Chris parker . President of Southwest Bank . carl I actually meet you when I be just a teller . CHRIS parker ( no recollection of it at all ) of course ! ( read from a binder ) Pet -a - puppy day . free cookie day . free half hour on the bank 's punch bag day . you have upped walk - in traffic by 35 % . not only that -- you have also take charge of corporate day care . I like a team player . Carl 's phone buzze . the caller id say lucy . carl thank you . 82. CHRIS parker but then I get suspicious . what drive a man in he mid to late thirty who 's still at the absolute lowest level of we corporate family ? generous helpfulness ? or raging revenge ? carl generous helpfulness ? CHRIS parker which be when I get the number from you loan desk . Carl turn white . Carl 's phone buzze again . the text say lucy : " where be you ? " carl uh huh . CHRIS parker you have give out over 682 below minimum loan . one of they be literally for fifteen dollar and eighty seven cent . carl Janice peabody 's ant farm rental business . CHRIS parker how do you explain yourself ? carl I have start a microloan project . I figure that if someone need less than ten grand why should they go to a loan shark when they can come to a legitimate banking institution ? CHRIS parker because the paperwork make any profit moot . unless you be raid we coffer . carl no . I would not do that . CHRIS parker I would if I could , so why would not you ? 83. Chris laugh . Carl laugh . Chris abruptly stop laugh . so do Carl . Carl 's phone buzze again . the text say lucy : " I thought we be meeting at one . please call back . " CHRIS parker ( cont would ) but then I look closer at the number . 85 % of the loan recipient have be pay they off accord to the bank 's schedule . not just that , but 72 % of that group have return as regular full loan customer . this be both a moneymaker and good for the community . that like never happen ! carl thank you . CHRIS parker you be the kind of person we want in corporate . we be take some client on a golf trip . you golf ? carl yes . CHRIS parker you free tomorrow ? carl yes . CHRIS parker of course you be . I better watch my back around you , Carl kendall . soon you will be take my job . see you on the link . Chris parker grab Carl 's hand and shake it . Carl run out of the office . ext . sugar dream bakery Carl run up to the bakery . Lucy 's outside . lucy what happen ? carl I be sorry -- bank meeting stuff . 84 . int . sugar dream bakery Lucy and Carl wander around a fancy bakery . lucy I have never hear of a wedding shower cake . carl you have to have one . modern bride call they a necessity . Carl 's phone ring . carl ( cont would ) sorry , luce . work stuff . ( sotto into phone ) yeah , I can definitely be at the blood bank in twenty minute . Carl hang up . Lucy suddenly start cry . carl ( cont would ) be you ok ? lucy I be sorry , it 's just you have be so great at all this while my husband - to - be have be completely absent . do you have time to grab a cup of tea ? int . department store tea room Carl and Lucy be each drink tea . the only other people in the tea room be group of woman . lucy be he scared to get marry ? be that why he do not care ? carl you know Peter . he 's a man 's man . he care , he just do not know how to show it . lucy you know how to show it . a wedding be a huge deal . I be so scared . 85 . carl you guy be perfect for each other . lucy I know that and yet I be still so scared . carl maybe if you be just honest with he about how you be feel it will be ok . lucy he can be just so close off . Carl 's phone ring . carl sorry , the bank , you know ? ( sotto into phone ) the ufo conference be tonight ? no , that 's fine , I will definitely be there . Carl hang up . carl ( cont would ) I be sorry . lucy you have be so good to I . I have really come to depend on you . I want to pay you back . carl not necessary . lucy Peter tell I you might have some disposable income this day . carl for some reason , the bank keep promote I . lucy if you want to look at some open house , I be happy to waive my fee . 86 . int . luxurious apartment - day Carl and Lucy walk into a luxurious apartment . gourmet kitchen , floor to ceiling window , giant media center . lucy so this be at the very top end of what you could probably afford . be you interested ? Carl hit a button . a giant television screen descend . carl yes . lucy be you sure ? I mean , this be the first place you have look -- carl yes . I have get to run . lucy I be look forward to meeting Renee tonight . carl what ? lucy we be all have dinner . tonight . remember ? carl right . of course . Carl run out . int . blood bank Carl give blood while on the phone . carl ( on the phone ) I just think if we be go to be roll out a no interest financing campaign we should commit hard . he check he watch . the nurse walk by . 87 . carl ( cont would ) ( cover the phone ) can you unhook I ? I have a really important meeting . nurse if you be interested in donate plasma , feel free to sign up . int . ufo conference Carl 's listen to a lecture . weird professor between 1996 and 2000 England 's Ministry of Defence pay security clear expert to research ufo . this classified study be code name Project condign . Carl 's phone ring . people look angrily at he . he stand and pass out in the aisle . ext . fancy restaurant Carl pull up and run inside . int . fancy restaurant his friend be all wait . Carl pull Renee aside . carl I be sorry I be late . renee that 's fine . it 's only the very first time I have meet you friend . carl it be work , it go crazy late . Carl take a breath . he 's about to pass out . renee what 's with the " they're out there " and " I gave " button ? reveal Carl 's sport button that say " they're out there " and " I gave . " 88. carl Long story . ( to the hostess ) miss , could I have a orange juice ? like fast ? int . fancy restaurant - night Renee , Carl , kath , seb , Peter and Lucy sit around a table at a nice restaurant . as per usual , Carl have several different meal in front of he . he also have a martini , a glass of water , and a glass of orange juice . Carl 's show off to he friend . as he show off , Renee look irritate . carl ( show off , to Peter ) you wife find I a really great place . built in bose surround sound , a 100 inch lcd flat screen tv , roof deck with jacuzzi . lucy least I could do . at least he 's involved with we wedding . peter ( ignore Lucy 's tone ) I likey you suit-ey . Hugo boss ? carl oh , this old thing ? prada , I think . renee you think ? we go to three different prada store to find the right fit . lucy what do yo do for a live , Renee ? renee I paint . I be in a band . I do volunteer work at a shelter . I teach esl . I do balloon animal art . you know , a little of this , a little of that . carl you should check out she pottery . it 's really big . 89 . renee it be big . how about you guy ? lucy Real estate broker . peter / kath / seb lawyer . quiet beat . the conversation 's not exactly flow easily . peter if you will excuse I . Peter leave . the waiter come over . waiter have you make a decision about the wine ? carl well , we be kind of in a celebratory mood . waiter in that case , may I suggest a 97 petit rothschild ? the waiter point at a wine that cost $ 400 a bottle . carl maybe we should wait for Peter to decide . lucy he do not know crap about wine . just pick one , Carl . Carl be sweat bullet . carl why not ? let 's celebrate . waiter with six people , I would recommend two bottle . int . fancy restaurant - later everyone 's drink the wine . Carl 's terrify of the bill . 90 . lucy do you rent or own ? renee I sublet . I have this corner of a loft . carl it 's a really nice corner though . lucy if you be ever interested in buy , you should ring I up . renee I hate own thing . because when you own something , you suddenly be invest in that thing not break . and I break everything . I have go through three tvs in three year . seb how do you break they ? renee I smashed one with a hammer , drop one off my roof and the third one just go on the fritz . so I set it on fire . Carl 's friend do not really know what to say . the check come . Carl grab it before anyone else can . it 's a $ 1500 bill . he drop several credit card down on the table . carl it 's on I ! ( quietly to the waiter ) I would like to split it between a advanta Blue Business , mastercard , a diner Club and my South dakota Bank Visa check card . ext . fancy restaurant Carl 's outside with Peter . peter Nice job with Renee . she 's definitely odd , but that 's not necessarily -- 91 . carl I just spend $ 1500 on dinner . peter what ? why ? carl because the waiter ask I if I want the expensive wine and you be not there to stop I ! peter do not get mad at I about it . you can just stop . carl no I can not . if I do not say yes to the band flier , I never would have meet Renee . if I have not say yes to take charge of bank day care and then yes to become a loan specialist and then yes to the president 's golf trip , I would not be move up . each yes lead to the next one . if I stop , it could all fall apart . peter you have go from a passive guy who always say no to a passive guy who always say yes . just say yes be not a legitimate life philosophy . carl I do not know why I should be take advice from a guy who 's wife be piss he 's not involved at all with the wedding plan . peter I be involved . carl you tell she you do not care whether the invite 's cream or ivory . peter I can not see the difference . ( open up ) honestly , I be terrify . 92 . carl what ? why ? peter it 's marriage , you know ? the biggest thing ever . carl but you guy have date for year . peter I know . carl you be perfect for each other . peter I know . carl she 's terrify too . peter really ? carl of course she be . I think you will both be a lot less terrify if you be terrify together . peter but what if I really can not tell the difference between ivory and cream ? do that make I a bad husband ? carl what matter be that you pretend you can see the difference . the girl and seb come out from the restaurant with they coat on . there 's a silent beat . girl ( high pitch goodby ) it be wonderful meeting you ! / I love it !/ let I know when you throw you next art thing ! everyone get into they car . Carl and Renee walk off . renee it be great meeting you friend . 93. carl they be a little stiff . beat . renee they be a little stiff . what do you feel like do ? carl I be actually go rollerblade with Ralph . renee Ralph ? carl you know , crazy rollerblade guitar man . renee the guy who play at the promenade ? carl any interest ? renee no . it 's ten on a Friday night . and that guy 's crazy . do not you want to go home and make out ? carl yes . int . carl apartment Carl and Renee be make while Carl surreptitiously check he watch . finally , Renee stop kissing he . renee ( annoyed ) just go . ext . STREET Carl and crazy rollerblading guitar man rollerblade down the street while guitar man play guitar . 94 . crazy rollerblading guitar man which be why the merman be not to be trust , especially with the fisherman 's computer brain . carl that be really good to know . crazy rollerblading guitar man you want to come see the merman ? carl ( reluctant ) yes . int . country club - day Carl dash in , cover in spot of paint . Chris appear . CHRIS parker what happen to you ? flashback : chyron : ten minute ago Carl 's play really intense , terrifying paintball with norman and rooney . back to now : carl I do this whole habitat for humanity thing . CHRIS parker I love the concept of charity . it 's awesome . a group of korean gentleman approach Carl and Chris . CHRIS parker ( cont would ) this be Carl kendall . this be jin Kim , joo - Chan Park , soo Lee and seung Kim . seung 's the ceo of Korean Bank International . the korean shake Carl 's hand . carl ( in Korean , with subtitles ) [ it be a honor to meet you . do you like America ? ] 95 . the korean all start speak Korean at Carl . Carl clearly do not understand what they be say . ext . country club Chris and Carl follow the korean . CHRIS parker you speak Korean ? carl just a little . CHRIS parker you sneaky devil . I know I should watch my back around you . carl be it a problem if I have never play golf before ? CHRIS parker you be a funny one , Carl kendall . remember , they have to win . in asian culture , there 's a concept call save face . you have to let they win . but if they smell for a second that you have not try you hardest , they will commit hari kari . carl metaphorically ? CHRIS parker who know ? it 's a delicate balance , kendall . like two little girl on a see see with a crocodile beneath they . make the wrong move , and the little girl will end up in the croc 's maw . ext . golf course Carl stand with the korean . seung Kim be speak very rapidly at Carl . Carl have no idea what he 's say . seung Kim laugh . Carl laugh along with he . Chris hit a beautiful shot . his ball land almost on the green . the korean notice and nervously chatter . Chris approach Carl . 96 . CHRIS parker alright , buddy . it 's all you . Carl grab a nine iron from the golf bag . everyone seem very impressed . CHRIS parker ( cont would ) you must have quite a powerful stroke . carl I do . seung kim ( in Korean , to Carl ) [ good luck , my friend . ] carl ( in Korean ) [ I shall need the luck . this be my first time play . ] seung Kim laugh . carl ( cont would ) ( under he breath ) why do everyone think I be joke ? Carl gingerly place the golf ball on the tee . he look towards the hole . carl ( cont would ) that 's really far . Carl line up he shot . he swing back , then forward , and plows the club into the grass , knock the ball off the tee . the ball roll down a slight incline rest just a couple foot from where Carl hit it . carl ( cont would ) ( in Korean , to seung Kim ) [ you be up , seung Kim . ] Carl walk back to where Chris be at . CHRIS parker what be that ? carl just keep they on they toe . reverse psychology . Tiger Woods do it . 97 . seung Kim raise he club back . he too dub it , drive the club deep into the grass . his ball roll just a couple foot past Carl . golf montage wherein carl and seung kim compete to not be the absolute worst golf player ever -- Carl hit the ball straight into a group of tree . -- seung Kim , stand right in front of a pond , delicately tap he ball right into the pond . -- Carl keep divoting the grass . he divot so many time that he have to move the ball out of the hole 's he 's accidentally dig . -- seung Kim hit he ball out of the sand trap . it roll back in . he try again . it roll back in . he 's about to try again when Carl pick up he ball and toss it over the lip of the sand trap . Carl hold he finger up to he lip : " shhh . " -- Carl 's about to hit the ball when he phone ring . he answer it . carl ( cont would ) of course not . the other golfer look really impatient . carl ( cont would ) male . ( beat ) apartment . ( beat ) I prefer light beer . ( beat ) Three to five time a week . ( beat ) Orlando . Carl hold up he finger . only one moment . -- it 's get late . now both Carl and seung Kim be hit they ball at once to save time . they be both run and hack at they ball across the fairway as if they be play a derange game of field hockey . ext . golf course - early evening Carl be count up the score . 98 . carl Chris , you hit a 90 . Nice one . CHRIS parker I bogy the fifth hole . I be still piss about that . carl joo - Chan hit a 95 . Nice work . as for seung Kim . you hit 453 . seung glower at Carl . carl ( cont would ) and as for I , I hit ... ( do some computation ) ... 503 . seung kim yes ! seung Kim pump he fist . carl I be sorry to say that team Korean Bank International have win . seung Kim slap five with he compatriot . int . country club - post golf Carl , Chris and the korean be all hang out . Carl be alone in the corner of the conference hall . a pretty female korean banker approach Carl . pretty korean banker ( in Korean ) [ you be quite the golfer . ] carl ( in Korean ) [ I golf from crotch noodle . ] beat . she laugh . he laugh along with she . pretty korean banker ( in Korean ) [ I have a business proposition for you . my marriage be not a happy one . I often find my need be leave unsatisfy . ] 99 . carl ( in Korean ) [ I agree . the weather be sunny . ] pretty korean banker ( in Korean ) [ I wish that be so . ] ( in English ) kiss I ? please ? Carl do not know what to do . carl ( nervously ) yes . she kiss he passionately . Carl break away from the kiss . pretty korean banker be I not sexy ? have you not hear of save face ? carl you be very sexy . Carl and the Korean banker kiss more . Carl look guilty . ext . country club Carl 's shaking hand with the Korean Bank Representatives . Chris shake Carl 's hand . CHRIS parker I be promote you to bank manager . ( pull Carl close ) I have get my eye on you , boy . do not you forget it . Chris laugh . Carl nervously laugh along with he . the pretty Korean banker walk by and wave at he . Carl wave back . he look very guilty . int . pottery studio Carl walk into the pottery studio , look guilty . Renee be make a giant piece of pottery . renee what 's up , chicken butt ? ( off he guilty look ) ( more ) 100 . renee ( cont would ) be you ok ? do everything go ok at golf ? Carl consider whether he should say anything about the kiss . carl I just get promote to bank manager . renee congratulation ! Renee kiss Carl . renee ( cont would ) oooh , we should do some sexy pottery . like you can rub the clay all over I . carl ok . Carl go to grab some clay . renee I be kid . not as sexy as it seem . it get in like everywhere . ( awkward beat ) what should we do to celebrate ? carl have dinner ? renee how about Korean ? oh , no , you probably already have some today . carl ( nervously ) no , we just have american food , american fare . renee you have just be so busy -- it would be fun to have a night just the two of we . I wish we could just go to the airport and hop on the first flight outta here . Carl 's eye light up . carl yes . 101 . int . airport - ticket counter Renee and Carl be in line at the tickete counter . renee ( with a English accent ) I think we be go to London . carl ( with a Spanish accent ) oaxaca , senorita . renee ( with a Russian accent ) Moscow , Russia , comrade . carl ( with a unidentifiable accent ) Singapore . renee what be that ? carl my singaporean accent . pretty good , right ? they get to the front of the line . carl ( cont would ) ( proudly ) we want two ticket on the next plane out of here . airline rep two ticket to ... lincoln , nebraska . have a good time . Carl and Renee take the ticket . carl ( act positive ) lincoln , nebraska ! here we come , baby ! airline rep that will be twelve hundred and thirty three dollar . renee maybe we should not do this . 102 . carl I have be promote . I have get money to burn . Carl nervously hand the airline rep he credit card . int . airport - outside security Carl 's walk towards security when he run into tony , the homosexual guy he hook up with . tony 's hand out he book . tony do you want to change you life through mahayana Buddhism ? Carl take one of the book . tony ( cont would ) Carl ? Carl realize who he be . suddenly they be in the middle of a awkward ex- lover interaction . carl tony . tony how have you be ? you ... never call . carl I be sorry . I have be busy . tony yeah , well , I have be busy too . Renee come up and grab Carl 's arm . renee hey , who 's you friend ? tony look at Renee and realize that she 's Carl 's girlfriend . renee ( cont would ) I be Renee . tony I be tony . I be a old , close friend of Carl 's . 103 . announcer Flight 2036 to lincoln , nebraska , now board . carl that 's we flight . we should probably get go . renee it be nice meeting you . carl see you soon . tony ( drip with bitterness ) have fun . you abigail . Carl and Renee head off . int . plane Renee and Carl have the aisle and window on the plane . a young woman come up to Carl . young woman hi , there . would you mind switch place with I ? I want to be across the aisle from my mom . her mom be indeed across from Carl . renee we be actually fly together . young woman it would really mean a great deal . she 's very scared of fly . carl where 's you seat ? the young woman point at she seat . it 's a couple row up in the middle . her middle seat 's bookended by a mom with a scream baby and a enormous man . carl ( cont would ) this be a aisle . that 's a middle . Renee look at Carl like , why will not you just refuse ? 104 . mom I be really scared of fly . CUT to moment later Carl between the cry baby and the enormous man . Renee turn and wave to he from a couple row up . Carl put on a saccharin smile and wave back . int . lincoln airport - later Carl and Renee be in the airport . renee so , now that we be here , what should we do ? carl well , clearly we should go there . Carl point to a advertisement for a telephone museum : " come to the Frank H. Woods telephone Pioneer Museum . " int . frank H. wood telephone pioneer museum Carl and Renee be look at mannequin of nineteenth century switchboard operator . it 's incredibly quiet . carl I have no idea that the earliest switchboard operator headsets weigh ten and a half pound . that be fascinating . renee it be ? carl not at all . Renee laugh . a elderly tour guide dress as a telephone operator approach . elderly tour guide ( in character ) I will connect you to the coast in a instant with Alexander Graham Bell 's brand new invention -- the telephone ! just a haypenny per ten minute . ( out of character ) ( more ) 105 . elderly tour guide ( cont would ) this place be boring as shit . check out the lester f. larsen tractor test &amp ; power Museum . now that 's a attraction . ask for billy . she hand Carl a brochure . ext . lester f. larsen tractor test and power museum Carl and Renee stand outside . renee we do not have to do this . carl we be here . we might as well . ext . field - moment later Carl and Renee ride a tractor . Renee 's take photo as they bump over the field . carl this be awesome ! tractor driver want I to OPEN this sucker up ? carl / renee yes ! the driver turn up the speed . they be suddenly go crazy fast . tractor driver take the wheel ! feel the power of JOHN deere ! Carl take the wheel . the tractor immediately get away from he . they swerve straight and crash through the wall of a old barn . the driver kill the engine . Renee , Carl and the Driver catch they breath . carl there 's , uhh , no power steering . tractor driver it 's a tractor , not a Toyota . carl I be sorry about the barn . 106 . tractor driver be meaning to tear this sucker down anyway . ext . antelope park and sunken garden Carl and Renee walk around a surprisingly pretty city park . renee I think I might have whiplash from that tractor ride . carl just do not sue I . renee watch you back , Carl . I mean it . I be very litigious . carl this day have be so randomly incredible . renee would you ... want to ... travel around the world with I ? ( then ) I mean , I know we have not really be see each other for that long , but I do not know ... carl yes . renee yes ? carl definitely . renee I think I be fall , you know ... be you ... ? carl yes . they kiss . renee before we flight , what do you say we grab a couple nebraskan steak ? 107 . carl I be definitely fall for you . int . lincoln airport Carl 's sit in the lounge at the lincoln Airport . a old woman come up to he . old woman Excuse I . would you mind bring this to my son ? the Old woman hand Carl a unmarked , shady - looking package . carl like you want I to bring it with I ? on the plane ? old woman fedex be so expensive and this need to get to he today . carl ( very nervous ) yeah . sure . I would be happy to . old woman he 's a tall , blond fellow name sheldon winkleton . he will be hold a sign in the terminal with he name on it . you be a dear . the Old woman shuffles off . Carl look at the box . Renee return . renee I get US weekly , Star and , for a little culture , the National Enquirer . carl National Enquirer ? renee they have movie review . what 's in the package ? carl just a gift for some buddy back home . 108 . int . airport - security Carl walk through security . he put the package on the conveyor belt . they do not notice anything odd . int . plane Carl and Renee sit next to each other on the plane . renee I be sorry , I have to go to the bathroom . Renee head to the bathroom . Carl take the package out from under the seat in front of he . he start to breathe really hard . he very gingerly open the package . he pull back the pack peanut revealing ... a box of homemade chocolate . Carl breathes a sigh of relief . int . airport Carl and Renee walk off the plane , Carl carry the package under he arm . Carl see a tall blond guy hold a sign that say " sheldon winkleton . " he head towards the guy but before he can several dea agent with adorable , drug sniffing dog surround Carl . the dog start barking like mad . dea agent put the package down ! put it down ! Carl look up to see " sheldon " walking swiftly out the sliding door of the airport . dea agent ( cont would ) get on the ground ! both of you ! the dea agent kick the box open . chocolate spill out over the ground . they crack open the chocolate to reveal tiny baggies of cocaine . renee what the hell be that ? carl I do not know ! as Carl be drag out by the cop , he pass tony , stand near the exit , shaking he head . 109 . int . jail - interrogation room Carl 's sit across from two dea Agents , good cop Bob and bad cop Bob . good cop bob I be bob. bad cop bob and I be bob. Carl can not help but laugh . bad cop bob ( cont would ) do you find that funny ? Carl see he hand with " yes " on it . carl yes . I be sorry . just let the girl go . she do not know anything . bad cop bob we will see about that , Carl . carl some old lady give I a package in the lincoln airport to deliver to she son , sheldon winkleton . that be really stupid of I and I realize that now . I do not know anything about anything . good cop bob just answer a few question and I be sure we will get this all sort out . have you ever use illegal drug ? Carl stare at they . he should probably lie ... carl yes . good cop bob pot ? carl yes . but that 's all . bad cop bob how about shroom ? 110 . Carl nod . carl but that 's the only bad shit I have do . I swear . bad cop bob never cheat on a girlfriend ? carl ( weeping ) yes , I have . but I be in high school . I be a mess . she have cheat on I -- the bad cop slam he fist down on the table . bad cop bob you disgust I . the good cop restrain the bad cop . int . jail - outside the interrogation room the two cop discuss Carl . we see Carl freaking out through the one - way mirror behind they as they talk . good cop bob he 's a moron . but I think he 's tell the truth . bad cop bob I agree . no one ever admit to the cheating question . ext . police station Carl 's sit on the step . Renee come out of the station . renee what the hell happen ? carl I can explain . renee so explain . be you a drug smuggler ? 111 . carl look , when the nice lady ask I to take they on the plane , I think they be chocolate . renee you expect I to believe a nice lady ask you to bring chocolate on a plane ? carl I know how it sound . renee I do not think you do . Carl just look at she . renee ( cont would ) if you can not be honest with I , then you and the nice lady can have a fun life in candyland . Renee start off . carl wait ! I will explain better . she turn back around . int . coffee shop Carl sit across from Renee . renee so you have just be say yes to everything . carl yes. ( then ) pardon the pun . renee oh. carl see ? do you get it now ? it 's nothing , just a glitch really . 112 . renee I think we have so much in common but if you just yes to everything I do not know that we do . how do I know if you even like Korean food ? beat . carl I do not . renee do you even want to travel around the world at all or do you want to work at that bank and buy a lot of prada suit ? carl ( confuse ) yes . and yes . something register in Renee . renee when I ask if you be fall for I all you say be yes . she rise , shaking she head , and head for the door . carl it be not a lie . renee yes . it be . int . blood bank Carl 's strapped to a giant plasma donation machine . it 's horrifying . as he donate plasma , he could not look more depressed . nurse it will be over soon . carl I do not care . just take it all . int . southwest bank corporate office Carl stumble into the lounge outside Chris 's office . 113 . secretary Chris will be with you in a moment . would you like something to drink ? int . CHRIS parker' office - day Carl walk into Chris 's office carry a cup of coffee a diet Coke , and a bottle of water . CHRIS parker so I get a call from the police department . carl I be not a drug dealer -- Chris close the door to he office . CHRIS parker I spend a couple year in prison myself . so I backdate some stock option . Excuse I for try to help we bottom line , right ? carl you get to do what you get to do to help Mr. and Mrs. shareholder . CHRIS parker we be they slave . carl totally . CHRIS parker honestly , I prefer for all my top guy to have be in the Big House . we have all eat the slop . there 's a trust there you can not break . Chris hold out he hand . CHRIS parker ( cont would ) so , what do you say to be a vp and expand you microloan program bankwide ? carl ( surprised ) yes . Carl shake Chris 's hand . 114 . int . carl new office Carl 's office have view of other corporate park . despite the fancy dig , Carl 's depressed . Chris poke he head in . Carl 's on the phone . carl ( on the phone ) that 's right , we be drop the minimum loan to one dollar , bank - wide . CHRIS parker could you look through this number and let I know which of we five branch have be lag behind in profit ? Chris dump a folder on Carl 's desk . carl I think I be just implement the microloan program . CHRIS parker you be a vp , buddy . you do it all now . int . pottery studio Carl 's take a pottery lesson . he be sadly go through the motion of make a pot . he check he watch and depart , leave the unfinish pot spin on the pottery wheel . int . southwest bank corporate office the vps be sit around the board room . Carl come in , late , still cover in clay . carl sorry about that . CHRIS parker Carl , I be glad you could join we . so , to keep you all update , we should be merge with Korean Bank International within the year . everyone clap . 115 . CHRIS parker ( cont would ) as per we argument with kbi , we will be shoring up we bottom line . Carl kendall 's do we the honor of draw up a preliminary list of the branch that be on the chopping block . Nice work , Carl . Carl look horrify . int . CHRIS parker' office Carl 's in the middle of a heat discussion with Chris . carl you can not close the maple branch ! CHRIS parker I know that maple 's where you get you start , but if I do not lay that people off then I get laid off . it 's a vicious cycle . carl you do not have to if you do not want to . CHRIS parker ( deadly serious ) if we do not close this branch than kbi will buy we competitor instead of we and put we all out of business . if you want to be a executive and get to do fun stuff like you microloan project , then you also have to be the bad guy who lay people off . that 's why we get pay the big buck . to make the hard decision . int . carl apartment norman 's cry . rooney 's get work up . norman the bank 's all I have get . every morning I restock the hard candy , polish the safe , write today 's interest rate on the board . 116 . carl there be other bank . rooney we have to protest the merger . get some grassroot action go . grass look weak , but it grow everywhere . carl you do not even work at the bank . norman you should protest with we ! rooney yeah ! protest with you employee ! it will only make you more popular ! ext . southwest bank corporate office Southwest Bank employee and Carl stand in a picket line outside the corporate office . employees Hell no ! we will not go ! Hell no ! we will not go ! Chris get out of he car and head to the office . Carl hide he face from Chris so that Chris will not recognize he . rooney throw a rock at he . norman yeah , throw a rock ! Carl grab a rock and very delicately lobs it in Chris 's direction . he then take off running in the opposite direction . he then circle around and run into the back entrance of the bank . int . southwest bank corporate office we follow Carl as he run up the service entrance to the corporate office . 117 . int . carl new office Carl then run into he office and sit down at the desk . he 's cover in sweat and be breathe heavily . Chris poke he head in . CHRIS parker some asshole protestor throw a rock at my head . carl that dick . CHRIS parker I wish use hose be not such bad pr . Chris leave he office . int . peter' law office Carl sit across from Peter . carl I think I make a mistake let Renee go like that . what if I be suppose to go on that trip ? peter you own a apartment because of that job . people do not generally leave good job . carl but the bank do not feel right ... Peter 's phone ring . Peter pick it up . peter hey , honey . I think we should go with the tulip . I know rose be more romantic , but they be also much more clichd . Babe , can you wait a second ? ( cover the phone ) I be go to be on for a while . ask you guru . he 's the one who send you on this retarded quest in the first place . 118 . int . marriott conference CENTER sanji 's signing book . Carl get to the front of the line . carl hi , sanji . I be carl. kendall . sanji ( no memory of Carl ) of course ! would you like to purchase my new book , " the power of yes : life be yessy " ? carl actually , I have a question for you ... sanji well , this line be for book customer only . int . marriott coffee shop - later sanji 's eat by himself . Carl come up to he . carl I be sorry to bother you again -- sanji can not you see that I be eat ? carl I have a really important question . I have to choose between travel around the world with a girl I be really into or choose a job that will make I pretty well off . I do not know which yes to take . sanji how well off ? carl I do not know why that 's important . sanji I should know all the data . carl a lot , ok ? 119 . sanji this be what I recommend . every winter , I throw a two week long seminar in aspen . it 's only ten grand a week and it will open you mind up -- carl I do not want to go to a seminar . I just need help with this question . sanji for you , eight grand a week . I have help celebrity like cher and Jack Welch . you will love it -- carl ( realizing ) you be a total con artist . sanji I be not a con artist . have I not set you on the life path you desire ? carl ( panicking ) I have put my life into the hand of a con artist ! and because of you I have this retarded yes brand on my hand for life ! ( yell to the restaurant ) this man be a con artist ! do not listen to this man ! he be a con artist ! Carl run out of the restaurant . int . carl apartment Carl return home . rooney 's on the couch , wear a headset play Xbox live . rooney ( into the headset ) you be dead , analdestroyer 832 ! Carl pull the x box cord out of the law . carl out ! 120 . rooney what ? why ? carl you have sleep on my couch for four week . you be a grow man . now sack up and get the hell out of here . rooney will you let I stay here please ? carl be you deaf ? rooney you have to say yes if I ask you . carl you know ? rooney I may not seem like I get it , but I get everything . Lucy and kath ? make out one time in the bathroom at rudy 's . carl get the hell out of here . int . carl live room / bedroom Carl 's in front of he computer . there be a bunch of email sell viagra . he angrily delete they all . he get a letter from the King of Nigeria . nigerian king ( v.o. ) dear Carl , it be vitally important you send I you bank account information . the government will be close in on my account in the very near future . you good friend , Omar , former King of Nigeria . Carl start type fast . as Carl write the follow email , we cut of he throwing away the box of STUFF he bought over the internet and giving away the six kitten he got to the aspca . 121 . carl ( v.o. ) Omar , let 's cut the crap . you be not a king . you be probably just a teenage con artist jerk off somewhere in Russia . write I again and I will find you and beat you stupid lie face in . dick. sincerely , Carl kendall . Carl angrily flip off he computer . int . carl apartment - night close on the alarm . his alarm go off . Carl hit it off . it 's now daytime . int . carl apartment - day Carl get dress . he put on he suit and tie . his apartment be noticeably nicer than the last time we see it . ext . STREET Carl drive down the street in a fancy car . he pull into dunkin donut . he get out of the car and pass a guy hand out flier . flier guy you want to pawn -- carl no . Carl walk into dunkin donut . int . dunkin donut the dunkin donut cashier hand Carl he coffee . dunkin donut cashier would you like a -- carl no . Carl hand the cashier the money . 122 . int . carl new office Carl sit in he office . Lucy walk in . carl hey , luce . what be you do all the way over here ? lucy it 's be hard to reach you . carl I have be a little swamp . lucy everything ok ? carl yeah . thing be great . lucy I be wonder when you want to meet with the florist . carl sorry , but I be too busy this day . do not have time to help with the party anymore . good luck . lucy you be just stop , just like that ? carl I be not the one marrying you . maybe you should ask he for some help . lucy he be help . here I be think we be actual friend . Lucy leave , upset . Carl do not move . int . southwest bank corporate office - conference room Carl , Chris and the other vps sit around the conference table . 123 . CHRIS parker ( with great importance ) what be the best way for we to enter the teenage credit card market ? vp give away a free ipod . CHRIS parker yes . another vp include one with can of Mountain Dew code Red . CHRIS parker Nice . anyone else ? Carl ? carl have you guy think that teenager do not have the financial knowhow to use a credit card ? CHRIS parker that 's why they be such a ripe market . any idea on how to pick that low hang fruit ? carl include a mastercard with every x box . CHRIS parker I like that . I like that a lot . Chris slap five with Carl . CHRIS parker ( cont would ) now remember , tomorrow 's we official merger ceremony with kbi . so wear you nice suit . I be talk to you , feldman . all the vps laugh . Carl fake laugh along with they . int . carl apartment Carl get home . he hit play on he answer machine . 124 . peter ( v.o. ) ( over the answer machine ) hey , Carl . Peter here . Long time no see . sorry to hear you will not be plan we engagement party . although I guess that make you less gay than I think you be . we will be watch the game at rudy 's tonight , if you be interested . Carl delete the message . he flip on survivor and start to absentmindedly sort through he mail . he throw away junkmail until he get to a postcard that catch he eye . he read the postcard . jason ( v.o. ) dear Carl . I know this be kind of random , but I think I should write you . we meet at that party at norman 's apartment . I be the INS guy who hate he life and hate you . I just want to tell you that I take you advice . I quit my job and have found a home in botswana for elderly orangutan . I have never be happier . you tell I to say " yes " and it have turn out to be incredible . thank you . your truly , Jason newmark Carl turn over the post card . on the cover of the card be a picture a orangutan . int . carl apartment Carl 's alarm go off . he open he eye . he 's propped the post card up next to he alarm clock . the orangutan seem to be stare into he soul . int . carl new office Carl 's write a list of name . the post card lie on the desk nearby . his secretary pop she head in . carl secretary the executive be gather in the conference room to officially greet the kbi official . ( more ) 125 . carl secretary ( cont would ) ( be : the post card ) cute gorilla . carl it 's a elderly orangutan actually . ( hand she the list ) could you please call everyone on this list and tell they to show up at rudy 's bar &amp ; Grille this evening at 9 pm ? carl secretary will do . Carl start to head out and then turn around . carl I just want to say , it be really great have you as my first secretary . carl secretary you be not fire I , be you ? carl I do not think I be go to be work here much longer . int . southwest bank - conference room Carl walk into the crowded room . Korean executive and Southwest Bank executive mingle . Carl head towards Chris . carl I need to talk to you . CHRIS parker and I need to talk to you . you mind do a little ceremonial translate ? carl I do not know if I be good enough at Korean -- CHRIS parker believe in yourself and the world believe in you . seung see Carl and bow to he . Carl bow back . the pretty Korean banker see Carl and coquettishly wave to he . Chris tap the microphone . the crowd sit down . 126 . CHRIS parker ( cont would ) I would like to welcome we new partner into the Southwest family . Chris nod to Carl . carl ( in Korean , with subtitles ) [ welcome . you will be my partner . ] seung kim ( in Korean ) [ thank you . ] CHRIS parker kbi be the at the forefront of the financial world . with you help , Southwest will be as well . Carl take a beat . Chris look at he , expectantly . carl ( in Korean , with subtitles ) [ he say that you be a son of a dog and like to have the dirty sex . ] seung kim ( in Korean ) [ what ? ] CHRIS parker we look forward to work together and extend we reach across the globe . carl ( in Korean , with subtitles ) [ he say in Korea you poop on the ground and that here you can not poop on the ground . ] seung kim ( in Korean ) [ that be factually inaccurate ] carl ( in Korean ) [ I know . but it 's what the bigot believe . ] 127 . CHRIS parker so with this hand shake , I make official the acquisition of Southwest by Korean Bank International . Chris hold out he hand . carl ( in Korean ) [ although you have poop on you hand , I be willing to shake it so I can steal all you money , you stupid Korean . ] seung kim no . CHRIS parker Excuse I ? seung kim ( perfect English with a british accent ) we have a traitor in we midst . this man just call I a son of a dog and inform I that my hand be cover in fecal matter . he be clearly try to sabotage the merger . carl you speak English ? seung kim you think a international bank financier would not speak fluent English ? for whom do you work , traitor ? shanghai Bank ? chinatrust ? carl for myself . seung kim Fine . keep it secret . unfortunately , I cannot approve a merger with a company so incompetent as to have a business saboteur this high up . good day . seung Kim walk out , follow by all he employee . before Chris can say anything ... 128. carl I quit . Carl leave . int . rudy be - night Peter , Lucy , rooney , norman , tony , loan recipient , several Persian woman -- all of Carl 's friend along with everyone that he 's meet on he yes journey have gather at rudy 's . peter why do he want we here ? lucy I have no idea . kath and seb walk in . kath ( to Lucy ) you guy get the call as well ? pan over to rooney stand alone . farinoush , the Persian woman , walk over to he . iranian woman I be farinoush . rooney I be rooney . iranian woman you be tall . just then the light go down . music cue : Rocky theme . carl ( over the loudspeaker ) announce the pend marriage of Peter carlton and Lucy giuliano ! Carl ride into the bar on a white stallion as white balloon fall from the rafter . Carl jump off the horse , and put a crown on Peter 's and a tiara on Lucy 's . carl ( cont would ) congratulation on you engagement ! 129 . peter wow . there 's a horse in here . lucy who be all this people ? carl I do not have much time to throw this together . I get a stallion , do not I ? lucy thanks , Carl . music cue : the Black - eyed pea " my hump " Lucy kiss Carl on the cheek . everyone start dance . ext . rudy be Carl 's stand outside . Peter come outside . he 's drunk and be still wear the crown . peter what be you do out here ? Carl hand Peter a set of key . carl I entrust you to sell all my shit . peter what be you talk about ? a cab pull up . Peter realize Carl 's leave . peter ( cont would ) say hello to she when you see she . where be she by the way ? ext . windy STREET in bangkok - day Carl 's in a tuk tuk be drive at breakneck speed down the windy street of bangkok . music cue : abba 's " one night in bangkok " 130 . ext . bangkok roof bar - night Carl get up to the roof . Renee 's look out over bangkok . he tap she on the shoulder . she turn . renee what be you do here ? carl yes . renee I do not ask you a question . carl well , if you do that 's what my answer will be . renee be you here because you want to be here ? carl I just fly twenty - two hour . what do you think ? now can I please kiss you ? Renee nod . they kiss . int . carl microloan office chyron : some time later Carl have set up a makeshift loan office . he 's sit across from a young thai man . young thai man ( in thai , with subtitles ) [ I need ten thousand bhat to get my first tuk tuk . if I get a tuk tuk I no longer have to mop the ping pong show floor and clean the snake . ] carl ( in thai , with subtitles ) [ what snake ? ] young thai man ( in thai , with subtitles ) [ you do not want to know . ] 131 . pull back to reveal that norman sit at the table next to Carl work with a old thai man . norman ( in thai , with subtitles ) [ you guy do not have heroes ? I do not know you , but I think you would love it .] old thai man ( in thai , with subtitles ) [ if I like it will you give I money to fix my fishing boat ? ] epilogue : ext . nigerian palace chyron : makurdi , Nigeria Carl and Renee get out a dusty minivan . a dirty , rundown palace rise before they . Carl head to the front door and hit the buzzer . a guard with a machine gun open up . machine gun guard what do you want ? carl I be here to see Omar . the former King of Nigeria . omar , the former king of nigeria , a large , boisterous man , come up from behind the guard . omar , former king of nigeria be that Carl kendall ? carl Omar ! it 's wonderful to meet you in person Carl and Omar hug . omar , former king of nigeria and this must be Renee ? what a delight ! Omar bend on one knee and kiss Renee on the hand . renee thank you , you majesty . omar , former king of nigeria please , call I Omar . 132 . carl I be sorry for call you a masturbatory Russian teenager . omar , former king of nigeria Water under the bridge . what do you say to have a feast ? Carl , Omar , Renee and the guard go into Omar 's palace . the door close behind they . the end