you be never really here . screenplay by lynne ramsay base on the novella by Jonathan Ames goldenrod revision : 8.29.16 GREEN revision : 8.24.16 yellow revision : 8.17.16 pink revision : 8.5.16 blue revision : 7.25. 16 white shoot script : 7.14.16 int . title sequence 1 Close -up : a adult man 's mouth under water ( Joe ) . he gulp in water . e.c.u : a clear plastic bag , fill with air , stretch smooth . the inside surface mist - droplet of moisture form - break into miniature rivulet ... o.s. the whisper of a boy 's voice ( Young Joe ) count down - '' ...1001 , 1000 , 999 , 998 , 997 ... " with a sharp inhale the clear plastic invert . the face of a man ( Joe ) as the bag be suddenly suck hard onto he skin , distorting he feature into a inhuman mask . o.s . the boy 's count suspend . the faint beat of a pulse rise to replace it . the man exhales . the bag balloon again , clouding with he breath . the man breathes again , slowly , the plastic bag balloon and invert . o.s . the boy 's monotone whisper resume - '' ...996 , 995 , 994 ... " the man never blink beneath the plastic , eye unsee , its rise and fall around he mouth and nose the only sign of life . title end . int . HOTEL room , cincinnati - night 2 montage - glimpsis of a methodical process . camera tight , sound heighten ... a girl 's face , fill the frame - a passport style photograph ... ... 16 - year -old , smile , a hint of lip gloss and eye shadow , lightly Latin feature . the image appear to dance and flicker with a inner light . slowly at first the picture darken , then rapidly distort and blacken . with a hiss fire and smoke erupt through the girl face as the photograph curl up in flame . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 1a . wider : the burn shard of photograph drop into a small metal trash can . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 2 . the rise smoke be staunched with a heavy bound book dumped onto the rim of the trash can - holy bible quick cut : a man 's hand , pries open a cell phone - pink case , appliqué plastic gemstone , dangle charm - remove the battery and SIM card . large tacky gold earring slide into a zip - lock plastic bag . a cheap gold necklace follow ; the pendant read ' sandy 's . the bag be seal . the hand hold open a white plastic laundry bag . item laid out on the bed be — scoop into the bag one by one :- a baseball cap ... a roll of silver duct tape ... a bundle of heavy duty black plastic zip tie ... close on : a ceiling smoke detector as the condom that have be stretch over it be pull free . the blacken scrap from the trash can be shake into the laundry bag . a flip form prepay cell phone as it strain between glove hand . with a crack the hinge shatter . the two halve go into the laundry bag . a ball peen hammer , lie the length of a bathroom hand towel . fresh blood on its head . the hammer be wipe with the towel and both item drop into the laundry bag . the bag be close tight . int . HOTEL corridor , 2nd floor , cincinnati - night 3 low angle on the man 's torso as he emerge , the laundry bag dangle at he hip . close on the bag as he make he way stealthily down the dingy corridor . rounding a corner a woman hone into view . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 3 . the man hang back . with she back to he the woman tweak down the hem of she barely there skirt , then strut away to the wait elevator . CUT to : a hotel clean service trolley , leave by the door to the service stairwell . the man dump the bag in the trash and slip through the door . int . HOTEL lobby , cincinnati - night 4 the check - in desk be unmanned . o.s. the 10 o’clock headline on wkrc local 12 news . the man move silently from the stairwell fire door , he head shroud by he jacket hood . a portable tv flicker in a back room - a glimpse of the fat belly of the receptionist in front of it as the man glide past ... he stop short of the glass door lead into the street as a police cruiser 's light kick in outside . head down , he pause to one side of the door , he back press against the wall . the man 's view : through the door be a sliver of street activity - the Police cruiser idle 20 yard from the Hotel as cop on the sidewalk size up the local dregs . the Hotel receptionist move a unseen item of food from he lap to he mouth . tension rise on the street , a cop 's hand drop to he holster ... the Hotel desk phone ring . the receptionist begin to stand eye still glue to the screen ... the man swiftly double back through the lobby to the service stairwell ... int . night . HOTEL corridor 1st floor , cincinnati - night 5 the man slip from the stairwell , past the open elevator and down the corridor to the fire exit door at the far end ... throughout he — passage through the hotel nobody have see he . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 4. ext . cincinnati HOTEL FIRE exit , back alley - night 6 high angle as the fire exit swing open and the man slip out . close on : his impassive face - hard , mask - like , mournful eye . this be joe ( 35 - 45 ) , plaid shirt , jacket , baseball cap under raise hood . joe' Pov of the ground , dozen of dead bird litter the alleyway around the exit . ahead of he a black suv ease across the mouth of the alleyway , slow to a halt . Joe turn in the opposite direction ... out of the shadow of a doorway , a man step out behind he , arm aloft , brandish a blackjack . Joe sense something behind he ... the presence of life ... the come of violence ... he turn in time to catch the blackjack on he leave shoulder instead of take a brutal blow to the head . Joe grab he assailant 's wrist . Joe bring he forehead down like a brick into the bridge of the man 's nose ... the sicken sound of splintering bone . blind by red pain the man begin to double up . Joe bring he knee up hard into he jaw . he go down , string cut , paralyze by fear . Joe swing he head from leave to right , shake out he leave arm , try to get life into it . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 5 . the assailant alone in the alley , vomit . ext . cincinnati STREET - night 7 the passenger door of a yellow cab slam shut to reveal its emblem ; g&y cab of Cincinnati . joe ( 0.s. ) Airport . int . cincinnati taxi - night 8 close on : the tired line mouth of the elderly cab driver as he reply with a grunt . CUT to : Joe stare ahead . Joe 's Pov in the rear view mirror as the cab driver 's lip dip in a out of view in the strobing streetlight . the driver appear to silently mouth . '' you " '' be '' '' never '' '' really '' '' here '' ... each word appear on screen as a title , then fade , as the driver appear to speak they . 10 11 12 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 6. int . NYC airport arrival hall - night 9 close on the spin pad of a floor polisher - its drone reverberate around the empty arrival hall . CUT to : wide on a lone teenage girl asleep on a bench , she head propped on she knapsack . bent double at a water fountain , Joe watch she from across the gleam concourse , he face shade under the brim of he cap . he take a mouthful of water . CUT to : int . LA guardia airport arrival hall - moment later 10 Joe 's finger tapping digit on a pay phone . CUT to : Joe 's mouth press to the receiver . joe it 's do . he hang up . ext . kensington , brooklyn - night 11 the suburban neighborhood sleep through the dead of night . Joe step out of a NYC yellow cab and wait on the kerb ; watch till it turn out of view at the far intersection . with he head down he walk to the other end of the avenue before slinking a footpath between block . ext . mother' house - night 12 Joe approach the back entrance to the house on the end of a row and stoops down , remove a thin wooden baton from under the door sill . he slip it behind the drainpipe . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 6a . take care to make no sound he turn he key in the lock and ease the back door open . 13 14 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 7 . o.s. the faint metallic SOUND of footstep and the clink of glass . his hand still on the door Joe 's attention be on the fire escape of the block overlook he house . CUT to : a skinny teenage boy ( moise , 14 ) crouch on the 3rd floor fire gantry , he body freeze as he hold down smoke from the joint in he hand . a 2nd boy be climb through a open apartment window to join he - two beer bottle in one hand . moise and Joe 's look hold . a beat - moise 's expression melt from recognition to fear as he let go of he lungful of marijuana . Joe turn away , close he back door behind he . int . mother' house - night 13 Joe stand in the doorway to the live room as cold light dance on he face . o.s. tv sound blaring - the bad and the beautiful on tcm joe' mother ( 80s ) - in house dress and slipper - be asleep in a chair . on the wall above she a frame photograph of joe' late father in Marine Corps dress uniform . the tv reflect on the glass slump on the bridge of she nose . Joe flick off the tv plunging the room into stillness . he remove she glass with care , set they down on a table beside she hearing aid . int . upstair hallway , mother' house - night 14 Joe stand at the foot of the stair . his mother be obscure from view by the bannister . joe' mother ( 0.s. ) I be not a baby . she step into view as Joe step back to let she pass . she take the stair , move at a snail 's pace , one step to the next . on Joe as he watch she tedious progress upstairs . 15 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 7a . int . bedroom , mother' house - night 15 Joe place he mother delicately on she bed , draw up the cover . the window be ajar . the curtain billow as a chill blow through the room . 16 17 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 8. close on : Joe as he pull the window to . o.s. a sharp creak from the bed . joe it 's freezing Mom ... he turn back to the window . his hand rest on the handle . a beat . in one fall swoop Joe fasten the window shut and break from the room , never look back over to he mother 's bed . omitted 16 int . joe' bedroom , mother 's house - night 17 Joe lie rigid on top of he bed cover . his eye pop open , he cannot move , he try to scream , no sound come out , a episode of night terror . ( o.s ) the sound of drip water . he struggle to let out a moan . he be now awake , sweat . Joe sit up in bed , we see a vicious bruise on he leave shoulder . his body , a network of scar . 18 19 20 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 9 . o.s. Water pour and splashes insistently in one clean move Joe bolt from the bed to the door . int . hallway , mother' house - night 18 behind Joe as he watch he mother from he bedroom . the bathroom door be ajar . the mother pewter hair , reach she waist . she be wrap in she robe , give herself a shampoo in the hand basin . she rinse , then throw she head back , like a young woman . the hair snap out in a arc , like a long silvery rope . off Joe 's look - the floor of the bathroom be awash with soapy water . Joe sigh at the sight of the soapy water cumulate on the floor . int . bathroom , mother' house - night 19 Joe on he hand and knee , work a towel to soak up the soapy water from the tile . int . kitchen , mother 's house - dawn 20 the radio be on - very loud - a 4ux crooner . Joe stand in the kitchen , wear a suit and tie . his mother 's frail wrinkle hand smooth out he unkempt hair , she hand move to he beard which she also attempt to groom . joe mother 's why do you hide that beautiful face ? she then straighten and adjust he tie . Joe 's face , mildly annoyed . CUT to : Joe 's mother 's frail hand crack two egg into a fry pan , the sizzling oil mute beneath the drine of the radio . her deaf ear oblivious to the noise . CUT to : close on Joe 's fingertip as it poke into the middle of one of the fry egg , destroy the perfect sunny side up . she turn to he , annoyed . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 9a . he smile at she . she can not help but laugh . then shoos he away , turn back to the stove . Joe sit at the kitchen table . 21 a21 b21 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 10 . he face he mother 's back . his mother glance back to he . she smile turn back . Joe 's Pov close on he mother 's frail hand as she struggle to lift the weight of the fry pan from the stove . int . kitchen , mother' house - early morning ( later ) 21 Joe and he mother sit at the table in silence , they breakfast finish . o.s. the radio still dron . she be look at he , question . she widen she eye ask without word ... ' where have you be ? ’.... ' what do you do ? 's she tilt she head , raise she shoulder - she eye search he with sympathy and a deep resignation . Joe mimic she gesture like a mime . she throw she hand up - mad at he - and move unsteadily to clear the plate . Joe put he hand over hers to stop she , take the plate and move to the sink . she watch he shoulder as he begin to wash -up . int . joe 's bedroom , mother 's house - day . a21 Joe sit on the edge of he bed , he shirt slip down off one arm . he hold a ice pack to the deep bruise bloom across he right shoulder . frozen . the other hand work a stress ball for exercise .. joe' mother ( 0.s. ) Joe ?.... Joe ? Joe visibly tense . int . corridor outside bathroom , mother 's house - day . b21 Joe stand rest he forehead against the wall . 0.s . we hear the sound of the toilet flush . Joe move away with resignation . 22 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 10a . int . live room , mother 's house - day 22 tcm blare from the tv . Joe 's mother watch from she armchair . Joe sit on a couch close to he mother , he be fall asleep . his tie be undone , he suit jacket rest on a chair . o.s. old western on tv - cowboys and indian gunfire . 23 24 25 26 27 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 11 . ext . dusty ground - dusk ( joe' memory ) 23 close on : a pair of girl 's bare feet lie on dusty ground . her heel intermittently kick at the earth beneath she . a miniature ditch dig in the sand . int . live room , mother 's house - day ( later - back to 24 present ) blind sunlight glint off a frame photograph of a younger joe in ceremonial military dress . sunrise touch the live room wall . Joe 's mother be in she armchair in front of the tv . ext . joe 's mother' house - day 25 through the live room window - Joe 's mother stare past the tv to the street . a smile on she face , turn to a darker past memory ... int . joe' bedroom , mother 's house - day . 26 Joe sit upright on a chair that he 's drag into the open doorway of the walk - in cupboard . dry cleaning cover hang by he head . close on - Joe 's foot . his shoelace be untied . he use one foot to lever off a shoe . he place a sock foot onto the floorboard ahead of he - the floorboard creak as he place he weight . a bare patch of skin above Joe 's sock reveal a old but pronounce scar . Joe have a belt looped around he neck , the end of the belt be looped over a clothing rail , he pull tightly on the belt . int . dine room , mother' house - day 27 late afternoon sun . Joe & he mother be sit across the corner of the dining table . open in front of they be a large mahogany cutlery case . they be both engross in polish its content . Joe 's mother sing '' a you be adorable '' as they clean , they both sign out each letter of the alphabet . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 11a . the mother 's frail hand move slowly . Joe buff like a machine . he hold a silver soup spoon right in front of he mother 's mouth . she exhales onto the back of the spoon . Joe give it a finish rub . 28 29 29a 30 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 12 . int . dine room , mother 's house - day ( later ) 28 close on - joe prize open a tin of bicarbonate of soda . heavily tarnish silverware lie in a baking tray on the dining table - larger item , serve spoon , a ladle . Joe scatter bicarbonate onto they . he unscrew the cap of a bottle of white vinegar and pass it to he mother . with tremble hand she pour it over the cutlery . the bicarbonate foam up impressively . int . dine room , mother 's house - afternoon . 29 close on : Joe mother 's hearing aid , tuck behind she ear . she be back in front of the tv - a blanket across she knee . at the dining table Joe fit the last of the immaculately clean silver back into its case . joe' mother ( 0.s. ) how 's Janice ? close on : a fork slot into it 's place . joe we break up in High School Mom . the mahogany case in close and latch . ext . angel 's bodega - next morning 29a Joe stand caddy corner look towards the window of a bodega . he check he watch ; 9am . int . joe 's bedroom , mother 's house - later 30 Joe sit on the edge of the bed , he be wear jeans and sleeveless T-shirt , he hand wrap around he own neck , pressure apply to he throat , he face , beat red . joe' mother ( 0.s. ) Joe ... Joe .. Joe let out a deep sigh , Joe on the verge of tear . later : goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 12a . Joe sobbing like a baby . 31 32 33 34 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 13. ext . rear entrance , mother 's house - day 31 Joe take the baton from its hide place behind the drainpipe and stoops to carefully position it under the door sill - tucking it out of casual view - then slip into the desert alley . he have a way of move quickly , invisibly . hardly anyone have see he enter this house , ever . ext . side STREET across from sixty third drive - day 32 Joe lean against a wall . he watch the store across the street . ' angel' bodega ’... ‘24/7 ' always OPEN ! 's ext . apartment above angel' bodega - day 33 Joe 's Pov - a stout man come to the upstairs window . he peep through the dirty net curtain , then move out of sight . ext . side STREET across from sixty third drive - day 34 Joe check he watch ( black , analogue dial , military issue ) . ...a few second till 10 a.m . Joe 's Pov - in the bodega window , a sign read : Egg and Bacon sandwich $ 1.50 . in removable letter , like a cinema sign . the silhouette of the same stout man from upstairs reach into the window display and remove the sign . beat . the man replace the sign . the letter now read : Egg and bacon sandwich $ 1.50 Joe register the misspel sign - he cue from the dead drop . he head across the road to the bodega . 35 36 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 14 . int . angel be bodega - day 35 the shop be empty of customer . o.s. a crude bell ring from the open door . moise , the tall skinny kid who spot Joe enter he Mom 's house , busy himself rearranging goods on the shelf beside the counter . he immediately avert he gaze from Joe . his hand be shaking . the loud clatter of a stack of tomato can fall to the floor . they roll asunder in a aisle . angel , a stout middle - age man , emerge from the stock room with a angry look to moise . Joe quickly move towards the stockroom , angel follow . int . angel' bodega , stock room - day 36 angel grab a small step stool and place it on the floor , he climb up and reach into a break ceiling tile . his hand fish around for a moment , he pull out a envelope that he hand to Joe . Joe open the envelope , take out a bound $ 5000 wad . he skim $ 500 and hand it back to angel , who immediately push it into he shirt top pocket . angel the man call ... he want to see you . right away . a small army of cockroach scoot across the chip floor tile between the two man . joe do you son tell you he see I ? angel ( like a military response ) he be with friend , just a coincidence . joe do he tell you where he see I ? angel hesitates . angel no , I know you would not want I to know ... ( a beat ) ( more ) 37 38 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 15 . angel ( cont 'd ) moise do not mean to see you , he 's a good boy .... Joe eye bore into angel , it be clear he be not lie . Joe give a slight shrug of resignation and close he eye slowly and gently , almost as if he be fall asleep whilst stand . he skim another $ 500 from he wad and hand it to angel . there 's a look of sadness in angel 's eye as he take it - this be severance pay and he know it . his day as Joe 's dead drop have be terminate . Joe exit the back room without speak , move in the liquid way that be he custom . int . queen plaza subway station , F line platform - day 37 Joe stand sentinel on the platform edge , he baseball cap pull low . further up the platform a young woman with a bruise under she eye stare impassively toward Joe . o.s . the rattle of a approach train rise in volume . close on Joe 's foot as he begin to step across the yellow line that mark the platform safe zone . mid stride he foot hover momentarily over the precipice ... CUT to : the train strobe onto the platform with a deafen battle of brake and metal . Joe be go . int . midday . manhattan , 38th STREET and 8 th ave - day 38 from the end of the corridor lobby Joe walk towards we . Elevator door begin to close around we view until a suite arm appear in the field of vision and hold they back . the door shiver then begin to slide open again . Joe ignore they and step neatly off to one side - out of view . CUT to : a beige accountant type slouched in the elevator - the man who hold the close door back . he scowl at he gesture be ignore . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 15a . Joe shade he eye under he baseball cap , hit the bottom of the stairwell . the accountant shrug , the elevator door push shut . 39 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 16 . int . mccleary 's office , 8 th floor - morning 39 a man have he head tip back , a blood soak tissue clamp to he nose . he breathes methodically through he mouth ... * he lift the blood soak tissue for Joe to see . mccleary how be you ? * joe I do not try to kill myself today . wider - the room be cluttere with ornate floral display park up on the floor and filing cabinet . mccleary ( laugh ) * the Cincinnati kid ... Parents * be ... florist ... * Joe rub he bruise shoulder . and smile . he reach forward and grab some candy from mccleary 's desk , he tone shift ... * joe get rid of angel 's number I ’'11l find a new service . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 mccleary ( a little throw ) okay no problem ... mccleary reach for the rolodex and scoot it of the desk .. a big fat drop of blood splashes index card . mccleary ( cont ’d ) ++- you could just call I directly . Joe , eye still close . joe why be I here ? mccleary sigh . mccleary . State Senator Albert votto ... Joe play with the candy as mccleary continue . mccleary I run he father 's security in the 80s ?... lose touch with he after the arraignment , then - poof - aneurysm burst in he brain ... 17 . to the middle onto the white mccleary wipe the last of the blood from he nose . * goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 18 . Joe now half asleep , close he eye again . mccleary ( cont ’d ) the wife , votto Jr 's wife , kill herself a couple of year ago . not a good look in politics . they daughter 's be run away from home ever since . picked up by the albany police every time . a ' problem child 's . ( beat ) be you fuck go to sleep again on I you bastard ? Joe now awake . mccleary ( cont ’d ) votto call I this morning , she 's be miss all weekend . do not want the cop involved - now that he 's in Senator Williams camp . too much heat from the press . joe ... what 's the lead ? mccleary he get a anonymous text ... Joe , barely listen . joe uh , uh. ( beat ) + h HH hf +h hk goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 19 . mccleary ( beat ) he want to meet you in person . mccleary reach out a seal brown envelope . joe you be fuck kid ... why ? mccleary five grand . that 's ten percent of you cut . mccleary catch Joe 's look as he slide the envelope forward ... he consult a sheet of paper on the desk . mccleary ( cont ’d ) [ his Club ] be there at 2 p.m ... and try and behave . remember Joe , 4 out of 5 people enjoy gang rape . where shall I have you flower send ? joe you keep they John , they really tie the room together . mccleary reference the photo of he [ decease ] wife . mccleary josephine love flower and shit , God bless she . never see the point to they myself - die anyway and stink up the place . mccleary indicate at the brown envelope on the desk . Joe stand , take the brown envelope , tap it against mccleary 's desk , head for the door . * + eh 40 4l 42 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 20 . joe thanks John . mccleary ( 0.s ) josephine two will be out of dry dock thanks to this . gonna drive she through the harbour with a fuck firework parade . you , I , steak and cold beer ... the set sun ... whatcha say to that ... Joe filp mccleary the bird . omitted 40 int . service stairwell , office build - moment later 4l close on : Joe 's foot pound rhythmically down the step . Joe 's Pov - a rush towards the fire door at the foot of the stair . the low end hiss rise in pitch and volume ... int . lobby , lotte NY palace HOTEL lobby - day 42 Joe check he watch - 1:45 pm . Joe sit in the lobby of the Lotte hotel . Joe notice a group of young chinese girl who be laugh and take selfies . + HH HH * 43 44 45 46 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 21 . they wait with they high - end luggage , a bellhop come and put they luggage on a cart . Joe take notice of a distinct mole on upper lip of one of this girl . int . truck , NYC dock , FBI raid - night ( flashback ) 43 quick cut , close on two dead girl . chinese , a distinct mole on one of there upper lip . closer : the mouth strain wide ... int . lobby , lotte NY palace HOTEL lobby - day 44 Joe , at odd with the finery of the ornate lobby , move with purpose towards the elevator . Old -school bellhop hold the door open for the clientele . Joe breeze by , pull the peak of he ballcap low over he brow . he step neatly through the door to the service stairwell . int . service stairwell , lotte NY palace HOTEL - day 45 Joe make he way up , head tuck low , he face obscure from the gaze of the cctv camera on every landing . int . governor's suite , lotte NY palace HOTEL - day 46 a young male assistant ( 20 ) open the double door . a huge suite , sumptuously decorate - original artwork on the wall . a hard , high back dining chair have be place face the sofa . it stand isolate on a sea of thick carpete . a handsome man ( 40s ) be sit on a sofa , elegantly dress . he take to he foot , bound to Joe . votto Albert votto ... ( offer he hand ) Joe be not it ... Joe or Joseph ? the Assistant delicately close the double door behind he , leave votto and Joe alone . Joe be sweat hard from he walk up the 52 flight of stair . joe Joe ... goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 21a. votto have Joe 's hand in a firm handshake . he place he other hand on top of Joe 's - intimate , smile warmly . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 22 . vvottto . thank you for take the time to see I joe. ( beat ) mccleary say you be the best in the business ... ( grin ) Joe still breathe heavy from he walk . votto release he grip . he gesture Joe to sit . they sit , votto my father 's the one who know mccleary I be just a boy . trusted he with he life . a sleek coffee table lie between the two man . Joe remove he baseball cap . Joe nod . vvottto . so ... ex - FBI , ex - Marine Corps votto Iraq or Afghanistan ? joe Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Iraq in ninety one. votto nobody die in that one right ? joe ( deadpan ) nobody die . votto we fight good war sometimes . that be a good one . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 23. joe ..- Afghanistan in 2001 , Iraq 2003 . votto ..- a decade in service . ( beat ) and the FBI ? joe sex -traffick task force ... my work for mccleary ... more or less the same thing . votto 's phone on the coffee table buzze . he glance at it , do not pick up . it drop to voicemail , stop vibrate ... then buzze again . votto snatch it up , skim he thumb down the screen . votto fuck . ( as if the name of the state capitol be poison ) albany . ( something about political stuff ) he stand and grasp a clear plastic file and place it in front of Joe . votto ( cont 'd ) I get a text message this morning . anonymous . Joe read the text as votto pace . votto ( cont 'd ) ( by heart ) ' you daughter be at 544 West 38th street I could not live with myself if I do not let you know ’.... Joe lean forward and leaf through the loose assortment of print-out in the file - scan of family photograph . a pretty little rich girl on a pony . a extremely attractive woman ( 40s ) . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 24 . Joe slide a small instant photographic print from the back of the file . overexpose by the flash , a close - up selfie of the girl - she be give a cute sidelong look and have she index finger raise to she lip in a '' shhhhh '' gesture . joe when be this take ? votto it 's the most recent . joe be she hair still long when ... votto yes . ( beat ) she have beautiful hair ... they never find she body ( he voice waver ) Joe watch as votto pick up a pack of marlboros from the arm of the sofa . votto tear into the seal and draw a cigarette to he mouth . he pat down he pocket search for a light . he take the cigarette from he lip , look at it pitifully . votto ( cont 'd ) ( mervous aside ) $ 25,000 a night and the State of New York will not even let I light this on the terrace ... votto pick up he phone , scroll through he message , hand it to Joe . joe whoever send the message would have buy the phone ... votto ( overlap Joe ) ... it must be someone I know . joe .-- send the text , throw the phone away . votto the police close the investigation I be leave to bury a empty casket . ( more ) goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 24a . votto ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you can not know what that feel like ... goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 25 . votto pick up one of the photo of Nina . Joe place votto 's phone down on the coffee table . votto pace , turn he cigarette pack in he hand . votto ( cont 'd ) ( on he back ) do you have child Joe ? another photograph - formally pose , the girl wear a white party dress as votto hold she in a embrace , they eye both close , he chin rest on the crown of she head . Joe select the earlier selfie of the girl and a family portrait - nina between her mother and Father . joe I 'il need this . votto nod . Joe slip it into he shirt top pocket . joe ( cont 'd ) do you daughter take any medication ? Girls be often keep sedate with morphine derivative . votto anti-depressant ... she mother live on they . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 26 . votto ( cont 'd ) what happen now ? let I give you my number . he have he phone in he hand . joe I do not have a phone . votto begin to pour himself a drink from a brandy decanter . joe ( cont 'd ) you go to the senton Hotel , 39 West 27th St. room 719 . - do not park out front . votto .-- room 719 . votto , take a beat , then ... votto ( cont 'd ) you 'il find she for I Joe . I know you will . Joe stare ahead . votto nod , grateful . then realize .. 47 48 49 50 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 27 . votto ( cont 'd ) her name 's Nina . do I mention that ? omitted 47 int . / ext . car rental - day 48 the car rental rep 's hand ( scarlet false nail ) pass a set of key through the window . Joe smile charmingly . as he head for the door , he pass complimentary pastry and coffee - he pick up a paper napkin from a pile ... ext . car rental lot - day 49 Joe approach he car - a Black 4 - door cadillac sedan . CUT to : Joe pull out of the Enterprise lot . int . rental car , 38 th STREET - day 50 Joe 's Pov through the car window . he slow to a crawl as he size up 544 west 38th Street . close on : the keypad intercom , a security camera under the porch . 51 52 53 54 55 56 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 28-28a . ext . rental car , midtown basement car park - day 51 Joe 's rental car drive down the entrance ramp , turn at the bottom and weave in amongst park car . int . pharmacy - day 52 Joe , basket in hand . he drop in surgical adhesive tape and plastic bottle of rub alcohol . CUT to : on another aisle Joe pick up a tube of glue . CUT to : the cashier ring up Joe 's item , make up removal wipe , a box of sanitary napkin . last out of the basket , a can of Coke and bottle of mineral water . Joe grab a hershel bar from the rack beside the cash register and add it to the other item . ext . chinatown restaurant - night 53 Joe slip down the step of a basement entrance in front of a restaurant window . ( several beat ) Joe ascend the basement step . he carry a plastic bag emblazon with chinese character and the logo of a electrical goods vendor . int . midtown apartment build corridor - night 54 Joe exit the service stairwell . int . midtown apartment build corridor - night 55 a preppy upscale coke dealer 's hand . a clear plastic vial with a print prescription label - phyceptone - contain 5 white pill be pass to Joe 's hand , in exchange for $ 100 cash . int . hardware store - night 56 he pick out a roll of duct tape , a BOX cutter and cable tie . angle on : a ball peen hammer . Joe glance at the hammer . 57 58 59 60 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 29 . ext . midtown STREET - night 57 Manhattan bustles . gaudy light silhouette people move each and every way like ant along the side walk . the street light play across Joe 's face - green , blue , yellow ... he carry the hardware store bag . his eye , shade under the baseball cap , occasionally catch a glint of color light but never blink . int . midtown basement car park - night 58 off black : the trunk of the rental car swing open , revealing Joe stand over it . he dump he ' tool 's in the trunk . angle on : all of Joe 's shopping , laid out neatly inside . the lid of the trunk slam shut . int . russian bath lower east side , steam room - night 59 naked men be shadow in the heavy fog of steam and greenish light , head bow , eye close - sweat it out - a romanesque mist of pot belly , muscle , tattoo . Joe , he eye half open , half close , like a cat . he stare at the naked bulb on the tile wall opposite he . o.s. a low rumble close on the bulb as it 's envelop in steam . CUT to : int . cold room , russian bath lower east side - night 60 Joe lie on the surface of the pool . 61 62 63 64 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 30 . ext . US military base , kuwait - day ( joe' memory ) 61 the searing midday sun . a young afghan girl be walk towards the camera , hand outstretch . a young , Joe ( 20 fresh - face , dress in army fatigue ) be on the other side of a chainlink fence . he sit on a crudely make bench , drink coffee , eat a mre . Beyond Joe 6 soldier mill about and dance together to a 1991 pop hit play from a park vehicle in the background . he take note of the girl , reach into he pocket and pull out a bar of chocolate . ext . kuwait desert 62 the girl smile , candy bar in hand , turn from Joe and run away . ext . kuwait - later 63 Joe look up to the lone tree where the girl be sit in the shade . a teenage boy ( 15 ) have approach she - he be stand above she , hold he hand out . the girl shake she head , '' no '' . the boy shout something inaudible at the girl , he face suddenly aggressive . she shake she head again , try to hide the chocolate in the fold of she skirt . the boy pull a makarov pistol from he pocket - he shoot the girl in the stomach , snatch the chocolate from she hand and run off . a slow pool of blood form around the girl as she bare heel kick fast and furtively at the dusty ground . ext . US military base , kuwait - later still 64 Joe 's Pov - the girl 's leg be still kick through the dust but with increase sluggishness . close on : the girl 's heel intermittently kick at the earth beneath she - a miniature ditch dig in the sand with she effort to retain life . 65 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 30a . closer still : the movement of she heel begin to falter . int . locker room , russian bath lower east side - night 65 Joe wash he hand in the sink , in the mirror he notice a ghost like figure crossing behind he . Water run from the faucet . we notice the pulse in he shoulder . 66 67 68 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 31 . int . rental car , midtown basement car park - night 66 Joe be wear a new workman 's jacket . a sale tag hang from the sleeve . he yank it off . his hand open the centre console between the driver and front passenger seat - he neatly stashes the duct tape , cable tie and a box cutter . CUT to : the glove compartment flip open - rub alcohol , surgical tape , make up wipe and sanitary napkin be place inside . CUT to : the bottle of water and can of Coke be slotted into the dash mount drink holder . CUT to : through the car windscreen : Joe , focus , be sit in the driver seat . he unsheathes the hammer and weigh it up in he hand . it sit well . Joe slide it into he leave hand inside jacket pocket . ext . midtown basement car park exit - night 67 Joe 's rental car exit the parking garage . int . rental car , midtown STREET —- night 68 Joe 's eye be dark and inscrutable in the shadow of he baseball cap . rainbow hued illumination play across he set jaw . CUT to : Joe 's Pov - Manhattan street - late night NYC . 69 70 71 72 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 32 . ext . 38 th ST - night 69 Joe 's rental car turn into the end of the road . the street be book end by modern apartment building , one at 3rd Avenue and one at 2nd Avenue . int . rental car - night 70 the engine note drop as Joe slow to a crawl . CUT to : Joe 's Pov - a 3 - storey brownstone on a street of brownstone . all the window be seal shut by metal curtain , insure total privacy . a young towel boy carry a laundry sack up the stair , punch in a code into the door and disappear inside . omitted 71 omitted 72 73 74 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 33 . int . rental car - night , later 73 close on : Joe 's wristwatch - the minute hand tick by ... CUT to : the rear view mirror - we see a high end black town car pull up outside the brownstone . a well dressed man in a high end suit walk down the stair . the driver of the town car step out and open the door for he . the driver get back in the car and it pull away . CUT to : later still - Joe sit in the car in a fugue state , simultaneously alert and peaceful . int . FBI surveillance car , NYC dock - night ( joe' 74 memory ) a young Joe be wear a standard issue FBI nylon jacket . he sit behind the wheel of he cruiser , rain bear down on the windscreen . CUT to : Joe 's Pov - beyond a chain link fence , a refrigerate truck with sunflower meat corp and chinese character emblazon on its flank stand on the quay side . its cab door be open , the engine be run . 75 76 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 34 . there be two park car between Joe and the truck , two payr of men be stand beside they in discussion - a deal be go down . Joe check he watch ... the man 's discussion appear inscrutable and ongoing task force commander ( v.o. ) ( break by burst of radio static ) wait ... wait .... nobody move ... see the money .... CUT to : joe' hand grip the steering wheel , he knuckle whiten in frustration and anger ... the distant sound of the truck engine run over rise in volume . Joe 's eye shroud in darkness . the sharp sodium street light throw sad shadow of raindrop onto Joe 's rigid face , he jaw tense . fume continue to plume from the truck 's exhaust ... int . rental car , 38 th ST - night ( back to present ) 75 clunk - the windscreen wiper kick in automatically . with a judder they clear the shadow of accumulate raindrop from Joe 's face . close on : Joe 's eye - the crawl retreat of distort water pattern in the wiper 's wake . his 1000 yard stare draw into closer focus . rear-view mirror : Joe watch as ... the towel boy , in jeans and a thick hood sweat shirt , emerge from the brothel front door - send out on a errand . Joe study he - he 's clearly not a ' John 's or security . he dart from the car . omitted 76 77 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 35 . int . rental car , 38 th ST - night 77 the towel boy be shove into the back seat of the car . Joe make quick work with the cable tie , duct tape . he bind towel Boy 's wrist behind he back with a cable tie , then fasten he leg together at the ankle and the knee . towel Boy 's eye start to focus , he gasp a little less audibly . Joe ease off the back seat , exit the rear door and return to the driver seat . he face forward , eye lock back on the rear view mirror . joe how many security inside ? towel Boy be too scared to answer . Joe 's hand lower to rest on the box cutter , he thumb poise over the blade slide mechanism . joe ( cont 'd ) two ? goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 towel boy ( whisper ) two . joe where be they ? towel Boy hesitates ... joe ( cont 'd ) ( refining the question ) where in the house be they ? towel boy you promise you will not kill I . joe yes . towel Boy hesitates , not out of cun , just fear . towel boy ( speak quickly , half gasp ) one guy guard the first floor , with the camera , and one guy on the second floor . he sit in the hallway . 36 . Joe take the picture of Nina from he shirt breast pocket and hit the overhead light . he hold the snapshot in front of towel boy 's face . joe do they have a ' playground 's ? be this girl inside ? towel boy playground ? joe underage girl . joe ( cont 'd ) be the girl in the picture inside ? towel Boy be mute . joe ( cont 'd ) ( quietly , forcefully ) she 's not the same as the other ... american ... well speak . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 joe ( cont 'd ) ( push the photo closer to TB 's face ) she might look different . her hair ... towel boy maybe ... thinner ... blonde hair , cut short ? I do not know ... .-. I be not lie to you mister . I swear I do not know ! Joe let 's this terror hang . joe where be she ... towel boy third floor . joe any other man ? towel boy Rich guy . joe do you carry any key ? towel boy no ... joe what 's the code for the front door ? towel boy 3- 4-9 -2 ... Joe nod . in one movement he be out of the driver 's seat . he cross the front of the car and reappear at the rear passenger door . 78 79 80 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 38 . close - on : towel Boy 's eye widen at the betrayal . ext . brothel step - night 78 ( the follow sequence be shot from cctv Point of view until otherwise state ) Joe walk up the brothel step , he eye shade by he baseball cap , he punch in the code to the door . CUT to : int . brothel hallway - night 79 a large seated man sit read a magazine . Joe be immediately on he . the hammer strike the Guard on the cheek bone send he into the wall . int . brothel stairway - night 80 Joe - he take two step at a time . 81 82 83 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 39 . a second guard at the landing . Joe swing the hammer two hand like a baseball bat send it into the man 's sternum - he double up . Joe continue along the corridor . CUT to : int . brothel , hallway - night 81 a naked skinny man with a mask be thrown out of the door way . Joe deliver a close blow to the man . he continue down the hall , the cctv camera linger on the doorway , a small girl ( 9 ) wear a night dress wander out of the doorway and into the hallway in a daze . int . brothel , ' playground 's hallway corridor - night 82 another cctv angle , joe approach a close door , he open it , about to enter ... int . brothel , bedroom 2 - night 83 ( we transition from cctv footage back to film ) this room be dark , illuminate only by a UV ' black light 's above the head of a single ' cot 's bed . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 40 . a young girl ( 13/14 ) lie on top of a white sheet . Joe walk towards she . her skin have a spectral glow . ...- nina ? Joe take the photograph from he top pocket . the girl 's eye be close . he put a hand to she cheek - no reaction . he gently raise one eyelid between he finger and thumb . for a moment there be a bright blue iris anda dilate pupil before she eye roll back . Joe be take aback . it 's her . her neck arch back into the pillow and she whole body begin to stiffen . Joe lean in and lever the girl 's thin body into a seat position . her head and arm flop forward like a rag doll . he lift she chin with he free hand . joe Nina ... nina . he snap he finger loudly beside she ear . joe ( cont 'd ) Nina . come on Nina . you can hear I . look at I . can you say you name Nina . a sharp intake of breath and the girl 's head loll forward again . Joe firmly cup she tiny face in he hand . her eye flicker open for a moment . her lip move against each other . it be barely audible but she be count . she be in the 700' . CUT to : the big sister , a skinny , diet pill blonde in a silk robe and artificial tit burst into the room . she clutches a cell phone in one hand . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 41 . big sister ( hysterical , Eastern european accent ) fuck be you ? Joe advance on she , grab she elbow violently , prize the cell phone from she grasp . joe get she dress . Joe throw the Big sister towards Nina . in shock she get she off the bed . the only additional clothing in the room be a pair of childish frill pop sock . Joe reach the cell phone jammer from he jacket pocket . he slide the switch on its side , the green LED blink off . he put it away and then wrench off he jacket . Joe advance again on the Big sister and thrust the jacket at she to dress Nina with . with he other hand he dial 911 on the Big sister 's cell phone and clamp it to she ear . joe ( cont 'd ) Police department . he glare into she eye . she understand . joe ( cont 'd ) gunshot ... the Big sister look confuse . big sister gunshot ... the call connect . the distant female voice of the emergency service dispatch can be hear on the other end ... 911 dispatcher 911 , what be you report ? big sister gunshot ! 911 dispatcher what 's you address ? Joe shoot she a stern look ... goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 41a . 911 dispatcher ( cont 'd ) where be you speak from now ? 84 85 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 42 . Joe hold he look ... the Big sister be terrify , she can not speak . Joe snatch the phone from she ear . joe 544 East 38th Street 911 dispatcher who be in the hou ... Joe throw it to the floor and drive the heel of he boot into it - smash it completely . joe leave . she look at he , fear in she eye , shake she head . joe ( cont 'd ) now .... go! she shake she head vigorously . punch she own hand repeatedly on she head . she be paralyse with fear , will not move . throughout all this Nina have stand daze and silent in the middle of the room Joe snatch he hammer up , grab the sheet from the bed , wrap it once around Nina and scoops she off she foot . int . brothel , ' playground 's hallway - night 84 borne aloft in Joe 's arm Nina float through the door of she room and along the playground corridor , she counting down a barely perceptible whisper below the pipe music . int . brothel 2 nd floor - night 85 the 2nd fall Guard still fill one half of the width of the corridor , slump on he knee , head cowl forward against the wall . a naked JOHN stand in the corridor , block Joe 's passage . he grasp a 7 " hunt knife in one hand . his chest be emblazon with a Eye of Providence tattoo . Joe gently let down Nina . she ahead stare implacably . the rise and fall of nake John 's chest . the Eye of Providence stare unblink ... close on : Nina 's face . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 42a . ( o.s. ) the sound of the almighty collision of body . 86 87 88 89 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 43. int . brothel , 1st floor - night 86 the empty stairwell . Joe 's foot step over the sprawle body of the first Guard as he march to the front door , seemingly in step with the dull thud of techno music from the p.a. Nina 's tiny sock foot follow a pace behind . ext . brothel - night 87 at the top of the stoop Joe peer down the street - no cop car . about six minute have elapse since Joe enter the brothel . with the girl light in he arm , he move quickly to he rental . in one delicate move he have Nina in the front seat . she be all but out of it ; but not completely . stepping around the trunk of the car Joe fling open the rear passenger door and drag towel Boy out by the shoulder and dump he on the sidewalk . close on : a storm drain open . Joe crouch by the kerb as he fit the bloody hammer through the open , drop it as deeply as he arm will reach inside . the cell phone jammer from he inside jacket pocket follow the hammer into the storm drain . ext . 38 th ST - night 88 Joe 's rental car pull away . towel Boy lie motionless on the sidewalk . silence reign ... ext . rental car , midtown - night 89 close on : Nina through the passenger window . a cascade of reflection and rainwater play across the glass as she stare into the middle distance . a cop car pass siren and light blaring . closer - she lip as they murmur . she continue she count down . 90 91 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 44 , int . basement car park - night 90 a squeal of wet tire reverberate around the near empty car park as the rental pull in and cruise to a quiet corner . the engine 's kill . int . basement car park - moment later 91 Joe relax he grip on the steering wheel . Nina 's gaze be fix on he ... on he right arm . she reach forward and touch he with she fingertip . there 's a 2 '' knife cut through he shirt and blood be soaking through . Joe have not notice till now . Nina stare at she fingertip , mesmerize by the scarlet blood coating they . Joe unbuckle he seat belt and flip open the glove compartment . he remove a sanitary napkin and rub alcohol , he pour some on the napkin and place it over he wound . close on : in the rear view mirror , Joe 's mouth clenches tight against the searing pain , jaw set as he tooth grit hard . she continue to watch with fascination as Joe go through the process of attend to he wound . nina what do I call you ? Joe hand she a make - up wipe to remove the blood from she finger . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 45 . Joe reach for the can of Coke and chocolate and hand they to Nina . nina ( cont 'd ) where be we go ? close on : Nina 's fingernails as they strain to open the ring pull . she abandon it half cocked and hand it back to Joe . he pop it open . joe I be take you home Nina . nina how do you know my name ? joe you Father tell I you name . Nina alternate sip from the Coke can with square of chocolate . nina be he angry at I ? o.s . the sound of a approach car - the clump as it take the entrance ramp to the car park , the dry echo of tire on concrete ... Joe 's eye fix on the rear view mirror as the headlight of a anonymous sedan sweep past he car . he turn the ignition key just enough to fire the electrics and adjust the angle of he door mirror . in the mirror he can see the sedan as it pull up , a indistinct figure at the wheel . Joe wipe a discreet porthole in the condensation building up on he window to reveal - a man in a tuxedo and black tie as he hurry away in the direction of the exit ramp . satisfied , Joe turn he attention back to Nina . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 46 . she have eat almost all the chocolate , some of which have smear onto she lip and cheek . a crudely draw smiley face adorn she passenger window . Nina burp . she raise a hand to she mouth and peer over it - surprised and off guard . Joe 's face wear a massive grin in response . Nina offer Joe the last square of chocolate in the packet . he shake he head . Nina be unwaver in she offer . joe it 's the last piece ... nina ( 0.s. ) ..- it 's not the last piece in the world ... he take it from she and put it into he mouth . he close he eye and allow himself to relax back into he seat . o.s. - a distinctive clunk as Nina release the latch of she seat belt . a rasp as the nylon belt retract . Joe look over to she . nina ( cont 'd ) I need to go ... joe we have to stay here . Nina 's look be one of confusion and disappointment . CUT to : the passenger door of the car be wide open . Joe stand sentinel beside the door , arm fold around he jacket , head tip forward . he cautiously steal a look up to the security camera perch at the top of a concrete support pillar opposite he then dip he eye to the ground again . o.s . the sound of run water . a stream of liquid , dark against the pale concrete floor of the parking garage , run from under the door of the car behind Joe , pool near he boot . he edge to one side to avoid Nina 's amass pee . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 47-47a . nina ( 0.s. ) what 's you name ? joe ( beat ) joe. nina ( 0.s . ) I have finish Joe . CUT to : Nina and Joe be back in the car . she no longer wear Joe 's jacket . Nina lean forward and grab the bottle of pill , she shake they . she fail to open the bottle , Joe take it from she . he demonstrate take off the cap , he then put the cap back on and stashes the bottle out of her reach . Nina sit back in she seat . she slip the strap of she nightie off she shoulder then begin to hitch the hem up she tiny thigh . she meet Joe 's gaze with a look of mute seduction and raise she forefinger to she lip in a gesture of ' shhhh 's . on Joe . nina ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not tell mommy ... wordlessly Joe lean past she , grasp the dangle seat belt buckle . Nina fling she arm around he and bury she face in he chest . Joe firmly draw the seat belt back across she , untangle she arm from around he neck , break the moment - a simple signal that she should stop . Nina slump into she seat . her head roll back to the passenger side window . the smiley face on the glass beside she have begin to run - tear of a clown . CUT to : from outside the glass close on Nina her eyelid draw close ; asleep . CUT to : close on : Joe 's wristwatch ; 4:02 be Nina be fast asleep . 92 93 94 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 48. ext . senton HOTEL - night 92 the rental car pull up right out front , its pour again . a bell-hop guy ( 20' , ipod earbud ) round the corner and head towards the hotel . in he hand he clutches a pair of well - wear drumstick . a beat later another man ( 30' , acne scar , homebrew neck tattoo ) emerge , throw he rucksack over he shoulder . the two have a exchange as they cross path , he then disappear along the street . Joe take the room key ( card ) from the glove compartment . the bell - hop guy have he back turn whilst he struggle into a ill fitting jacket . int . lobby , senton HOTEL - night 93 kitsch lounge musak pipe soothing piano into the low rent surroundings . Joe carry Nina ' piggy back 's past the reception booth . her hair stick to she wet face , she be still doze , she dirty bare foot hang loosely by Joe 's side . he take to the bottom of the stair . on Joe 's back as he disappear from view . the bell-hop tap out a ‘rim shot 's on the reception desk with he drumstick oblivious to Joe 's entrance . int . stairwell , senton HOTEL - night 94 musak from the lobby fade , give way to a heighten mix of sound pass through close hotel room door - porn , move furniture , a muffle cry . Joe carry Nina . 95 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 49 . she rest she head on he shoulder , hover between sleep and wakefulness - obscenely childlike in the harsh lighting . nina ( whisper , barely audible ) mommy go away . joe ( gently rock she ) shhhh . int . senton HOTEL , room 719 - night 95 close on the photograph Joe take from votto . Nina hold they between finger and thumb , study they intently . the overexposed selfie - nina ( 0.s. ) be that I ? she be sit in the one armchair in the room , Joe 's jacket draw around she shoulder . Joe reach in with a wet wipe and smooth away chocolate smear from she face . joe uh-huh . as Joe wipe , Nina pull a face . Joe take a fresh wipe . as it hone in towards Nina 's face she deliberately go cross - eyed . she burst out giggle . on joe - he can not help but smile . he stand to throw the use wipe into the hotel room trash can . close on the family portrait photograph . Nina cover over she father 's face with she thumb . then cover 's over she mother 's face with she other thumb . Nina lower the photo , she eye draw to the tv screen which flicker away with the sound down , she reach for the remote and begin to channel -hop . a 24h newscast - a accident scene in midtown Manhattan , police line , emergency light . follow by a montage of archive shot of a suite middle age man give a speech at the U.S. Senate - the name ' Senator Williams 's on the chyron . nina the cry man . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 499a . her finger point to the tv . Joe look up . the news cast cut to a studio anchor , a portrait photograph of senator william emblazon with '' suicide ? '' display beside they . o.s . the electronic mechanical sound of the room key unlock the door . Joe immediately stand and dart to the door . it open . the drum bell hop stand in the doorway . a bright flash of light and the explosion of a fire gun . his forehead erupt . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 50 . close on : Joe 's face as the bell hop 's blood spatter over he . two men with raise pistol . the alpha of the pair twitches he gun , gesture Joe into the live area of the room , seating he at the foot of the bed next to Nina , she turn the tv off . the other man holster he weapon and cross to Nina , slinging she over he shoulder like a money sack . he head for the door . nina ( cont 'd ) ( 0.s . ) -»-- j0e ? close on : her tiny foot disappear out of view as the door snap shut . nina ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( louder but muffle through the door ) ) «joe ... Alpha stand over Joe , raise he gun full stock ... alpha ( re : Nina ) cute . in a instant Joe propel himself from the bed . he lunge full length towards the coffee table , plant he palm on its top surface , launching it across the floor into the Alpha 's knee . a cellphone fly from the Alpha 's hand as he crash forward , he leg now pin between the splinter table and the far wall . CUT to : Joe move in rapid , assure movement as he claw himself up the teeter man . in three solid grasp of the man 's clothing he have himself level with he torso - go for control of he wrist and the weapon ... the man try in vain to angle the 'mm on Joe . a shot ring out . Alpha chop at the back of Joe 's head with the butt of the gun , landing a sharp vicious blow . CUT to : goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 50a . a flash of red . 96 97 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 51 . Joe keep climb . both man collapse into the remnant of the crush coffee table . Joe 's leave hand be on the wrist that hold the pistol . he push it away . his eye be screw shut against the pain of the blow to he head , some unsee snake part of he brain take over . everything be impression and feel . o.s. a deaden gunshot .... CUT to : .». smack straight into the ceiling mirror above the bed , fracture the glass right across its length ... we see the last of the struggle in the fragment reflection . a cubist tableau - two distort figure writhe on the deep red carpet . a third gunshot ring out . for a moment it 's impossible to tell who have the upper hand . CUT to : close on , Joe get both hand under Alpha 's chin and with all he strength push the man 's head back past any natural angle . the neck snap . Alpha go still . Joe roll off panting , he vision return , the blurry room come slowly back to focus . he scramble to he foot , take the man 's pistol . close on : the photograph of Nina as Joe snatch it up . int . senton HOTEL hallway , 7th floor - night 96 Joe , the pistol in one hand , haul ass down the hallway . a blood spot fall on the floor as he make for the window and onto the fire escape . ext . senton HOTEL , rear FIRE escape - night 97 drop from bottom level of the fire escape gantry Joe land hard . 98 99 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 52 . int . all - night bodega , midtown manhattan - night 98 a bottle of rub alcohol , cotton wool roll , roll of gauze and a card pair of needle nose electrical plier - push across the counter . behind a scratch plastic window the cashier barely register Joe or what he be buy , he eye fix on a small tv on the counter . o.s. tv news program cover the apparent ' suicide 's of Senator Williams in spanish . the tv news cut to a outside broadcast . a taxi 's cave in roof - the scene flash red and blue from emergency vehicle roof light . news anchor ( 0.s. in spanish ) .-+.- Senator William 's political and private life have dogge he since 2012 when a out of court settlement be reach with the parent of a girl below the age of consent ... Joe pay cash . there be blood on he hand and the $ 50 bill he pay with . his right hand cheek be swollen . thick blood matte he jaw and throat . the cashier do not raise a eyebrow . ext . midtown manhattan - night 99 Joe propped up against the side of a building , rain fall around he . a stray dog , sniff around the area . Joe ease the plier into he open mouth . he dig around take time to get purchase , deep inside . Joe suppress the need to scream . extreme close up : a broken tooth - a molar , split in two . Joe 's bloody fingertip set it down . Joe collapse back . ( o.s. ) Nina 's whisper count down . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 52a . nina 481 , 480 , 479 ... her count overlap into the voice of a 8-yr-old -boy ... 100 101 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 53. 8-yr-old boy 's voice ( 0.s. ) 478 , 477 , 476 ... ext . dock , FBI raid - night ( joe' memory ) 100 close on : the rear door of the refrigerate truck ... a heavy padlock . several FBI agent stand by with flashlight fix on the truck . close on - dollar bill slowly flap in a puddle . heavy duty bolt cropper bite into the harden steel . with a gasp of rush air the tall rear door of the truck swing open to reveal Joe . rain stream from the brim of he cap . joe' Pov - the gloom of the truck interior give way to a tableau resembling géricault 's the raft of the Medusa ... ... twenty four chinese girl . it be too late . they be all dead . they barely clad body entwine in the dark , eye open , head cast back , mouth agape . close on Joe : close in on he narrow eye . close on two of the dead girl . neither older than 14 , they face frame by long black hair , cheek press together in eternal embrace . closer still - a distinct mole on a upper lip . the mouth strain wide ... o.s . the rise pitch of a dialling tone . fade out : ext . midtown , manhattan . night 101 Joe lean against a batter pay phone . he fish the receiver to he ear . his cheek be wrap with a pad of gauze , crudely tape in place . blood be smear over he face and hand like iodine . it connect straight to a phone company digital voicemail . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 53a . o.s. mccleary 's voice mail . 102 103 104 105 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 54 . synthesized ' robot 's woman you have call ... ( a beat follow by gruff man 's voice ) mccleary ... Joe immediately hang up . ext . mccleary 's STREET - dawn 102 a simple , white clapboard two storey affair back on to a ocean view . a pristine 20 year old caddy be park in the driveway - a 90' ' classic 's . a Manhattan taxi u-turn and diminish towards the turn off . Joe watch till he see the blink of its signal light then pass the gleam caddy towards the rear of the house . int . mccleary 's house , kitchen side entrance - dawn 103 with a brisk move from Joe 's outline a pane in the door glass pop through , fall and shatter . closer still - Joe 's free hand reach through and feel out the latch ... int . mccleary 's house , kitchen - dawn 104 Joe move through the kitchen . 0.s. Radio on in the adjacent live area . a huge persian cat lap at a vast pool of milk from a upturn carton beside the sink . it look up to meet Joe 's gaze . then return to the milk . the splatter microwave door hang open . a old school coffee percolator stand beside the fridge . a 1 /8th inch of stew coffee bubbles furiously in the bottom of it 's glass jug . Joe pull the plug at the wall . int . mccleary '’s house , bedroom —- dawn 105 106 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 55 . mccleary 's bed be unslept in , the flower bedspread tuck in neatly on all side . make - up tub , compact , perfume bottle and atomizer be arrange in a order crescent on the dresser . int . mccleary 's house live room - dawn 106 Joe be sit on the sofa . around Joe be evidence that this be mccleary 's place of sleep . a feather pillow and blanket , a few empty beer bottle , a old fashioned porno mag , ' power & motoryacht 's . close on , a frame photo on a cupboard - a young , slimmer mccleary , shoulder to shoulder with senator votto snr - the spit of he son . beside they stand the 20 year old votto Jr. mccleary be be hand a gold clock for 10 year service , the mood be jovial - smile all round . other photograph line the wall and mantelpiece - mark the progress of mccleary from state trooper - to a more portly man in a suit . intersperse be photograph of mccleary and he wife . different age but all image of a loving couple ... a black and white wedding picture of the once handsome pair cut the cake .... Halloween fancy dress costume - they be Laurel and hardy . from the deck of a yacht , they beam at the camera in a tight embrace . she be noticeably more gaunt , a silk scarf tie around she head hide she lack of hair . the Persian cat leap onto the coffee table . its back arch as Joe run he hand across it . close on Joe 's palm - bright red streak . the Persian cat 's fur and tail be spatter with blood ... it 's fresh . Joe tense . 107 a107 108 109 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 56 . int . mccleary's house bedroom - dawn 107 close on : Joe pull open the bedside drawer . a royal blue colt python snub nose . Joe spin the chamber - fully load . int . mccleary 's house live room - dawn a107 car key with the familiar cadillac logo on the key ring . joe' hand - he grab the key . int . mccleary '’s caddy - day 108 Joe look like death - drive as fast as the limit allow . sweat dot he brow , he constantly check the rear view mirror and the few pass car on the road . he wince , pop one of the painkiller he buy from he Midtown drug dealer . it be almost impossible for he to part he lip . his head loll slightly forward . o.s. the SOUND of the car engine , loud , quicken , continue over : int . live room , mother 's house - night ( joe' memory ) 109 close on : 8 - yr-old Joe bare chest , stand poker straight , face a wall . 8-yr-old joe ( voice as a adult ) I must do better sir . I must do better sir . I must do better . I must do better ... 8 - yr-old Joe begin to fall asleep , he head bow forward almost graze the chintzy wallpaper . 8-yr-old joe ( cont 'd ) ( voice as a adult ) I be fuck up . as it 's just about to touch the wall ... goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 56A . int . mccleary 's caddy - day ( back to present ) 110 joe' head jolt himself upright , slap he face , hard . speed up ... int . mccleary 's office build , elevator - day 111 o.s . the manic sound of a fly buz , trap in the fluorescent light . 112 113 114 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 57 . close on : Joe propped against the back wall of the elevator - the door begin slide shut in front of he face ... omitted 112 int . mccleary's office - day 113 Joe let himself into the room . the room be a jungle of gaudy wilted flower . mccleary 's body sit at he high back desk chair . he be wear a towell dress gown and slipper - eye close , mouth slightly agape . the only sign of disarray be the shattered rolodex , its index card spread out across the glass top of the desk like a blackjack table . joe ( under he breath ) oh John . close on : the rolodex card bear angel 's detail as Joe turn it over in he hand . dried blood fox the edge . o.s. dialle tone and three digit punch ... from underneath the glass tabletop - congealing blood pool around mccleary 's hand where they rest on the top surface , he finger bent and mangle . 911 dispatcher ( 0.s. ) what 's you emergency ? joe ( 0.s . ) rego Park , fire department ... it 's urgent ... ( beat ) .»- yeah I see smoke come from a old lady 's house . 1138 ... int . angel' bodega stockroom - night ( in joe 's 114 imagination ) close on : the terrify face of moise . he open he mouth to speak . his lip synchronize with Joe 's call . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 57a . joe ( v.0 . ) ... sycamore , a red brick house . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 58 . wider : moise be on he knee face he father . a gun press to the back of angel 's head . the explosion of muzzle flash ... blood spray into moise 's face . int . mccleary's caddy , in front of joe 's mother' house - 115 day light , no siren ... firemen haul themselves back into the cab of they fire truck . the caddy park up opposite . Joe sit forward , scan the view through the windscreen ... the Fire truck pull away , revealing a black dodge Challenger - conspicuous on the genteel street . ext . back alley , mother 's house - day 116 Joe look up to the low roof at the rear of the house . int / ext . joe' bedroom - day 117 through the window we see Joe haul himself onto the low roof at the rear of the house . he continue to climb up to the 2nd floor . omitted 118 120 121 122 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 59 . int . mother' house , mother' bedroom - day 119 Joe drop into view onto the exterior balcony . he turn to the window . close on : Joe 's face as he stare in . int . bedroom , mother 's house - day 120 Joe 's Pov of he mother on the bed - a pillow over her face . there be a tear in it and powder burn scorch the pillow case . he stare down at she from the bedside . o.s. the creaking of floorboard in 2 separate place - 2 set of footfalls . the sound of a drawer be pull open , the crash of cutlery hit a floor .... int . upstair hallway , mother 's house - day ( flashback ) 121 close on : 8 - yr-old Joe 's shin , angry red welt , he stockinge foot step over a specific floorboard . int . joe 's bedroom , mother 's house - day 122 8 - yr-old Joe crouch in the wardrobe . hiding inside a plastic dry cleaning bag , he shallow breathe distort he face . 8-yr-old joe ( internally ) 313 , 312 , 311 ... ( beat ) o.s. creaking of shoe on the downstairs floorboard , the muffle sound of a man 's raise voice - growling . 8 - yr-old Joe hold he breath , listen , terrify . o.s. slap and thud , a woman moaning ... sobbing . 8 - yr-old Joe breathes again in relief . his face red with shame . 123 124 125 126 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 60 . 8-yr-old joe ( cont 'd ) ( internally ) 310 , 309 , 308 ... ( beat ) o.s. more slap and sob . 8 - yr-old Joe clamp he hand over he ear . int . upstair hallway , mother' house - day ( back to 123 present ) Joe stand at the top of the stair . unobserve he can see shadow move in the live room and dining area downstairs . o.s. Music from the kitchen radio drift up . int . bedroom , mother 's house - day 124 Joe lift the scorched pillow from he mother 's face . he reach down . close on : Joe gently set she glass on the bedside table alongside she hearing aide . the leave lens be shattered , drip with blood . int . upstair hallway , mother' house - day 125 o.s . one set of footstep move to the front door . Joe 's eye be close , head tilting from to one side to the other as he map the movement below he . the sound of the radio fade as the sound of movement increase . o.s . the sound of footstep walk over cutlery on dining area floor . int . live room , mother 's house - day ( flashback ) 126 the silver cutlery and mahogany case sparkle on the live room floor . Joe 's mother be slump beside it . his Father 's foot stride away , a bottle of whiskey swing in he free hand . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 60a . a Ball peen hammer drop to the floor . 127 128 129 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 61 . 8 - yr-old Joe watch from underneath the sofa . his mother stare at he . blood run from she ear . int . upstair hallway , mother' house - day 127 Joe be at the top of the stair . Eye 's close in concentration . his finger move onto the trigger of mccleary 's gun . int . staircase - hallway , mother 's house - day . 128 Joe come down the stair like a express train , gun draw . one continuous move take he as he spin , fire two shot in quick succession . a long eerie silence break by the beep of a income text message and the faint sound of a gunman 's fingernails scratch at the floor . reveal - one gunman keel over . Dead . the other be on he belly , crawl away towards the kitchen . int . kitchen , mother 's house - day 129 stay low Joe stand over to the body of the dead gunman . he rifle through he jacket pocket for he phone - read the text ... '' be he there yet ? " Joe type , '' all quiet '' and hit send . close on : Joe 's hand fill a glass of water from the faucet . the same 1990 pop hit hear in Kuwait play from the radio . he grab a chintzy tea towel then slide down the sink unit to the floor . close on : the bottle pill from the Midtown drug dealer - Joe shake out 2 pill . he downs one ... the 2nd gunman lie slump across from Joe . he 's in bad shape , bleed out from the bullet to the stomach . Joe , toss the gunman the chintzy tea towel . the gunman use he free hand to limply clutch it to he stomach to staunch the bleed . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 61a . Joe crawl towards he , feed he the other pill , hold the glass of water to he lip . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 62 . Joe pull himself into a sit position beside the gunman . the gunman look at he , unfocus . joe where 's the girl ? a hard CUT in the o.s. Radio music . later in the song , a different tempo . time have pass . gunman Far away ... a hard CUT in the 0.s. Radio music . gunman ( cont 'd ) ( eye glaze ) safer than she dirty old man . Joe be now on the other side of the gunman . he rest he finger on the man 's neck - feel he pulse . joe you work for he ? gunman ... the other way round . the gunman smirk , look about to pass out . gunman ( in sync with lyric on the kitchen radio ) ( cont ’d ) I wish someone have talk to I like I want to talk to you . joe what do you have on he ? gunman ... I run out of place and friendly face ... [ ...].. I have be to paradise but I have never be to I ... he spark out . a hard CUT in the 0.s. Radio music . Joe nudge the gunman again gunman ( cont 'd ) the mother know . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 62a. the gunman 's suddenly wide awake stare with hyper alertness . he reach for Joe 's hand , take it and hold it tight . 130 131 132 133 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 63 . joe where 's the girl ? the gunman stare at he . past he . Joe gently take the gunman 's hand that still clutches the blood - soak chintzy tea towel to he stomach . gunman her old man know . he press it firmly over the gunman 's nose and mouth . int . joe 's bedroom , mother 's house - day ( later ) 130 o.s the screech of duct tape — wrench from the roll . in the mirror : Joe have redress the gauze on he jaw . he smooth a strip of silver duct tape over the dress , sealing in he neck and lower ear . omitted 131 omitted 132 int . bedroom , mother 's house - day 133 close on : Joe 's hand lift he mother foot . he gently remove she tiny floral slipper , place they on the floor at the foot of she bed . close on : Joe 's face as he lift he mother up delicately by the shoulder . her frail back come into view . Long silver hair fall loose from its chignon . Joe blink , almost crack for a second . he lay he mother gently back down on the bed . Joe comb she tangle hair smooth with the brush from she dresser . close on : the hairbrush as he set it down on the bedside 134 135 136 137 138 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 64 . table . wisp of silver hair waft from it . Joe pick up a lipstick . he hold it to he nostril , inhale . close he eye . omitted 134 int . mccleary 's caddy , queen street - day ( later ) 135 Joe drive out of queen . close on : Joe 's finger as he toggle down the window switch . o.s . the garbage bag ripple noisily in the breeze CUT to : Joe 's sink eye rimmed with cold sweat - glue to the rear view mirror . in its reflection the black plastic cling to he mother 's face , define the outline of she feature like a death mask . Joe send the window back up . ext . approach to GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - day ( later ) 136 the caddy take the harlem River Dr. North to the lower level of the George Washington and cross into Jersey . int . mccleary caddy , woodland , new jersey - day ( later ) 137 Joe drive across a river dam . ext . woodland , new jersey - dusk ( later ) 138 from behind : Joe wind through woodland down a steep dirt path , cradling he mother 's body as he footfalls falter on the uneven ground . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 64a . the arching branch open up to reveal the edge of a vast lake . 139 140 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 65 . ext . woodland , lakeside , new jersey - dusk 139 the shroud form of Joe 's mother lie in state across a broad rock at the water 's edge . close on : Joe 's hand precisely place a neat row of personal effect , the photograph of Nina , mccleary 's gun , amongst the foliage at the edge of lake . close on : Joe 's hand as he scoops up a heavy flat rock . ext . woodland , lake - dusk 140 underwater : Joe 's foot stumble across the coarse shale of the lake bed . Joe wade chest deep into the river push he mother 's corpse ahead of he . flat rock weigh she down so that she barely touch the surface of the water . he gently immerse the plastic bundle and with he fingertip tear open a small hole to the side of she head . snow white hair pour out into the black water , wafting like reed . silently the black plastic crimp and flexe as air leach from it . as Joe walk deeper the small body slowly sink below the surface in he arm . the water reach he eye . underwater - the pocket of he suit bulge with rock from the lakeside . he take another step forward and disappear under the surface . CUT to : underwater : in a limitless black void Joe and he mother be in embrace . the black shroud , cocoon tight around she . she seem tiny , the size of child as he cling to she . her silver hair loosen and waft in the water , whirling around he head and shoulder ... glint , beckone strand of light . Joe 's mother 's shroud descend into the depth . Joe drift away from she . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 65a . a crack , muffle , from above the surface of the water ... 141 142 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 66 . a whoosh and almighty subaqueous crash as a thirty foot mass of dead tree smashes into and under the surface , almost on top of Joe , its branch spearing out underwater ... Joe 's eye snap open in a underwater churn of bubbles and trunk ... on he wide eye ... he close he mouth , he chest clenches . joe' Pov - underwater , against a limitless black void , the diaphanous figure of nina , she nightdress flow around she . ext . hudson river , paninade - dusk 141 following joe - his clothes be drip wet . the rhythm of he sodden shoe the only sound . o.s Nina 's countdown continuous ... nina 's voice ( 0.s. ) 220 , 219 , 218 .. omitted 142 143 144 145 146 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 67 . omitted 143 int . amtrak ' empire service 's train - night 144 Joe 's head lean against the glass of the window . his sunday suit leech moisture into he seat . o.s Nina 's countdown continuous ... nina's voice ( 0.s. ) 217 , 216 , 215 .. her voice merge with the beat of train track . Joe stare unblink through the business compartment window . nearby , a man reach for he suitcase from a overhead , he walk up the aisle , Joe take a moment to notice he black shiny shoe . CUT to : ext . sheraton rooftop , NYC - night ( in joe 's imagination ) 145 0.s. the whisper of nina 's counting , 97 , 96 , 95 ... close on : a man 's shiny black shoe be slip off of he foot , we follow he foot up onto the ledge of a roof . nina ( 0.s. ) do not tell mommy ... a montage of image and dialogue - overlap and confuse - underscore to the rhythm of the train track ... omitted 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 68 . int . brothel ( joe' imagination ) 147 Senator Williams cry , Nina with she back turn to he . CUT to : int . lotte NY palace HOTEL - day ( joe' imagination ) 148 Senator Williams cry , votto take it in . CUT to : int . lotte NY palace HOTEL - day ( joe' imagination ) 149 .+.- votto have Joe 's hand in a firm handshake . he place he other hand on top of Joe 's - intimate . gunman ( 0.s. ) ( pain , whisper ) we clean up he mess . CUT to : int . parking garage - night ( joe' imagination ) 150 the smiley face on the car window beside Nina have begin to run - tear of a clown . CUT to : int . lotte NY palace HOTEL - day ( joe' imagination ) 151 close on : votto raise he forefinger to he lip ina gesture of secrecy . CUT to : int . senton HOTEL - night 152 close on : Nina 's tiny foot disappear out of view as the door to room 719 snap shut . CUT to : 153 a153 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 68a . ext . lake - dusk 153 a girl 's pale bare feet ( Nina 's ) dart between black tree trunk , stutter in and out view . the briefest of glimpsis , then she be go . omitted a153 154 155 156 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 69 . int . joe' mother' house - night 154 Joe 's face as the clear plastic bag be suddenly suck onto he skin , distorting he feature into a inhuman mask . votto ( 0.s. ) her name be Nina do I mention that . CUT to : omitted 155 int / ext . rental car . votto' constituency office - day 156 few sign of life as a solitary intern man the phone . across the street Joe watch the campaign office from the front seat of a rental car . he be wear the dishevel Sunday suit . he lift a hershey bar to he mouth and take a bite of chocolate . a slow zoom . closer on Joe . votto exit he constituency meeting accompany by two surly bodyguard — in dark suit . they lead he to he car . on Joe - he attention drift from votto to he bodyguard . as one open the rear door of votto 's car a conceal gun holster peep through he jacket open . the 2nd man have a grasp on votto 's elbow as he edge he into he seat . both man wear earpiece . Joe watch as the car slowly pull away - votto 's face in the rear be set in a grim expression . CUT to : 157 158 159 160 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 70 . Joe 's hand ball up the hershey wrapper and drop it on the passenger seat . it land beside 5 other identically screw up hershey wrappers . int . motel room , bathroom , albany - night . 157 steam rise from the bathtub . a slow zoom . the bare bulb illuminate the room shimmer in the steam . Joe lie in the water with a wet face towel obscure he eye and mouth . a slow zoom . closer on Joe . his breathe under the towel be wet and labour . his eye socket sink . omitted 158 int . motel room , albany - night . 159 Joe 's sunday suit hang on the back of the bathroom door , wrap in a albany dry cleaner 's plastic bag . a ball peen hammer , duct tape & cable tie lie on the motel bed . o.s . the sound of tear duct tape . a pause in the tear sound . wet labour breathe ... int / ext . joe' rental car , country road - dusk . 160 Joe 's hand rest on the wheel of he hire car . the distant shape of votto 's car trace ahead on the country road . joe drive , he eye implacable - fix on the road ahead . a white rabbit - flaring in the glare of car headlamps . 161 162 163 163a 164 165 166 167 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 71-71a . it run ahead - mesmerically - in sync with the speed of car CUT to : Nina 's foot . running fast in the road ahead . ext . william 's house , bethlehem - dusk 161 a mansion build in colonial style . Joe step into view , hammer in hand . ext . william 's house , bethlehem - dusk 162 Joe run towards camera hammer raise . ext . william 's house , bethlehem - dusk 163 another angle of the mansion . all be dark except one light window on the top floor . ext . william 's house , gate bethlehem - dusk 163a another angle of the swim pool . ext . william 's house , gate , bethlehem - dusk 164 the 1st bodyguard lie face down , incapacitate . int . kitchen william 's house - night 165 Joe move through a brightly light kitchen leave a guard down in he wake . int . hall , william 's house - night 166 Joe slowly move through the house , hammer in hand . omitted 167 168 169 169a 170 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 72 . omitted 168 int . staircase , william 's house - night . 169 Joe gently climb the staircase . the hammer jutting from the back pocket of he pants . omitted 169a int . william 's house , upper landing - night 170 pad through the plush carpet . he move along a upper landing , on he leave , the open door of a regal master bedroom , empty . the king size bed be undisturbed . Joe move on through the long wood - panell corridor , he be draw to the mysterious sound of muffle music . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 72a . nina 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( whisper , overlap ) shhhh ... 91 , 90 , 89 171 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 73-74 . int . bedroom , william 's house - night 171 in Joe 's imagination . Williams fix the toy on the shelf , a doll 's house with tiny furniture , teddy bear . he smell Nina 's pillow . touches the material of she clothes to he cheek . smoothes out she bed ... on Joe as he approach the foot of the bed . he stop and stare . we hold on Joe 's face as he look suddenly change . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 73a-75 . we see Williams , slump to the floor , he throat be slit , blood have pool around he lifeless body . we cut back to Joe , the shock fade from he face and give way to a gamut of emotion . he laugh , he cry , he be full of rage , he be exhaust , he fall apart . there be nothing leave of Joe . Joe begin to mumble something indiscernible , he repeat something , again , and again , each time it grow a little louder and louder again . joe I must do better sir , I must do better sir , I must do better sir , I must do better sir ... Joe repeat it , again and again , over this repetition , a amazing high energy pop song swell to full pitch . he stop repeat himself . he listen to the music , Joe be euphoric , elate , light . 172 172a 172b 173 174 175 176 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 76 . int . staircase , william 's house - night 172 on he way down and through the house after discover Williams 's corpse , Joe will see Joe 's mother , Joe 's Father , and four chinese girl . Joe descend the stair as though in a trance . he see the hand of a old lady . it be Joe 's mother . joe' mother ( sing ) a you be adorable , B you be so beautiful , C you be a cutie full of charm ... int . room , william 's house - night 172a Joe see a young boy stand head against a wall in a room . it be he 8 - year old self . 8 -yr old joe I must do better sir , I must do better sir , I must do better sir , I must do better sir ... he see a man with a towel over he head , like the man in the Russian bath . it be Joe 's late Father . int . dine room , william 's house - continuous 172b Joe come upon Nina wear a new outfit . on the table be the remain of a meal for two . a whole chicken , half devoure . a empty bottle of wine , dregs in a glass . a split fruit bowl . Nina have blood on she and have a cutthroat razor . dialogue and action between Joe and Nina tbd . Nina and Joe leave . omitted 173 omitted 174 omitted 175 omitted 176 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 76a . 177 omitted 177 178 179 180 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 77 . omitted 178 ext . gas station - dawn 179 Joe stand sentry at a gas pump . the dollar slowly climb on the digital display . it be interminable . ext . road side diner - dawn 180 Joe be sit at the table . his gaze be fix on where he be previously stand . eileen Barton 's if I knew you be come I would have bake a cake drift from a tinny PA , reflect off plastic surface . a few traveller now populate the diner ... a middle aged man sit beside a oxygen tank , draw breath through a hand hold mask - a woman and she teenage daughter , schoolwork spread in front of they - a elderly couple loudly discuss a imminent hospital visit - a pair of suit , commuter , en route to the city . Joe suck the last drop of a milk shake from a metal cup . Joe have drank it too quickly , he have a brain freeze . it be painful , but he work through it , he then reach for a second milkshake from a group of three other empty milkshake glass . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 78 . a cacophony of voice rise above the music , punctuate with the wheeze of oxygen inhalation ... voice ( 0.s . ) but you gotta take you pill Frank ... 40 X 23 equal ... I can not take it anymore ... drive like a dream ... stare straight ahead Joe reach into he overcoat pocket . he pull out mccleary 's snub nose . the muzzle push firmly under he chin ... nina's voice ( 0.s. ) 11 , 10 , 9 ... the gun fire . a explosion of blood exit wound gore and matter spray in all direction , splattering table , chair , donut and diner . the commuter couple and they breakfast plate . but they keep on eat . the man with the oxygen mask . but he keep on gulp . the woman and she daughter . math homework now ink in red . the elderly couple ... blood drip from the old lady 's wobble chin as she slurp a fork full of runny egg into she mouth . the Old man pour a huge dollop of syrup over he bloody pancake . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 78a . old lady easy on the syrup Frank , you know you be not allow tha ... goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 79 . elderly man , frank . ( through a mouthful ) goddammit ! I can not have shit ! blood pump over the edge of Joe 's table and flow thickly to the tile floor . a waitress 's foot nimbly step over the spread pool , a brim coffee decanter in she hand . waitress ( 0.s. ) Joe ? Joe ( alive ) , turn measuredly to face she . the waitress be Nina . she look down at Joe , lift the coffee decanter to indicate she 's offer a refill ... Joe look down to the ground . beside the pool of blood Nina 's bare foot . nina ( 0.s. ) Joe ?.... Joe look up ... smile at she as he hold up he cup . joe you save my life . CUT to : the waitress ( 35 ) smile , fill up Joe 's cup . waitress I know I need at least five cup in the morning just to get the engine run . ( beat ) you ok honey ?... ( beat ) ) you look like death . Joe smile at she . joe I just wake up . waitress ( rote ) well have a nice day . goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 t9a . joe ( sincerely ) you have a nice day too . he look out the window . 181 182 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 80 . the waitress catch he eye line , take in the view . she turn and head back to the other waitress who be coo over a mewl newborn in its mother arm . above the low building of the Travel Plaza orange dawn catch fire along the edge of the grey shroud sky . joe ( cont 'd ) it 's a nice day . curt to later : close on : a $ 100 bill , tuck under the edge of Joe 's coffee cup . a bloody thumb print glisten over the treasurer 's signature . the waitress take the bill from the table and blankly stare off . Joe be go . ext . roadside diner - day 181 Joe stride across the parking lot . his face be focuss , he movement be purposeful . off black the trunk of the rental swing open , revealing Joe . he toss the Glock in . Joe Pov : - the dead gunmen 's pistol , suppressor , mccleary 's revolver , three new hammer - the tool of he trade all in triplicate . int . joe 's rental car , roadside diner - dawn 182 Joe fire he car 's ignition , the radio come on . close on , Joe sit behind the wheel . 183 184 goldenrod page - 8.29.2016 81 . ext . road side diner - dawn 183 Joe 's car pull out of the diner 's lot . nina 's voice ( 0.s. ) 8 , 7 , gee int . joe' rental car , interstate 95 - dawn 184 the first ray of the rise sun flare the lens with searing white light illuminate the freeway sign . close on : Joe , he eye fix on the road ahead , he face set with a look of sheer determination . nina 's voice ( 0.s. cont ’d ) 3 , 2 , 1. CUT to Black . kkk