you come along by Donald E , westlake fade ins ext . port authority bus terminal - day '' long shot , bus crosa the high ramp over other building and into the bus terminal . camera pan toward one bua as it crest the arch and start its descent . eugene ( vo ) my son be on that bus . ( Eugene 's delivery be always flat , expository , never emotional ; almost dragnet . 4 the bus enter the dark cavern of the terminal . int . port authority bus terminal - day matt bailey , 30ish , a batter rock in peacoat and jeans , canvas duffelbag over he shoulder , ride down the escalator with other arrive passengers . eugene ( vo ) he 's come to see I . int . subway - day Matt , with different passengers , ride down a second escalator toward the subway . his expression be inward , unengage . eugene ( vo ) we have not be in touch in five year . more . int . subway platform - day Matt board a train . ' the door close . camera pan to watch it rush into the dark tunnel , eugene ( vo ) we never be close , int . fernal boulevard subway station - night camera look along the platform , along the stop train on the right side of frame . Matt step out onto the platform . he stop , look around at what be clearly familiar to hin . he 's try to find pleasure in the familiar , but it be not work . the train move , past camera and go . Matt be frame against the black tunnel at the end of the platforn . he step forward . eugene ( vo ) we never even like each other much . ext , fernal boulevard - night dusk . Color drain from the day , but not yet night . Matt emerge from the subway station and walk off , away from camera . he do not hesitate ; he know this area . eugene ( vo ) now hse feel he need I . ext . 163rd row - night Matt come around the comer , look @iagonally across the atreet past camera , stop dead , bewilder and unbely . eugene ( vo ) but I be not there . matte Pov : the block 19 @ row of narrow apartment building , mostly the width of two small apartment . they be five or six storey high , build at different time in the last fifty year in various stylea , toward this end of the block , the focus of Matt 's attention be on two very modern building of the same sort , side by side ; clearly the moat recently build on the block . previous shot . Matt cross the street . he stand in front of the building on hia right , look up at it , at the other one on the leave , then up and down the block . he 's eatymy . he can not go forward . he look at the rightward building again . cu : the building number , 19.45 " previous shot . Matt look at the twin building . cus the building number , " 19 - 47 " wide shot , Matt turn away , walka diagonally back aorosa the street toward the corner he come around , there 's a deli on the corner . he enter , int . deli - night a narrow deep store , bright - light . two hispanic men work behind the counter , one make sandwich , the other at the Cash register . four male customer wait on line . Matt enter , approach the sandwich maker . matt that new building , when would they go up ? the sandwich man glance up indifferently , shrug , go back to the sandwich . two of the customer frown at Matt , at the question . Matt move toward the cash register man . a customer , a burly tough guy , sfeak to Matt . he 's one of the onea who react to the question . customer there 's a line here , pal . matt I have just get a question . louder , to clerk ) that new building . how long they be up ? the cash register man shrug , concentrate on hie work . customer they do not know nothing . they be not from here . Matt focus on the customer . mati be you from here ? customer all my life . matt that two new building across the street . with when would they go up ? customer ( think it over ; then ) ten year ago , maybe . matt ( definite ) no. the other customer who would react to Matt 's first question speak . customer 2 twelve year ago . definitely . matt no. gustomer 2 listen , I remember it , I sub-contracted sone of the plumbing . last construction around here . matt ( simple statement ) five yeara ago , I be in a different '' building over there . customer 2 ( aggresaive ) you call I a liar ? Matt do not get this . why the hostility ? ' the firat customer also look ready for a fight . Matt look around , see there 's nothing to be gain , shrug . matt I will let you know . he shoulder through they and outside . they frown after he , angry , maybe upset . ext . 163rd row - night Matt stop on the sidewalk , at a loss . on the corner across 163rd row be Dave 's bar , dark , top by a dim red neon sign . diagonally across be a dry cleaner 's , SOUND of gate rattling shut . Matt look toward the dry cleaner , matte Pov : the owner be just close up . wide angle , as Matt cross to the dry cleaner . two shot . the dry cleaner , finish with the hasp lock on the gate , straighten , be a little scared to see Matt suddenly there . Matt pute up a hand to calm he , speak gently . matt I juet have a question . owner ( relax ) sure . if I can . matt ( point ) that new building down there . when do they go up ? owner ( waffling ) New building ? matt forty -five and forty - seven down there . owner ( jovial ) : that be not new . not new . they '' gotta be a dozen year old . matt ( positive ) that can not be , owner Excuse I . the wife worry , he duck around Matt , hurry away down the street . Matt look after he , dissatisfied . he turn away . a angle on the deli . customer 2 come out with a amall bag , stop to look across the street . customer Pov : Matt crossea the street to enter dava 'a . previous shot , the customer look troubled , worried . he walk away slowly , think . int . dave be - night a square dark joint , bar on one side , booth on the other , a few regular at the bar , no one at the booth . Matt cross to the pay phone , looka in the directory , shuta it , cross to sit at the bar , near no one . the barman , 60ish , heavy , probably a ex-cop , leave he conversation at the far end of the bar and come down to Matt . barman yes , sir . matt draft . the barman draw a beer . matt I get @ question , but I be almost afraid to sek it . barman that be the question I be here for . matt I do not even get to the question , I ask the question in front of it , and the answer do not make any sense . barman { jocular ) this the firat bar you be in today ? matt nlift beer glasa ) this be the first bar I have be in in five year , ( drink ) barman maybe you wait too . long . matt so let I turn it the other way around , I be lock for my father . barman okay . matt he 's suppose to live on this block . I visit he , five year ago , on this block . I leave something with he . barman okay . matt I come back , the building 's go . barman ( intereated ) you mean , just a space ? matt no , there 's another building there . barman okay . matt I want to know what happen . I ask a couple people around here , and I start , I say when do that new building go up , they say ten year ago , twelve year ago . five year ago , I sit in my father 's live room it 's go . barman maybe you get the wrong block . 's matt it 's not the wrong block . it 's oo ) thiga block . barman look to the phone book . matt he be not in there . barman maybe you shoulda write first . matt maybe I should . but the question be , where 's my old man ? '' barman not in here . you want another ? matt yeah . you get anything to eat ? barman I could microwave you something . I will get you the menu , he go off . Matt look at himself in the mirror , matt ( vo ) just hold onto 1t . that 's all I ask . int . eugene's live room - night eugene bailey , 601sh , scrawny , irritable , sita ina sagey armchair , hold a amall white envelope as though he would rather not have it . Matt stand in front of hin , urgent , press . the live room be nondescript , except that over the sofa 1s a strong head - and - shoulder portrait of a beautiful bleck -haire woman . eugene you be gonna be a bum all you life . matt not with that . not 1f you hold on to that . and do not talk about it to anybody . eugene I never talk about you to anybody . what would I say ? : matt I will see you in five , six , seven , year . whenever , eugene ( flat , fatalistic ) oh , I know you will be back . ext . 163rd row - night wide angle , straight at the two new buildinga . no traffic or pedestrian , : eugene ( vo ) ( repetition , fade ) oh , I know you will be back . Matt enter frame from leave , crossing toward the building . he stop in front of 45 , look up at its window , some light , then go up the step and into the vestibule . . int , vestibule - night Matt looke at the row of doorbella , finger move down then , stop . insert : the bell , and the card : " 3 B romero " Matt think about push the bell , then realize it 's pointless . he turn to exit as a woman enter , this be vivian romero , 30ish , sharp , sure of herself and beautiful . she give Matt a surprised look . vivian look for somebody ? matt nobody here , vivian then you should look somewhere else . she turn to the inner door , dismiss hin , matt could I ask you a question ? vivian ( e001 look ) T doubt it . matt how long you live here ? vivian ( surprised ) : what kind of a queation be that ? '' Three and a half yeara . matt do you have any idea when this place be build ? vivian ( amused } it never even occur to I to wonder . matt ( give up ) you be right . I should go somewhere else , he turn toward the outer door . she look at he , attention catch , imterest pique . vivian you in some sort of trouble ? matt I do not think I wae . I come here to aee my old man . he 's go , the whole building 's go . vivian when be the last time you see hin ? matt five year ago , vivian you do not keep in close touch . be you gonna crash with hin ? matt I do not know . yeah , I guess go . vivian this you first day out ? matt ( startle ) what do you mean ? vivian oh , come on . you have get prison write all over you . 10 Matt 's surprised , but laugh . matt + thanks for the warning . vivian you be not a sex offender , be you ? matt ( grin ) never have any complaint . vivian ( ignore that ) what 's you name ? matt Matt Bailey . vivian ( extend she hand ) vivian romero . matt ( take she hand } oh. Three B. she pull she hand back , give he a suspicious look . vivian and ? matt * that be my old man 's apartment number . I look on the bell there . vivian oh . same apartment , that 's nice . kismet . come on up , let 's see if we can connect you with you old man . matt I 'a like that . she unlock the inner door , and they enter . int . lobby - night very modern , but lower middle class . Matt study averything as they cross to the elevator , which be at this level . vivian open its door : and they enter . ww int . elevator - night they stand side by side , face front , as the elevator ~ start up . then he look at she profile . ma you be not as cautious as most woman . vivian ( face front ) I be meaner than most woman . he absorb that , nod , face front . the elevator stop . int , live room - night Black , the hall door open , let in light , and then vivian switch on light as she and Matt enter . the room ia very stark , underfurnished , angular . vivian have a seat , you want a drink ? matt if you get beer , vivian I think ao . as she leave the room , she calla back to he . vivian what do you father do ? matt ( call ) he use to be in o11 exploration . Central America , South America mostly . now he do not do anything . vivian ( CC ) ( call ) be with you in a minute , Matt pute he duffel in a corner , then wander the room , look out at the street , wander , stop to look at the side wall . there 's nothing on it , just a white wall . matte Pov : slowly the portrait we see in Eugene 'a apartment materialize on the wall , a angle on Matt , look at the wall , a sense of losa strong on he feature , 12 two shot , as vivian come in to see Matt stare at the blank wall . she 's change into bometh more casual and provocative , and she 's carry a tray on which be two pilsner glass of beer . he turn , see she , and grin . matt you be not a beer drinker , vivian depend who I be with . he take a glass , she the other , put the tray down , she sit on the sofa , gesture for he to sit beside she , but he take the armchair near she instead . vivian maybe he 's dead . matt maybe . but then he would have , uh , effect . ~ vivian a estate . matt ( sour laugh ) not even a leanto . ( glance at blank wall ) but there be a few thing ... she coneider hin . vivian maybe you can answer a question I have always have . matt yeah ? vivian be there such a thing as a sentimental value ? Matt grin and noda and hold up he glage toward she . matt depend who you be with . she laugh , then get to she foot . vivian I be a work girl , I need my sleep . you can bunk on the sofa tonight , if you want . 13 . matt thanks . oy vivian ( point ) the kitchen 's there , the bathroom 's there . you do not need to go down that hail . matt get it . vivian see you in the morning . she exit . he sit hold hie @lase in both hand , brood . ext . 163rd row ~ night wide shot , 45 , as the last few 11t window go dark , int . live room - night camera pan toward the sofa , where Matt lie under a throw , hia coat , pants and shirt be on the armchair . his eye be open , move with he thought . the room be very dark . eugene ( vo ) construction and demolition , sunny Jim . it 's all construction and demolition , Matt 's eye close . slow fade . int . live room - day a angle on the window , bright with hazy light . camera pull back to find Matt waking up , sit up . he yawn , see a note on the coffee table , pick it up , read it . he look around , shrug , drop the note back onto the coffee table , get to he foot . he 's wear short . he oross to look out the window , ext , 163rd row - day matte Pov . a bright but hazy day . no pedestrian , little traffic . diagonally across the way , a black car 1s park . exhaust come from its tailpipe . int . live room ~ day Matt move away from the window , past camera . later . room empty , SOUND of shower . 14 later . in different shirt , same trousers , toweling he hair , Matt cross to look out the window , ' 's ext . 163rd row - day matte Pov . the car 4s still there . int , live room - day Matt move away from the window . later . carry coffee cup in one -hand , toaat in the other , Matt cross to look out the window . he noda at what he 8ee8 , standa there drink and eat . later . Matt finish repack he duffel . he look around the room , shoulder the duffel , leave , ext . 163rd row - day close on the black car , 45 in bg , Matt exit the building , cross toward the car . before he reach it , its streetaide rear door opena and detective JOHN wygand get out . he 's beefy , 40ish , bad - tempere . Matt keep walk toward he . two shot , as Matt reach he . matt you want to talk to I ? wygand like to see some id . matt so would I . wygand amirke , already a little angry , and hold up he shield case beside he face . wygand wygand , detective second grade . Matt put the duffel on the ground , reach for he wallet . matt Bailey , parolee . wygand you report to you case worker yet ? Matt extend hia driver 's license ; wygand take it . 15 matt T get till five o'clock today . wygand this 18 a expire license , matt it ‘'a still the same face . I '11 get the license renew . wygand give back the license , gesture at the car . wygand let 's sit and be comfortable . Matt shrug . wygand open the door and Matt slide in , wygand follow . int . wygand be car - day two man in the front seat . fhe driver ia zack field , black , wiry , snaky , twenty . the passenger 18 charlie gustafson , 50ish , lazy , very overweight . both be cop in plainclothea . Matt slide over behind Charlie as wygand get in and shuta the door . wygand why not let Charlie hold onto that duffel , give we some room back here ? - Matt shrug and give the duffel to Charlie , who immediately open it and search through tt . Zack start the car move forward . ext . ST , crispin - day at the far corner from the deli , there 's a small Catholic church , brownstone , father breen , gaunt , 40ish , in cassock , stand smoking by the front door , he look down the street . ext . 163rd row - day breen's Pov ; the black car move this way . int . wygand be car ~ day breen can be see in ba . wygand give that license to Zack , will you ? matt sure . 16 he struggle he wallet out and give the license to Zack . then he look out the window and catch breen 's eye as | they go by . he look at breen . ext . ST . crispin ~ day frown slightly , breen look after Matt until the car gue on into the next block . int . wygand be car - day Zack , in fg , while he drive , punch tnformation fron Matt 's license into the on-board computer . Matt and wygand be visible behind he , matt where be we go ? wygand you tell I . to see you parole officer , keep you out of trouble . matt 1'11 get to he . wygand that 's what I be say . which office ? matt World Trade Center , wygand ( surprised ) Manhattan ? what be you do down here ? matt I come to see my father . wygand how be he ? matt I do not know . gone. wygand he move ? matt the whole building move . wygand how long be you in ? 17 matt five year , , wygand you father ever visit ? matt no . wygand send you any letter ? matt : no . wygand you ever write to he ? matt no . wygand so maybe he do not want to see you . ' move away , do not want to see you . matt he want to see I , wygand for five year , he know where you be . if he want you to know where he be , he could have tell you . he move , he do not tell you . he do not want to see you , matt I tell you , the whole building move . wygand I do not know what you mean by that . matt neither do I . not yet . wygand frown at Matt . he kmowe he doas not have the handle yet . ext . manhattan bridge - day wygand 's car croase toward Manhattan . zack ( vo ) okay . 18 int . wygand be gar - day Matt watch the outside world . '' + wygand ( to Zack ) tell I about it . zack Fifteen to twenty - five grand larceny . wygand ( to Matt ) you get out in the minimum . you must be a good boy . Matt shrug , still look outward . zack Bank , outside Rochester , wygand ( to Matt ; smirk ) Bank . Cause that 's where the money da , right ? matt some of it . zack a hundred forty thousand still miss , Matt look at the back of Zack 's head . matt it burn up in the car . I tell then . wygand a hundred forty thousand , five year . under thirty thousand a year . you could make that in wage . matt it burn up in the car . wygand ~ maybe that 's why you father do not want to see you , huh ? Matt shrug and look out the window . wygand grin at the back of he head . he think he understand now . 19 ext . world trade CENTER - day wygand 's car pull to a stop at the curb , '' int . wygand be car - day as before . wygand Charlie , give Mr. Bailey he duffel . Charlie extend it over the seatback , Matt take it , wygand Mr. Bailey . Matt look at he . wygand you father 's go . maybe he doublecrogsed you , maybe he do not , maybe he 's dead , I do not know . he ia not there , and he do not tell you where he be move . you parole officer 1a in Manhattan . I do not want you in my precinct again . Matt waita to find out if there 's go to be any more , then open the car door , wygand do you hear I ? matt I hear you . Matt get out of the car , ext . world trade CENTER - day a angle above the car , toward the building . wygand and Zack be visible in the car . Matt walka across the broad aidewalk , wygand and Zack watch he . wygand turn to speak to Zack , who put the car in gear . the car movea out of frame . Matt walk on into the darkness inside the building . ext . fernal boulevard - night the subway entrance . Matt come out of there , duffel over shoulder , ag last night . he pause , look around , move off . 20 ext . 163rd row - night Matt cross to 45 , enter the vestibule , . int . vestibule - night close on the button for 3b . Matt 's finger press it . a angle on Matt , wait at the door . beat . he ring the bell again . beat . he exit . ext . 163rd row - night Matt come out to the sidewalk , look up at the building . matt be Pov : vivian 's window , dark . previous shot . Matt hesitates , then go back up the atep . close on @ plaque , low to the right of the door . it read ; '' managing agent - shipfer , hallow , crescent " . Matt lean into frame to copy that into a notepad . wide shot , & 8 Matt come down to the sidewalk , walk to the leave corner of the building , look at the low part of the wall there , matte Pov : large plain brownstone block make up the corner , previous shot . Matt walk back past the entrance to the right corner of the building , study it the sane way . matte Pov : identical to the other corner . previous shot . Matt look around , unsure , look off to he right . matte Pov : the dimly light church at the far corner , int . rectory - night breen sit in a victorian live room , comfortable but dark and crowded , watch a garden show on tv . SOUND of dooryell . he react like anyone at work : duty call . he switch off the tv , rise , leave the room . camera hold on doorway , SOUND of front door open . SOUND of conversation , Matt enter , follow by breen . breen why do not you sit there ? they sit face one another . 21 breen you be with the police this . morning . '' matt they idea . breen ( amused ) it usually 1a , matt I be Matt -- Matthew Bailey , breen Father Joseph breen . what can I do for you ? matt can I ask , how long have you be here ? breen this parish ? just over two year . matt my father -- he would go to church sometimes , I wonder if you know he . breen what 's he namet matt Eugene Bailey . he use to live over there in forty - five . breen before my time , then . be you look for he , be that it ? matt he 's just go . breen how long since you have see he ? matt five year . I have be away , breen tell I about he . 22 matt we never get along too good . he be away &@ lot , oil exploration , Central America , South America , breen do he strike it rich ? matt ( bitter ) he should have , breen ( intrigue ) really ? matt he find a very good field . in belize . small but a deep producer . it should have make he rich , but he get cheat out of it . breen there be nothing he could do ? matt they have the money , the lawyer .. . it be a long time ago , it 's all ever , Rich people do not want anybody new to join thelr club . May they rot in hell . breen ( laugh ) qh , no . Rich people never go to heil , do not you know that ? matt what do you mean ? I think it be easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye than a rich man get into Heaven , breen nonsense . the rich be welcome &nywhere . do not you know what hell be ? matt maybe not . 23 - breen Hell be construct for people . who break the rule . poor people break the rule , out of necessity . Rich people do not break the rule . they go around the rule , or bend the rule , or go under the rule , or get a boost over the rule , but they do not break the rule , matt what kind of priest be you breen ( smile and shrug ) the priest for this pariah . why do you want to see you father now ? matt I want to know what 's go . on . Father , there 's something screwy here . there iat matt I be go five . year , I come back , ay father 's go , the whole building 's different , evarybody in the neighborhood aaya that building 's be there ten twelve year , I know that be not right . and there 's no cornerstone . breen cornerstonea ? matt most of that building , they get a cornerstone , tell you what year they be build . breen ah , of course , matt the other thing , I be here one night , there 's cop wait for I in the morning , drive I to Manhattan , tell I do not come back to this precinct . br : ( amused ) yet here you be , breen pick up 24 matt I gotta find out what happen . 's where 's my old man ? '' breen I will help 1 for I can . do you have @ place to stay tonight ? matt I think I do , but now I do not know . breen we : have & small dormitory downstairs here . there 's no one in it now , matt sound good . the phone , buzze for a interior call . breen janine , we have someone for the dormitory . oh , good . yea , fine . he hang up , stand . Matt also stand . breen janine will show you down , we can talk again in the morning , matt Fine . thanks for this . breen what we be here for . Matthew ? matt yes ? breen from what you have say , I be surprised you care go much about see you father . about see he at ali . matt he 's hold something for I . breen ts pleased to have this motivation clear up . breen ah. 25 janine enter . mid-twonties , good-look , very pale , conservatively dress , both demure and aloof . ' breen janine , this be Matthew Bailey , he will be stay with we for a day or so . 7 janine all right , Father . breen : Matthew , janine actually run this establishment . she 's pleased at the compliment , but do not look at matt. matt ( best behavior ) how be you ? she still do not look at he . janine Fine , thank you . Nice to meet you , breen would you show Matthew down ? janine yea . then I be off . breen Fine . good night , Matthew . matt good night , father . janine lead Matt out . breen ponder , int . hall ~ night dim light , furnish with bench and table and unlit lamp and religious painting . janine lead Matt . matt what be you do here ? janine ( face forward ) I be the housekeeper . I do not live here , I live over in the halfway house . matt ( kid ) ny halfway between what and what ? janine ( consider ; then ) between good girl and bad girl , matt which way you move ? she look sideways at he . she 's not friendly , janine away from man like you . he laugha , and raise defensive hand , admit defeat . matt q-kay . janine it 's down here , she open a door . she reach in , switch on a light , and a@ simple staircase , with wooden wall , lead downward . she starta down , he follow . int . dormitory - night pitch black . the door open , so that Matt and janine ure silhouett in the rectangle of light . she hita a light awitch and very bright ceiling fluorescent come on . it 's a fairly large room , spartan , with six single bed widely space . hach bed comea with a low dresser , a table lamp atop it , and @ metal fold chair . janine ( point ) the bathroom 's through there . you be the only one here now . Matt dislike the coldness and the whiff of institution . matt I be aurprise . you would think there would be @ run on this place . janine ( deadpan ) the price ia right . good night . matt good night . 27 she leave , he look around in dtataste . he move through the room , select the bed nearest the middle , switch of the lamp there . he go back to the door to switch off 's the overhead fluorescent . now the room be dim , except for the cone of amber light around that one bed . he cross back to it , sit on the side of the bed , look around at the other bed in the gloom . very faintly , coughing , snoring and muttere conversation can be hear . they fade away . he keep look around , grin . eugene ( vo ) he do not like this . it be not suppose to be like this . he be suppose to be in the plorida key by now , with all the money in the world . now he feel like a charity patient , I know my boy ; he will not take this for long . Matt look around at the empty bed , eye glint . slow fade . int , breakfast room - day in the rectory , a small fugsy room with three two - person table laid for breakfast , and a sideboard with juloe , coffee , roll , little box of cereal , stand at the sideboard ia buster flynn , 60ish , a ruin big man with heavy round shoulder , heavy forward - thrust head , a ex-boxer , punchdrunk , he steadily bob and weave ag he consider hia breakfast . he could be groove to inner music , or he could be evade punch , Matt enter , react cautiously to buster . buster see hin and start at once to talk . buster 's speech be rhythmic , like he movement , but almost spastic , out of control . buster oh , yea . oh , yea . you be here , last night . Matt cross to the sideboard , not too close to buster . matt that 's right . buster not I . not I , I could not come , ( confidential ; quiet elation ) I see the lady , matt ts that right ? 28 buster be ecstatic . huge smile , tear in he eye , he gaze skyward , buster she 's so beautiful . Matt pour juice and coffee and choose a roll , buster ( down a little ) not like the first time , though . matt that 's probably true . buster 's ecstatic again , vemember the first time . he gaze upward , open he arm like 4 flower open . buster in the sunlight ! up in the air} with all the smoke and the noise , and she be so beautiful . ( confidential ; beam ) she smile at I , matt that 's good . Matt cross to a table with he breakfast , sit . janine enter , buster '' sometimes I see she . never like the first time . that be real , now it 's like ghost . smile impersonally at they both , janine good morning . buster oh , janine . you know . janine ( indulgent smile ) yes , I know , buster . hava you two meet ? matt informally , 29 janine Matthew Bailey , buster Flynn , , buster point at Matthew , happy to have he name , as though it 's a nut he 's go to carry away and store . buster Matthew . matt ( polite , uninterested ) how be you , buster ? - janine buster stay here sometimes . he help around the church . buster ( mime it ) heavy lift . matt buster 's be tell I about the beautiful lady , buster ( happy ; point out ) she 's there , matt I think he might be meaning you , janine ignore the compliment in that , respond seriously . janine no , I think he mean the virgin Mary . buster she smile at I . in the sun . with 811 the smoke . janine buster , Father breen want you to ride with he to the co - op this morning . can you do that ? buster 's happy to have a jab , buster oh , yes . he move toward the door , happily point at Matt . he exit . she cross to 30 buster Matthew , ' janine mind if I join you matt be my guest . I have be yours . eet coffee . janine you sleep well ? matt ( dismissive shrug ) when I sleep . I wonder if you could help I with something . janine if I can . she sit across from he . he take the slip of paper from he pocket . matt the management firm over at forty - five , they be a outfit call shipfer , hallow , Crescent . I need a address , janine why ? matt I want to talk to they , find out when my father move , do he leave @n address , janine ( reach ) give I that , let I see what tr ean find . matt ( hand she slip ) I appreciate it . janine ( rare touch of humor ) part of the service . 31 she risea and leave the room . he eat hia breakfast , ext , court ST . - day '' Brooklyn , the County Court House face office building across the broad street . eugene ( vo ) Court Street , Brooklyn , where all the real estate shark in New York come to swim . ' the owner , the lawyer , the manager , the agent , they be all here , and they be all hungry . there 's always blood in the water on Court Street . Matt walk around the corner into view . he come partway down the block , enter a office building . int , julius' office - day a mid-level executive office , spacious but not a corner , sofa but not a seating area , at he desk , read a printout , 1a julius , black -haire , bald , shadow - bearded , 40ish , muscular , mean . SOUND of knock on door . he look up 48 & secretary enter . she look upset . secretary Mr. julius ... julius ( impatient ) yea . secretary Sir , there 's 4 man out here , we think , maybe you should deal with hin , julius why ? who 1s he ? secretary apparently , he father 's a former tenant . but he 's ask question -- we be not suppose to give out that information , julius tell he so . secretary ( hushed ) well . he 's rather . . . intimidating . 32 julius take this as a challenge , julius '' - oh , he 18 , 43 he ? send he in . secretary thank you , sir , she exit . julius gird himself , shifting in he chair , touch object on the desk , Matt enter , close the door behind himself , matt Mr. julius ? julius ( tough ) that 's right . I be tell -- with a friendly smile , Matt march toward the desk , hand atuck out for a shake . matt I be Matt balley . I apprectate you take the time for I , julius automatically put he own hand out . Matt atop just short of the desk , he hand not quite close enough . julius ia already 1 n the motion , and haa to awkwardly rise to lean forward and grasp he hand . both ahake firmly but briefly , and julius drop back into he chair as Matt take the chair face he . matt you people out there be very good , they do they job , they be right to be cautious , I need to speak to someone like you to find out what I want to know . julius ia wary , hostile and impatient , sulius and what be that ? matt my father , Eugene Bailey , use to be a tenant in a building you manage , nineteen dash forty - five one sixty - third row , julius one minute , 33 julius turn to he computer terminal , type in , study , julius do not julius '' + yes . it 's be we account for four year . matt that 's what they tell I outside . I think what I want be older . julius apparently the owner manage the property before then . matt that 's what I want , that 's what I need . the name of the ower . know why he have to handle this . julius that 's no problem . ( read from screen ) narcissus associate , matt not a corporation , the owner , julius 7 there 's a post office box number here , you can write -- matt I can not talk to a post office box . I need @ person . like you , julius then that 's why they could not help you outside . that 's the sort of information wee= Matt abruptly stand . he pace slowly in front of the desk . julius watch he , warier . matt you know , I use to be a violent guy , but then I learn , most of the time violence do not help . most of the time , violence make it worse , but every once ina while , violence be the only thing that will do the job . 34 Matt move quickly around the desk . startle , julius lunge for he phone . before he get to it , Matt chop down , edge of the hand , into the corner where julius ! ~ throat and shoulder meet , julius jerk backward , paralyze by pain , stare . Matt move the telephone farther away , stand over julius . matt it 's amazing , really , how much pain the body can take and not show a thing . this , for instance , stepping to the side , hand rigid , he give a short hard jab into julius 's kidney . julius arch he back , eye bulg , mouth open in a silent scream . Matt considera he , nod he approval , go back to sit down . matt you will be able to talk in a minute or two , while we be wait , let I explain the situation . what we be do 1s confidential between the two of we . I will not tell anybody where I get the information you give I , 4nd you will not mention to anybody that I waa here , Matt frown at julius , who 's breathe now in short gasp . matt there , it 's better already . the only thing I have get to mention , if you ever tell anybody about this meeting of ours , we be just gonna have to have another meeting . you ready now ? julius I -- I can not -- matt sure you can . take it slow and easy , you follow what I say so far ? julius nod , matt good , the owner 's name , julius ( hoarse ) alec oberman , . 35 ~ matt alec oberman . and he home addresa , julius hesitates . Matt lean toward hin , queation : do we have to start again ? julius you will not find he at home . if I tell you -- matt I will never repeat a word you aay . no one will know it 's from you . julius and you will not -- matt ( smile ) that 's right , I will not have a reason to come back , julius consider a second longer , breathe hard , then nod . julius he 's part owner of a nightclub , the Blue narcissus , in the Park Avenue Hotel . the word be , he love it there . that 's the one place you be sure to find he . at night . matt Blue narcissus in the Park Avenue Hotel . alec oberman , ( stand ) Mr. julius , I appreciate it . you have be a great help . do not get up , I will find my way . Matt leave , julius 's eye on he . julius lean forward , press both forearm on the desk , ease some of the pain . he breathes 4 bit , look at the phone , then reach for the phone , and the movement give he a new spasm . shock , he pull the arm back . his breathe ia more rag , he 's sture ; then he calm down . he look at the phone ; the desk ; the phone ; the deak . he hate it , but he know he be not go to make the call . move cautiously , he draw the printout closer , leana over it , determinedly go on with he read . 36 ext . park avenue - night Matt come walk up the avenue . he 's dress ag well ’aa possible , out of the duffel . a gray workshirt and a dark thin tie . Dark slack , a wrinkle dark sport jacket . he look ahead , matte Pov : marquee of the Park Avenue Hotel . cab pull up , guest move in and out , doorman and bellboys at work . wide shot , the hotel , as Matt arrive and enter , int . lobby - night beige marble , dully gleam . vast low overstuff aofas , Persian carpet . many elaborate floor lamp . Matt move through 1t , look around , a angle to show Matt in fg . in bg be a high wide oval doorway in the side wall , top by a blue neon sign blue narcissus . the corridor beyond the doorway be a biank wall at a angle to the leave , so from the lobby you can not see far down it . Matt turn , see the sign , cross to go through the doorway , int , blue narcissus - night at the maitre d' station . four separate middle - age couple wait for table . Beyond the gtation , the place be large , irregularly shape , low -cellinge , dark , with smell faux - candle lamp at every table . it 's pretty full . a angle on Matt , reach the station , move around behind the wait couple , pass on the side , stop at the cheat-high wooden wall where the club begin . he look out at the place . music play ; gentle jazz . matte pove centere in the far wall ia a stage , thrust out into the club space , surround on three side by table . a trio play on one side of the stage -- piano , bass , guitar -~ illuminate by low spotlight . a microphone on & stand be at the front of the stage , a angle on Matt , look the place over , announcer ( vo ) {over PA ) vivian romero } scatter applause . surprise , Matt look at the stage . 37 a angle on the stage , as a spotlight hit the microphone , vivian walk out , in a floor - length red gown , acknowledge the applause . she speak into the microphone . '' vivian I hope you be all feel fine . positive response from here and there . vivian ( smile ) good . and I hope you be still feel fine after this number , she nod to the trio , then sing " lush life " . she 's good , appropriate to this place . a angle on Matt as the song end , and a assistant maitre D ' approach . he 's proper , but firm . maitre D ' yea , gir ? May I help you ? matt yes . I be look for aleo oberman . maitre D ' he will be in he office , sir . matt okay . in that case , I be look for alec oberman 's office , maitre d' you can not get to 1t through here , Sir . you go back out to the lobby and turn right , and it 's the second door . it 's mark narcissus associate . matt thank you . vivian have start to sing " Love for sale " . about to turn away , Matt stop and nod toward she . matt she 's very good . maitre D ' thank you , sir . we be very happy to have she . 38 matt I can understand that . int . lobby - night Matt come from the nightclub , turn right to the second door , 4 solid wood in the lobby 's style , with narciasaus associate on it in gold . Matt turn the knob , but the door be lock . he look , see the small white button , press it . receptionist ( vo ) ( through intercom ) yes ? Matt see no grid . he speak to the door , matt for alec oberman , . SOUND of buzzer , Matt push the door , it open . he enter . int . receptionist's office ~ night small , quiet , tastefully decorate , frame photograph of performer on the wall . the receptionist 1a a beautiful pouty girl mean to be a model , she 's more formal than she appearance . receptionist ia Mr. oberman expect you ? matt I do not think so . tell he it 's Matt Bailey . it 's about nineteen dash forty - five a hundre sixty - third row . receptionist ( pick up pen ) again , please ? matt nineteen dash forty - five a hundre sixty - third row , she write it , then reach for she phone . receptionist please have 4 seat , Matt cross to the seating area as she murmur into the phone . he sit , and pokea through the magazine on the coffee table . 39 receptionist he will be with you in a moment . matt thank you . her phone buzy . she speak into it , listen , hang up . she rise and go through the inner door , int , oberman' office - night a wide room , expensively furnish . we see the leave half of it . alec oberman , 50ish , ivy League plus tough guy , stand at a large plate glass window look into the nightclub , where the customer be now dance . it 's obviously a two - way mirror , he draw a drape close acrosa it as the receptionist cross to he . oberman what 's he like ? receptionist ( indifferent shrug ) constnuction worker . oberman ( to himself ) construction and demolition . ( to ner ) angry ? tense ? receptionist as calm as Sunday school , he nod , dismiss she . ag she cross to the door , he cross to hia desk , pick up the phone . int . receptionist's office - night she come out , give Matt & meaningless smile , sit at she desk . matt go to be much longer ? receptionist only a minute or two . he 's finish a call , the outer door buzze , without ask who it be , she buzze it open . Matt get to he foot , expect something . 40 danny enter ; a very big guy , in a tux , a thug with a veneer . he offer a friendly smile a he walk toward Matt . danny hi , I be Danny , you must be Matt , matt that 's right . danny ( atd11 smile ) I be sorry about this , but I be gonna have to frisk you now , Matt return he smile , and lift he arma to the side , matt the @pology make all the difference . danny ( patting he down ) I find that to be true . okay , you be very clean , that 'a nice . matt thank you . danny come on in . he lead the way to the inner door , Matt follow . they step through . int . oberman' office - night we still see the leave side of the office , where oberman be now seat at he desk ; he rise when they come in . the drape be close over the plate glasa window . oberman Mr. Bailey ? matt Mr. oberman , oberman I will not offer to shake hand , I be not sure we be go to be friend . have a seat , matt thank you , at oberman sit behind he desk , Matt in one of two co chair in front of it , Danny off to the aide , oberman you have be make confusing move , I be not sure what you be about . matt I be look for ny father . mfortable 7 oberman sound like the start of a old joke . not & very good one , matt if I know where he be , if I know what happen to he , if I know where he ... thing be , that 's all I want . oberman sit back , frown , study , think about Matt . oberman can it be possible you be legit ? matt anything 's possible . oberman I know you be a career criminal . I know you be just recently out of prison . naturally , I assume somebody hire you to make wave , but I just could not figure out the scheme . matt scheme ? ob ) ( intense ) what you be up to , just tell I . do it have something to do with the election ? matt what election ? oberman ( look at Danny ) Jesus Christ , I believe hin . ( to Matt ) you have walk into somebody else 's game , my friend . Seven month from now , we be go to have a mayoral election . 42 matt be that right . oberman happens every four year , whether we like it or not . and every four year , along around auguat , we get the real estate acandal . matt I do not think I be follow you , oberman listen harder . in New York City , politics and real estate be one and the same . so the question be not , doea this politician take money from the developer ? the question be , how many developer have a leash on he , and which one of that leash be gonna be this election year 's August scandal . we have a couple doozy last time around . matt none of this have anything to do with I , oberman let I get use to that idea , it might even be true . you know , you walk in here with some agenda of you own , I figure you be here to make ordinary trouble . but maybe you be here to make extraordinary trouble , that 's a new idea , matt no trouble at all . oberman you do not listen like you should . what I be tell you be , you be not @lone here . there 's people out there now would love to meet you , find out what you problem be , buy you a suit , use you to fuck I over , and ny friend in real estate and politica . not everybody around here be jolly campera all together . some people get enemy in this town , matt not ae , 43 oberman fuck you . I be talk about I . matt then you know beat . oberman that 's right . and I kmow better than to leave you wander around , @ loose cannon . matt . you be go to stop I ? oberman ( exasperate ) I be not a gangster , Mr. Bailey , I be @ businessman . there be perfectly legal way to deal with a bum like you , believe I , matt I be sure there be . be you gonna 60 on threaten I @ while longer , or can I get to my question now ? oberman you c&n not get to you question now . or later . I do not give a shit what you question 1a . TI only know you be draw attention to yourself in a neighborhood where I do not want trouble , and that 's all I need to know . you want to look for you father next year , that 's fine with I . this year , I can not have anomaly , so I will offer you one solution , matt ( apparently happily surprised ) a solution , oberman I have get friend in Chicago , in banking mostly , there might be a job for you . a little travel money from I , a introduction to my friend , and if you want to come back next year , then I will shake you hand and look at picture of you in the back yard with you father and you dog Shep and see what I can do to help . but not this year , Matt consider oberman lean he 's get Matt 4d matt you do not want to hear my question , oberman next year , matt or . oberman or we do something else that do not involve I talk to you again , but you be out of my hair just as well . matt can I think this over ? oberman how long ? the question , smile absently at Danny , nod . matt tomorrow night . that soon enough ? if I come in here tomorrow night , I want to see Chicago . oberman and 1f you do not ? matt I want to see New York , oberman not a option . but all right , fine , take tomorrow , keep a low profile , I will have ticket and money and name for you tomorrow night . matt ( rise ) you be a generous guy , Mr. oberman . back in he chair . he 's relaxed now , he believe figure out . oberman money , I have find , anawersa most question . a lot of time , it 's better than a answer , matt I will think about that , too . see ya , Danny . 45 Danny smile , give a half - aalute , danny ° we will see you , Matt . a angle for the first time to snow the right side of the room , which have be behind Matt . centere on the wall , in pride of place , ig the portrait of the womun we have see before . Matt turn , see 1t , stop dead . a angle close on Matt , startle , emotional , disconcert . wide shot . oberman frown at Matt 's back , sense something have happen . oberman Bailey ? a angle with Matt in fg , oberman and Danny in bg , 4s Matt get himseif under control , manage a smile , turn back , matt I be surprised by . . . by that picture there . that 's really a wonderful picture , oberman you be a art lover ? that surprise I . matt ( wave that off ) . no , no , no I be not . it 's just that picture . it really grab you . oberman smile . he 's proud and pleased to have that picture . oberman I agree . it 's one my favorite possession . a good friend give it to I . Matt study the picture . he 's re-familierizing himself with it , and he 's also immunize himself , so he will not show the wrong emotion . matt that 's some friend . ( nod back at they ) see you around , he exit . oberman and Danny look at one another . oberman ' peach for the phone , 46 int . dave be - night . same barman , usual regular , Matt enter , cross to the bar . conversation stop . the barman walk down to Matt . barman even . matt hi. draft , please . barman comin up . the barman draw a beer , put it in front of Matt . matt could [ I take a look at that menu again ? barman I do not think so , matt ( surprised ) you do not think so ? the barman fold he arm , observe Matt dispassionately . barman people be talk about you . matt yeah ? what have they be say ? barman you upset they . it 's like you be @ loud noise and they do not like it . matt I be sorry to hear that . barman what they be say isa , you oughta move on . take a 1 ) that noise with you . better for you , better for everybody else , matt '' I suppose that 's possible . the barman be not hostile , he 's just deliver the news . - he unfold he arm , pata t he bar beside Matt 's beer . at barman tell you what . this 13 on the house , and then , you know , the subway goea '' everywhere , matt thanks . the barman return to he other customer . conversation begins again . Matt slowly drinka he beer , ext . 163rd row - night Matt come out of the deli eat 4 sandwich , carry a small white paperbag , he react when he see wygand 's black car stop at the curb there . the three cop be in it , as before . none of they look at Matt , who walk down the block , eat he sandwich , a angle near the church a Matt walk toward at . behind he , the car move along the curb , pace hin , stay well back , Matt finish he sandwich as he turn in at the rectory , he do not look back . a angle on the rectory door as he ring the bell . the car stop at the curb out front . janine open the door . she 's a little surprised , janine good evening . you want to atay again ? matt ( enter ) maybe . she look past he , frowna at the car at the curb . janine what 's that ? int . hall - night she close the door and turn to he . matt I must smell bad , I be draw cop . janine that be police ? why be they follow you ? matt ( wave that away ) 's janine , do not ask I about official 7 motivation , I have never understand why they do what they do . she nod , accept that . janine do you find what you want today ? matt : I find something . mostly , I be more confuse than I be before , janine in what way ? matt ( look around ) let 's sit somewhere , janine sure . come on , she lead the way down the hall . a angle to include the open doorway where breen be watch a garden show on tv again , janine and Matt pasa . matt even , father . breen even , Matthew . int . breakfast r00m - night janine switch on light as she enter . in addition to the table and sideboard , there 's a sofa against one wall , janine we can sit here , matt Fine , they sit a distance apart , half - turn toward each other , matt let I just tell you the situation , 49 ext . 163rd row - day five year ago , the street be the same except that the building at 45 and 47 be different , 45 18 a somewhat older apartmant building , the same size a the one there now . 47 1a a wreck of a building , with concrete block cover the door and window on the lower floor , break glass above , a prominent for sale sign nail to the front . Matt , dress as in the scene with he father , crosa the street , move away from camera , and enter the dark vestibule at 45 , matt ( vo ) I come here once , five year ago . my father live in forty - five . the place next to it , forty - seven , be @ complete wreck . int . breakfast room - night matt my father and I , we be not ever very close , so okay , this 1s the first time I come to see he since then . no phene call , no letter . he be not there . okay , I can accept that , he move away , maybe he die , I will go look , see what I can find out , but I be stop before rf start , because ever goddam body in thia neighborhood swear that building that 's there now be there five yeara @go , and it be not . janine but why would anybody say that ? it do not make any sense . matt the minute I get here , two guy in the deli want to fight with I because I say that be new building . ' that 's crazy . I get cop follow I around , lean on I , tell I to go away , get out of the precinct . the barman down at Dave 's -- on the corner ? = just tell I to move away , he will not serve I any more . ( hold up paperbag ) I get a sandwich and coffee at the deli . I think the only reason they do not tell I get lose to , they do not speak English , 50 janine what be you go to do ? be - you go away ? '' not matt I can not . I get to have a enawer , that 's it . nothing else , janine you go to see the building owner today , do not you ? pid you find he ? matt ( aronic ) ' oh , yeah , I find he , janine he could not give you any answer ? matt he would not even listen to the question . there 's some kind of 6lection come up , somebody run for mayor , that 's all this fellow oberman want to think about . but he give I more thing to think about . janine he do ? matt I finally find something that belong to my father , and he 's get it . oberman . in he office , how do that happen ? I think , okay , maybe my father die in the apartment , when they be clean it out for another tenant , they find the picture , he like it , take it for himself , janine picture ? matt a o11 painting of my mother . my father pay for 1t one time when he think he be flush , my mother die when I be a kid , so that 's what we have of she . the beautiful lady up on the wall . and now it 's on oberman 's wall . ry a 51 janine do you ask he about tt ? ' matt I tell you , he do not want to be ask about anything . but if it be 48 simple a that , if it 's just my father die in the apartment and that 's why oberman 's get the picture , why do not somebody gay so ? oh , sure , Eugene belley , die three year ago , heart attack , stroke , whatever , why have a whole community tell lie about a building , why have everybody lean on I to go away ? janine it doea not make sense . I know you be sure of the address and everything -- matt I be sure , and I be sure about that picture . that 's the only mother I ever have , I be not gonna forget what it look like . go I could be stupid and mistaken and crazy a hundred different way , but there 's still a link of some kind between my father @nd alec oberman , and the picture prove it . janine so you want to find out what the link be , matt yes . be there any way out of here except the front door ? he take hia coffee out of the paperbag , start to drink it . she smile at he , understanding , janine you want to avoid the police . matt let they think they have tuck I in , janine but where be you go ? what be you go to dot 52 matt break into a apartment . she 's startle ; then worried for he , janine but -- what 1 for you get catch ? he lean toward she , with a confidential smile , matt janine . I be a career criminal , remember ? that 's my career . so be there a back way out ? janine through the graveyard , matt ( amused and pleased ) graveyard ? I do not even know you have one , janine it 's small , and very old . all nineteenth century . it have not be use for a hundred year , matt but there 's a way out , janine onto the side street , matt perfect . ( finish coffee ) just let I get a couple thing , and then you can show I . janine I will take that , '' he hand she the empty styrofoam cup , and leave the room . int . dormitory - night buster 1s on the floor beside the bed neareat the door . he 's do very tough exercise . the ceiling fluorescent be on . Matt enter , move fast . buster sit up , grin . buster Matthew . 53 matt ( move toward he bed ) . how you do , buster ? '' buster ( point ) you need a friend . surprise , Matt pause in open he duffel bag . and nod at buster , he grina matt you may be right . buster heavy lift . let I know when , matt I will . from the duffel , Matt bring a piece of gray feel in a roll , maybe five inch long , tie with a attach lace , he puta it in he pants pocket , then change into black shirt and dark jacket . he puta a black cloth cap in the jacket pocket . . matt - thanks , buster . I appreciate it . buster sure . matt and you will be here ? buster sometimes . sometimes I get demolition . demolition ? buster gonstruction and demolition . I do not do the construction . x do the demolition . matt where ? buster this day , & hundred fifty - ninth street . . matt in the neighborhood , buster walk there . 54 Matt have a new think to chew . he closea and stow away he duffel while think 1t over , matt that 's right , be not it ? that other building have to be tear down , buster demolition , everything geta demolition . sooner or later , sverything gotta go . matt you be right about that . he cross the room , pause to pat buster on matt thanks , buster . I will see you @round . Matt leave . buster smile after he . int . hall - night janine wait in the hall . Matt come up the matt all set . janine this way . she lead he down the hall . janine I think it 's just as well if the shoulder , atair , Father breen do not know about this , matt I could not agree more . 55 ext , rectory - night the rear of rectory and church , see in pale moonlight &nd distant streetlight . the church be on the corner and ig deeper than the rectory , so the area behind ig a L , enclose by a six foot brick wal + most of the space be the old graveyard ; small lean stone , maintain lawn , neat gravel path . janine come out of the rectory , follow by Matt . janine this way , as they walk through the graveyard , Matt look at the stone , matt I see what you mean . this be old , janine eighteen -forty , some of then , she stop , point , janine there 's whole family . and baby , too , they do not all get to grow up in that day . but they be bear here and live and die here , and it be just a little village . before the city spread out this far . matt farmer , janine that 's right . matt {ironic grin ) not many farm leave around here , janine or family , either . the door 's over here , in the middle of the wall separate the graveyard from the side street ig a heavy wooden door . janine lead the way to it . matt where 's you family ? for a second , she think she might not answer , but then ashe do . 56 janine Michigan , , matt I take it you do not keep in touch . janine oh , no . they make that perfectly clear , she unlocka the door in the wall , open it , leang through the open to look around outside . she lean back in , turn to Matt . janine ( whisper ) there 's no one there . matt ( low ) thanks , janine I be sorry , there 's no key , there 's no way to unlock it from outside , Matt bend to study the lock , then straighten and smile . matt do not worry about it , janine you mean , you be go to break in here . matt the farmer will not mind . she 's hold the door open . he step through , turna bask , put he hand on she hand on the door . matt janine . thanks , she 's startle by the touch , and afraid of ite janine it 's nothing , he exit . she close the door , stand with both hand touch the door , look at the door . when she speak , she 1s forcefully order herself . janine no , 57 she turn away , walk back through the graveyard , ext . 163rd row - night 'o a angle stratght ahead at Dave 's bar . no one in sight outside , window too small and cluttere to see in , Matt come around the corner onto the block , jacket collar turn up , wear the cloth cap , hand in pocket . he walk briskly down the street , a night - worker , in a hurry to get home , a angle from behind hin , see wygand 's car still in front of the rectory , a angle close on Matt 's profile as he walk , keep a eye on that car . he turn at 45 , medium shot straight at 45 , as Matt trot up the step and into the vestibule , a angle on wygand 's car , the three in slow conversation , they seem bored , int , vestibule - night Matt take the feel package out of hia pants pocket , go to one knee , unroll the feel on the floor , reveal a set of picklock . he choose two , work the door , 1t snick - open . workmaniike , unexcite , he hold the door ajar with one foot while put the picklocksa away and rerolling the feel . he stand , put the feel in he pocket , step through into the building . int , live room - night Dark ; some lightspill from outside , SOUND of snick ; the hall door ease open , let to more light and Matt . he roll the plcklocksa in the feel , tie the lace , put it in he pocket , then shut the hall door , a angle to include the two front window as Matt cross to they . he look out , ext . 163rd row - night matte Pov : wygand 's car can just barely be see down at the end of the block . int , live room - night Matt draw the shade , move away from the window , 58 int . kitchen - night efficient , impersonal , small . it 's very dark until Matt enter , switch on the light . he start open and close drawer ; stop . insert : he 's open the drawer where vivian keep tool ; hammer , screwdriver , plier , Matt take two screwdriver -- flat and Phillips -- and leave the kitchen . ext , 163rd row - night a angle with wygand 's car in fg , the rectory in be , a janine come out . she walka to the sidewalk , ignore the three in the car , turn and walk past the church and around the corner , they watch she , commenting , int . live room - night Matt 13 make do with light from the kitchen . he unscrew the lightawitch face plate , take the face plate off , put it back . ext , halfway house - night a grim-look place , with bar over the lower - floor windowa . half a dozen bicycle be chain to a rack near the entrance . a sloppy-look uniform private guard sit on @ wooden chair at the top of the step , outside the open door , Inside , in harsh light , we see &@ bulletin board full of notice , janine come down the block , go up the step , entera , the guard be glad to see she ; she 's one of the bright spot in he day . guard hi , janine . night . janine night , Murray , she go on in and out of sight . he nod , smile faintly , look out at the street . when he speak , he 's say what he 's not ateease enough to say directly to she . quard do not let the bed bug bite . int , bathroom - night Matt dismantle the shower curtain rod , look inside it , puta it back , 59 ext , 163rd row - night a angle on wygand 's oar . they be yawn and stretchifig in there , Zack start the engine and the car drive away around the corner . int , bedroom - night small , neat , impersonal . Matt removeg every drawer from the dreaser , look at its back and bottom , feel in the space where the drawer go . one drawer have a letter-size envelope tape to the back . he peel it off , open it , take out ten one-hund dollar bill . he fan they , count they , put they back in the envelope , tape the envelope back onto the drawer , put the drawer away . later . a angle on the closet . Matt be take every piece of clothing out , frisk it , toss it on the bed . later . the bed pile with clothing . Matt be to the closet , rapping on the wall , listen . later . ' the clothing go from the bed , closet door close , Matt have the shade down from the window , be use a screwdriver to pop the spring - work out of the shade 's inner tube . - he shake it over the bed ; nothing fall out . he start put it back together . int , live room - night Matt haa the tv , vcr and answer machine apart and be put they oack together , restore they where they be , the tv last . he awitchesa on the tv , mute it , and carry the screwdriver to the kitchen . the picture come up on the tvs a cooking show . m&tt come back into the live room , turn off light , so that now only the light of the tv illuminate the room . he sit in front of it , find the remote , surf , find a soccer @ame , and watch . ext , 163rd row - night a cab pull up in front of 45 , beat . vivian get out , walk to the building as the cab go . she 's in a suit . int , live room - night still the soccer game , still mute , Matt hear the distant sound of the elevator door close . he switch off the tv , sit in the dark , click of key in lock . vivian enter , switch on the light , stop dead , stare at matt. 60 matt good crowd tonight ? 's 's she look from he to the door she 's still hold open , back to he . vivian ( outrage ) you break in heret matt ( calm ) nothing break , she have not decide if she 's come in or go out . she look at the doorlock , absorb what he 's say , frown at nim . vivian good crowd ? what do you mean , good crowd ? matt at the Blue narcissus , she step further in , shut the door , vivian get I a drink , will you ? Matt stand , smile lazily at she . matt beer ? vivian I think vodka on the rocka . she exit towurd the bedroom . Matt move toward the kitchen . matt come up , int . kitchen ~- night Matt move with easy familiarity ; he know this kitchen now . first he open a bottle of beer for himself , drink from the bottle . then he get down a glaas , put in ice , get out the vodka , pour , put the vodka away , pick up glass and bottle , and exit . int . live room - night Matt cross to put the bottle and glass on coaster on the coffee table , as vivian come in from the bedroom . again , she 's change into something more cagual and provocative . 61 vivian ( control anger ) oy do you search this place ? matt sure . he pick she glass up and carriea it to she . vivian why ? what be you look for ? mat ? , you , he extend the glass toward she , she glare at he . matt ( easy ) if you throw this one in my face , you will make the next one yourself , she take the glass . she consider throw 1t in he face . he smile at she , wait . she gulp vodka instead , march around he toward the sofa . he turn to watch she . vivian ( angry bafflement ) she sit on the sofa , erect , like a queen on & throne , to deal with this serf . vivian do you find I ? matt some of you , he sit in the armchair near she , matt I know you come from California , I know you do not keep in touch , you must have the smallest phone bill of anybody in New York city . vivian ( defensively angry ) I be at work , matt I know you live for a while ona boat . in the Caribbean , it look like . with a guy witha little goatee , kinda reddish , 62 vivian ( remember sadness ) , Jerry . he 's dead . '' matt I do not imow that part , vivian I do not like you go through thing like that . matt . sorry . that be the only thing that -- what do you call it ? sentimental value , be there any such thing 4s sentimental value . I guess for you that picture of Jerry be it . she try to dlamiss it , make it meaningless , vivian I forget I still have that . matt you use to travel a lot up until @ couple year ago , maatly South America , but you never keep any souvenira , I be wonder 1f maybe you be a mule , vivian ( cold dignity ) I do not even know what that mean . matt maybe Jerry get you into that . then he 's dead , and maybe you get scared , decide to change career , I know you get migraine . vivian what do that prove ? matt nothing . I know you keep a thousand dollar tuck a -- - vivian jump in she seat , scared and really furious . vivian you find that ? 63 matt sure . not enough for a etake , just . enough to vanish . I figure you '' figure you do not need a stake . you look be you stake . vivian ( sarcastic ) oh , really ? good look be suppose to be a asset ? matt . that 's what I elway hear . vivian you hear wrong . all good looka do 1s make you a target , matt that 's a new one on I . you feel sorry for yourself because you be beautiful , vivian ( curt dismiasal ) I be not beautiful . I be passable , matt right . with straight as . she frown at he , irritate and confuse . vivian if that 's what you think , why do you treat I this way ? matt I go to the Blue narcissus last night . vivian what ? for God 's sake , why ? matt I want to see you landlord , imagine my surprise when I see you . I like you sing , by the way . she brushes that aside , vivian what do you mean , you want to see my landlord ? : matt alec oberman . he would have be , my father 's landlord , too , 7 she 's take aback that he even know the name , vivian alec be not -- that ia not -- ' there 's corporation . matt a corporation 1s a tent . you ever try to have a conversation with a tent ? you gotta open the flap , step inside , say ' how you doin ?! vivian no one could get to alec from the corporation , they be design to keep you from reach through to anybody real , matt vivian , I be motivate . and the point be , I go there to see hin , which I do , but I also see you . vivian you see he ? you talk to he ? matt he 's a difficult fellow . I be go to have to talk to he again , vivian he will not like that , matt what that asshole like or do not like do not bother I at all . vivian if you think alec oberman ia a asshole , you have get some surprise come , matt I like surprise , you , for instance , you be a surprise , vivian ( wary ) how do you mean ? 65 matt you work at the club tonight , '' 7 vivian be not sure where this ig go , and be watchful , Matt smile at vivian yes , matt you work there last night I see you there . vivian ( {mpatient ) I know you do , I understand that , so what ? matt the fella at the club there say you be there every night except Monday and Tuesday . but the night before last , you be not there . you just happen to be come home in time to accidentally bump into I , start a conversation , vivian I think I be come down with something , I be get laryngitis . she , wait . she fidget , irritate , vivian think what you want to think . matt alec oberman know my father , vivian ( challenging ) do he say so ? matt he haa something that belonga to my father , that my father would not give away , vivian what ? matt where doea oberman live ? 66 vivian Z do not know . I do not think anybody iowa where alec life . matt ( wild surprise ) you do not ? she look at he , then smile in relief , Matt consider Matt nod , and vivian oh , I get it . you want to know at I be sleep with alec . matt I do ? vivian because you want I to sleep with you . matt ( try for irony ) I doz vivian that 's part of why you be here , the search , all that . try to find I ? : she . he 's attract , but repell . matt I have meet softer woman , vivian what would you use they for ? pillow ? get to he foot . matt good night , vivian . he turn away toward the door , as she stand , distress , vivian ( more honest ) Matt . he stop , look at she , 67 vivian first of all , it be not just alec. . , you can find he because he 's in love with that club . matt who be the other ? vivian you will never get near they . Matt , no one of they own anything all by himself , it 's all partnership . alec be one of half a dozen partner in the club . he 's a partner with some other people thet own this building . he 's in business all over New York , with this partner , that partner . they be all connect together , business and politics , they have all get piece of the different pie . matt like the mab , you mean , vivian not gangster , they be businessman . they get into companiea together , to make a profit . they know each other , they trust each other , nobody 's too greedy , nobody 's gonna break a lot of law and embarrasa everybody . matt that 's they . what about you ? vivian ( shrug ) I be a useful girl . go I have get a good job at the club , it 's get I exposure . I do not pay much rent for this place . I do not sleep with alec oberman , I do not sleep with any of the partner , I never have , it 's not that way . but from time to time , I can be helpful , matt like with I , vivian of course . alec say , ' this guy 's come around where we have get a sensitive situation . why ia he there ? to make trouble in the election ?! 68 matt what sensitive situation ? vivian I do not know . that 's not the kind of question I ask , matt okay . vivian so I be suppose to come find you , talk to you , find out what waa go on . yesterday , I talk with alec again , I tell he I think you be for real , you be just a guy look for he father and nothing to do ' ) with the mayor , I do not think he | believe I . matt ' he do now , vivian step closer to he , put a hand on he wrist . of ~ vivian Matt , they be all very nervous now , because of this election . they be not gangster , but they will protect , themselves , to matt 's ! meaning ? ! vivian that cop wygand . if you be still here in a day or two , how hard would ' it be for he to hit you with a , parole violation ? matt you mean find a gun on I , vivian or drug . whatever 's easy . and what happen then ? matt I go back inside . and some other day , I come out again , vivian of : ( tense ) I should not give a damn about you , but -- 69 : matt be this part of the spiel ? vivian not if you be so busy search for I , can not you see that ? he start to shake he head . she yank he closer , stare intently at he . he focus , put he arme around she , kiss she , he pull back slightly . matt : why do you have to be so damn tough ? vivian the same reason a you . she kiss he . he respond . slow fade . ext . graveyard - day there 's a bench by the brick wall . Matt sit on it , hold a coffee mug . he broad at the gravea , eugene he 's start to figure 1t out now . he 's start to know where he should look for I , janine come out , look for something -- look for Matt . she see he , smile , cross the graveyard to he . he do not react . janine good morning . he come out of it , realize she 's there , matt janine . good morning . she gesturea at the door in the wall . janine do you get in all right last night ? matt ( distract ) yeah , fine . she sit beside hin . janine what 1s it , Matt ? matt 70 construction and demolition . I and think about where that old building go . she laugh slightly , a though he 's joke about something . janine where they go ? they would be tear down , matt that 's right . be buster around ? janine he 's at that job he bas demolition , what you be talk about . matt a hundred fifty - ninth street . should walk over . he stand , distract , not really with she . put she hand out for the coffee mug . janine I will take that , matt thanks . he give she the mug , walk off . she look sit again , hold the mug in she lap . ext , rectory - day Matt comea out , start down the street . ext , 163rd row - day I she @lso stand , after he , then wygand 's car come down from the end of the block face Matt and stop short of he . the rear door wygand climb out . wygand Bailey . climb aboard , open and Matt stop in front of he , but do not get into the car . matt detective wygand . let 's take a walk together . 71 wygand ( astonished ) : take a walk together ! ° matt so we can talk just the two of we , come on , do we both good . Matt start to continue along the sidewalk . with wygand step in front of he . Matt take a leisurely look at the buliding all around . matt it 's so peaceful here . Nice day for @ walk . wygand can not follow this , do not know how to react , decide to go along with it , but only a a tough guy . he point a manace finger at Matt . wygand do not move . Matt agree by spread he hand . wygand step around he and bend to speak to the two in the car . ' then he shuta the car door , turn to Matt , jab a thumb in the other direction . wygand we will walk that way . meaning ; so the car can follow we . Matt shrug agreement , and they start to walk , the car trail . TRAVEL two shot , cur occasionally in bg , as they talk , wygand usually watch Matt , Matt usually face front . matt in you pocket , right now , you get something that you could find in my pocket , that would violate ny parole . wygand you be suppose to see a fella last night . matt I get busy . but I be definitely go to see he tonight . wygand oh , yeah ? t2 matt unless that thing in you pocket : wind up in my pocket . in that '' case , I will not see he for three , four , five year . but I will see he , whenever it 1a , they go around the corner . ext . side STREET - day they walk past the church and the wall conceal the cemetery . wygand Three , four , five year without you . that sound like a good deal . matt forever without I be 4 better deal , leave I alone today , I be out of you hair forever tomorrow , ' : wygand and what mischief be you gonna get into today ? matt no mischief . just see a couple people , come along . nothing healthier than a good walk , wygand puta a hand on Matt 's arm to stop he , Matt look at the hand hold he , wygand release he , wygand I will tell you what 's healthier than @ good walk , stay out of my aight be healthier than a good walk . keeping you nose clean today , see the man tonight , and be a thousand mile from here tomorrow , that 's healthier than & good walk . matt ( mila ) you may be right . wygand ( savage ) enjoy you walk . ~~ wygand signal the car to come get he . it slide forward . Matt half - salute a g@reet to the other two , who give hin blank stare . wygand get in the car , Matt turn around and walk the other way , back on he original route , 73 ext . construction site - day demolition , at this point . ' two or three old apartment '' building be be tear down -~ mostly go , now ~~ with men in hardhat scurrying over the rubble . dumpster paint blue , mark B N demolition , space here and there . a blue wooden . fence around the site , a steep temporary dirt road down to basement level where part of the old construction have be remove completely . a dumpster hauler back laboriously down the steep road , guide by several shout men , bring a fresh empty dumpster , it unload it with a great deal of shrill noise , Matt come to the break in the fence where the road go down . he watch , then start forward . a guard in a hardhat stepa forward to intercept he . guard sorry , mister . no entry . matt a friend of mine work down there , say I should come by , he would show I around . the guard be neutral , merely do he job , guard what 's he name ? matt buster Flynn . guard hold on , lemme check , matt sure . the guard speak into he walkie-talkie , while Matt watch the work below . angle on the demolition . a angle on the dumpster hauler as it hook onto a full dumpster . the strain cable drag 1t up onto the hauler , a angle on smith , site manager -- hardhat , white shirt , khaki pants , workboot ~~ come up the road , carry a second hardhat , T two shot , Matt and the guard , guard '' + he will be right with you , matt thanks , a angle on Smith , join Matt , as the guard movea off , smith yes , sir ? Matt smile , extenda hia hand , matt Matt Bailey , they shake hand . smith Smith , site manager . you be a friend of buster 's ? matt from the church . he say he would show I around . smith that church do a lot of good , ( extend hardhat ) you will have to wear this . matt sure , he put on the hardhat , start down the road with Smith . matt ble job . smith about par , for we . we do not do the really big one , mostly this residential stuff , the dumpster hauler , load , start up the slope , matt well , 1t look big to mar , smith we gotta move over here . 75 they step out of the way of the dumpster hauler , move very slowly upward , Matt read the side , , matt I have see this around the neighborhood , smith oh , sure . this ia we turf . the hauler finish go by . they walk again , matt turf ? smith all the company , they get they own area , they do not look for job in each other 's territory . make it easier . matt no competition . smith no cutthroat . we do not try to do it on the cheap , get people kill . matt okay . a angle at the top of the road , wygand in the open , frown down after Matt , unable to figure out what he 's up to . he have to move out of the way of the hauler . a angle on Matt and Smith , reach the bottom . matt 30 this company do all the work around here , smith if it 's bigger than a two - family house and smaller than madison Square Garden , we be you tean . buster will be over this way . they walk into a area where building part jut two storey up . a crew above break off debris , drop 1 % into a chute , it slide down to a half - full dumpster , buster and another man stand in the dumpster with long - handle shovel , move ' the debris as it come down , stow it , pack it so no space be waste . 76 buster see Matt , smile big , wave , gesture he will be down in one minute . 7 smith you okay here ? matt sure , smith holler if you need anything . Matt noda he thanks . Smith leave , and Matt watch the work . buster be somehow gawky but agile , which he have to be , with all this heavy debris crash down around he . the dumpster rapidly fill , buster and the other man move around on top of the trash . when it 's full , they climb down the outside . the other man walk off . buster come over to Matt . buster heavy lift . matt you be good at it . buster ten year . matt be this a union job ? buster oh , yes . you could join , matt maybe go . buster become more confidential . buster sometimes it 's not the union . wetback , shitty job . you could get kill , matt sure. ( gesture at dumpster ) where 's this stuff go ? the dump ? buster special place . not with the garbage . cee and Dee , construction and demolition . 77 ? matt what , like a landfill ? its owm 's place ? '' buster Jamaica Bay . you could ride along . you want to ? matt sure . buster wait . Matt wait , buster crossea to talk to a driver seat on the run board of he hauler . the driver stand , listen , agree . buster wave to Matt . Matt approach . the driver 's a wiry easygoing guy . driver buster say you want to be stick in traffic for a while . matt if it 's okay with you . driver it 's fine with I . give mar somebody new to listen to , by now , I know all my joke . matt you probably know mine , too . Matt Bailey . driver Joe burgess . they shake handa , ext . flatland ave - day the hauler roll along in moderate traffic . int . hauler ~ day the driver have a mixture of family picturea and girlie picture all over everywhere ; visor , dashboard , panel . he drive with calm competence . matt buster say this stuff get its own dump . 78 driver yeah , it 's toxic , stuff come out of this old building . gotta go ' into a seal landfill or you get all this chemical leaching into the water supply . everybody get two -headed baby , and some politician lose they job , matt would not want that . driver so it 's nice , a good job , I get to visit the ocean three time a day , ext , landfill - day a very large operation , fill in part of Jamaica Bay . at the outer end , dumpster and garbage truck and dump truck empty they loadsa over the face of the dump , incrementally move it farther into the bay . behind they , bulldozer and roller smooth and compact fresh earth over the trash , behind they , grasa be plant and water . at the rearmost 1a a field , flat , with nothing but new grass and a few weed . a two - lane dirt road cut through from the shoreline road out to the face of the landfill . ' the dumpster with Matt come roll out , Matt look around at it all . seagull scream overhead , eugene ( vo ) welcome , sunny Jim . welcome to the end of the line . int , hauler - day matt so this be the ocean , driver Jamaica Bay . that 's Kennedy Airport over there . the real ocean 's out past all that island and thing . matt kid do not get to swim uround here , I guesa . driver not for year . 79 ext . landfill - day . it 'a the driver 's turn at the face . he swing the big tig around in a circle , back to the face , the big tire crunching down on raw demolition trash : beam , window frame , chunka of plaster wall , banister . , the rear tire reach the edge , so the end of the dumpster overhang the drop . the driver work the hydraulics so the dumpster lift upward from the front to a 45 degree angle ; then he pull the rod that open the back , swinging outward , the load crash down out of the dumpster , slide rapidly over the tilt steel floor . in addition to building piece , there be sink , mattress , chair , a bathtub , Matt open he door , step out onto the upper step , look back , watch the operation . there 's too much noise here for conversation . the dumpster 's empty . the driver reverse the hydraulics ; the dumpster drop back down onto the hauler with a clang , the door awing , not quite close . Matt get back inside the cab . wide shot , the hauler head back for the mainland , other vehicle move in both direction , a angle at a parking area off to the side , where the access road meet the city street . the hauler pull over there and stop . int , hauler - day driver I gotta close my door , matt right . the driver get out . Matt watch traffic . ext , landfill - day matte pov , focus on the brand name on the truck and dumpster go by , two of they be also bn , paint blue . a angle at the rear of the hauler , as the driver shuta the dumpster 's back wall , then head back for the cab . int . hauler - day the driver board , 40 driver now we go back and start over , ext , landfill - day the hauler pull away , ext , flatland ave - day the hauler roll along in traffic , the opposite way from before . int . hauler ~ day matt how long you be do this ? driver for this company ? Seven year , matt do you remember a job , four five ' year ago ? on a hundred sixty - third row . the driver laugh ; you have get to be kid . driver remember one job ? from year ago ? matt this would be two building . driver they be not building at all , when I see they , matt ogive up ) okay . the driver frown , think as he drive . beat . driver four year ago . matt yean ? driver you mean the election disaster ? 8t matt I do not know . do i7 driver if that 's the one you mean . it be 4a rush job , all of a sudden , we be pull off job all over the neighborhood , we gotta go to this one address -- yeah , a hundred sixty - third , maybe so , Court , Street , row , something , matt a rush job . driver clean this out today . and what 's meeting ua , right along here on flatlanda Avenue ? matt what ? the driver laugh at the memory , driver a election rallyt it 's like two week before the election for mayor , the street be clesge . nothing be betting through . ut we get to get through , we get to get back and get more of this crap , there 's aix of ua line up , six big monster like this , ail full up , in a row , we be like the elephant in the circus , we can not get through , we be drive all over the fuck burough of Brooklyn , we be lose , we be like in some sort of maze , some sort of labyrinth -- matt I know the feel . driver we finally find the landfill , now we gotta get back , get the rest of the stuff , we gotta go around the rally again , get lose a 11 over again , we be on atreet nobody 's see since the second World War , when we get back the boss be there . you believe it ? 82 matt the foremen , you mean ? driver no , the owner . you never see the owner , gnd there they be , in the suit and the limo and the chauffeur , and they be jump up 4nd down , get this shit out of here , and we be say , tell the mayor to move he goddam rally . what a day that be , matt you get it all ? that day ? driver clear the alte , one day . you never see so many people work , crawl all over the wreckage , move that shit . Union , non-union , all '' together , nobody care , just get it do . it be like a , you know , in the movie where they show it backwards . it be like building the pyramid , only backwards , matt that must have be something to see . driver out of & whole lot of day that be pretty much one like the other , that one stand out . thet one stand out . he laugh , pleased to be remind of the outlandish day . Matt watch the traffic , nodd , think . ext . construction site - day angle on the work , include buster , as the hauler back down the road , the hauler stop . Matt geta out , call he thanks to the driver , wave , and walka away across the site as the hauler slide the empty dumpster onto the ground , a angle on buster , just climb down from a full dumpster a Matt arrive , he grin at Matt . buster waa it fun ? 83 matt a lot of fun . what time do you . get off here ? '' buster four . matt would you have some time , come up to Manhattan with I afterward ? you could help I out . buster sure . heavy lift ? matt I do not know yet . maybe 30 ; you get any other clothes , you know , more dress - up ? : buster I could wear what I wear to mag ? matt sound perfect . 1I '11 see you over by the church , a little after four , int . park avenue HOTEL lobby - day a waiter carry a poster on a easel out of the Blue narcisaus and set it up in the lobby near the club entrance . vivian , in she day clothes , follow he out . the poster be a advertisement for she , sing here ' nitely . ' the waiter adjust 1t , angle it to be see from the lobby , while vivian watch critically . waiter okey , miss romero ? vivian very nice , the waiter go back into the club . vivian look at the poster , very pleased with 1t . she walk away , halfway acrosa the lobby , and look back at it , and be still pleased . she start back toward the club , then stop , startle by something she see . a angle to include vivian in fg , Matt and buster enter from the street in be . Matt 13 dress as the laat time he be here , buater fs in a old black suit , white shirt with curling collar , thin black tie . he look like a very large pallbearer . vivian move to intercept they , 84 . vivian what be you do here ? matt hello to you , too . vivian ronero , I would like you to meet buster Flynn . vivian ( to buater ; impatient , dismissive ) hello. ( to Matt ) T think , last night , we agree you be not go to make any more trouble , matt I ? I say that ? vivian you know you do . matt vivian , I be not make trouble . I be suppose to see alec oberman , that 's will , so here I be . buster come along . vivian alec 1s never here now , you know that . he never show up before nine , matt that 's okay , we will wait , vivian there 's nobody at all there now , Matt , the office be lock ud . matt not a problem , do not worry about it . vivian Matt , you really can not do thia . this be serious people , they will not put up with you . matt yeah , I know , hey , that 's a terrific poster . ta that new ? vivian do not like the change of subject , but reluctantly go along ; for the moment , 85 vivian yes . it just get here , matt I do not think it be here the other night , he walk toward the poster , buster happily follow , vivian reluctantly follow . matt buster , see ? this be vivian , this be miss romero , she sing here , she 's get a terrific vaice . buster 's pleased by this , he speak to vivian , buster could I hear you ? some time ? vivian ( curt ) sure . why not ? buster maybe you will sing in chursh . Matt laugh . vivian give he a angry look , vivian ( glaring at Matt ) maybe 30 , it 's possible . matt you will have to change you repertory , vevian Matt , I know all kind of song , I know song you have never hear in you life , matt I would like to hear some of they . vivian I doubt you ever will . go away , Matt , come back after nine o'clock , try to smooth thing over with alec . matt that 's what I mean to do . but , listen , we be hold you up . I know you gotta get ready back there . maybe we will see you later , 86 vivian what be you go to do ? matt like you say , smooth thing over . do not worry , vivian , everything 's gonna be all right . we will talk later on . come on , buster , buster ( to vivian ) Nice to meet you . vivian ( distract ) yeah , you , too , Matt and buster move away toward the center of the lobby , then deeper into the lobby out of vivian 's sight . she looka fretfully after they , then frown at the poster , it do not give she as much pleasure as before . a angle on the lobby gift shop , as Matt and buster enter . int . gift shop - day one clerk , one customer . Matt lead buster to the back , where the newapaper and magazine and paperback be , he stand look at the magazine . buster look at the magazine , then at Matt . buster what be we lookin for ? matt nothing . we be walting for vivian to go away , he look over he shoulder , matt okay . she 's go , they leave the gift shop . int , lobby - day Matt lead the way across the lobby . buster she 's very pretty . matt yes , she be . 87 buster she like you , matt ( ironic grin ) sometimes . buster so do janine . Matt stop and confront buster , who look sheepish , matt buster . do not give I advice . buster not I . they start walk again , matt we have to walt for a man in he office , but we do not have the key , but it 's okay , I can get in anyway , only I need you help . buster sure , a angle on the door to oberman 's office suite . Matt and buster arrive . matt you stand here . we be talk together , all right ? buster sure . we be talkin together . Matt take out the feel package , unrollsa it , take out the lockpick . buster watch , interested , uncomprehend . Matt put the feel away in he pocket , palm the picklock . matt what you be really do be , you be keep anydody from see what I be do with this lock , buster ( deeply impressed ) can you do that ? 88 Matt stand straight , profile to the door , and work the pick , buster lean forward slightly , faacinate . by a combination of obedience to Matt 's request 4nd he own '' overwhelming curiosity , not 's perfectly block the view . long shot , the two by the door . they seem to be in quiet conversation , head close together . Beyond they , the door open inward . a angle close on the door as Matt step through . matt come on . buster follow he in . int . receptionist's office - day empty . as buster enter , Matt close the door . buster can we do this ? matt no , but we be do it anyway . he see something on the wall near the door , react , matt uh oh , insert . matte Pov : the keypad of a alarm system . the red light be on . previous shot . matt well , we do not have much time , but that 's okay , we do not need much time . buster be we gonna get in trouble ? matt you will not , buster , you be just along . and if I know what I be do , I will not , either . let 's see if Mr. oberman lock he inner office , Matt cross to try that door , and it open . 89 4 int . oberman' office - day Matt and buster enter , Matt leave the door open . '' 4 matt look around , take it easy . we will have visitor in a minute . buster ( admire office ) it 's beautiful , matt yeah , it be , a angle to include buster , with the painting behind hin , as he turn around and see it . buster ( as though he would be shot ) oh ! a angle on Matt , look sharply from buster to the picture . a angle on buster , ecstatic . he spread he arma wide , -~ . he drop to he knee , buster the lady ? wide shot , Matt look at buster , then the picture , matt I think so . Danny and two enforcers in suit run into the room . Danny have 4 pistol in he hand . danny stop right there ! matt ( easy ) hi , Danny , come on in . I want you to meet a couple people , Danny aim the pistol at Matt , danny handa on you head , ( to enforcer ) aon call the precinct . 90 Matt 's hand do not move . he stay calm . matt '' Danny , you do not know what the fuck 1s go on . calm down , there 's a couple people I want you to meet . Danny 's see by now that this be a odder situation than he waa prepare for . he look at buster , still on he knee , the enforcer pause near the phone , look at Danny for inatruction . Danny shake he head at he , turn back to Matt . danny a couple people ? with whadaya mean , a couple people ? matt get up , buster .. Matt help buster to he foot . suster be daze by this return of he vision . , matt Danny , I want you to meet buster , danny yeah ? and ? Matt point at the painting . matt and I would like you to meet my mother . Danny do not know if this be a joke , or what it be , he blink , out of he depth . buster , follow Matt 's point finger , beam at Danny . buster the lady , matt call oberman , Danny . tell he I know what happen . tell he the picture 's my mother , and he get it from my father 's apartment the day of the disaster . tell he to get here very fast , because there 's another election come along . Danny 's at a loss , but think he should stall . of 1 danny I do not know if I know where he 1a . matt then you be look for a job . come on , 3uster , Matt start for the door . buster reluctantly follow , lookinz back at the painting . danny waitt matt for what ? Danny do not like to be rush , but he 's afraid to call Matt 's bluff . danny let I see can I find he . ext . park avenue HOTEL - night a limousine pull up . oberman get out , look angry and worried , int , lobby - night oberman enter . he see the poster , pause , look at it , keeps go . int . oberman' office - night Matt , buster and Danny sit , buster where he can gaze at the painting . the enforcer stand , lean against the wall . matt get late , Danny , danny he will be here , on Danny 's line , oberman stride in . he glare at Matt , frown at buster , frown in uncertainty at the painting . oberman what 1a this , Bailey ? matt that picture be my mother , my father have it do a long time ago . 92 oberman bullshit . matt the artist sign it on the back . kleeman . a big tall skinny k , and all in red paint . oberman do not like this . he look to Danny for help , oberman do he look on the back of that ? Danny 's surprised he boss do not remember this : danny Mr. oberman , it 's screw to the wall , oberman react . he shake he head , walk around he desk , sit down , oberman tell I about it , matt my father live in forty - five , I tell you that . when I see he , five year ago , the place next door be a wreck , and for sale . you buy it . oberman a corporation buy it . I be one of the principal . ' the same corporation own forty - five . matt it be a teardown , you be do it quick and cheap , use unskill labor . Matt turn to buster , matt you work that job . be they all regular crewa , construction guy ? buster oh , no . they have guy they could not tate a language . matt ( to overman} non-union , illegal immigrant , do not know what they be do , they go through the party wall , 93 ext , 45 and 47 - bay most of the demolition of 47 be do . workmen scurry around . loud crack noise . the side of 45 neurest 4t sag downward , as though morph . then the whole building collapse to the leave , fall into the demolition site , angle on workmen , run , cower , flee the fall debris , a angle on buster , hunkere down but look up , buster' Pov : a jag upright sword of interior wall , three storey high , jutting up into the sunlight , surround by swirl plaster dust , in the noise of the collapse , the painting be on the uppermost part of wall , gleam in sunlight . a angle on buster , stare up , ecstatic , int , oberman' office - night matt for buster , that be like a vision . he still can not get over it . the first time he see I , he tell I about it , but I do not get it . it sound like a religious thing , a miracle vision or something . oberman ( look at painting ) it be almost like that , ext , 45 and 47 - day wide shot , furious activity , workmen clear debris into dumpster . two limousine be already there , owner stand beaide they , look in shock and panic at the wreckage . a third limousine arrive ; oberman sete out , join the other two . they start a serious intense conversation , plan , scheme , a angle on the driver who ride with Matt , as he drive he dumpster onto this site , and look over at the owner . drivex' Pov : the three owner huddle together . then oberman step away , look toward the destruction , a angle on oberman , gaze . oberman ( vo ) it be a beautiful thing . 94 oberman' Pov : the painting on the upthrust wail , from this different angle . 's oberman ( vo ) I want 1t , the minute I see it . int . oberman' office - night close on the painting . camera pan back to show everyone look at it . Matt look away , toward oberman , matt one or more of you partner be very close to the mayor . you could skip around the regulation because of that . but now you have a disaster . the mayor 's croney demolish the wrong building . would the papers like that ? would the local tv news ? and two week before the election . the debris even get heid up by a rally for you guy ! oberman ( exasperate ) how do you know all this crap ? matt what do you care ? I know it , that 's the point . and I kmow what you do , to keep it out of the papers and off the tv . you clear the whole thing off in one day , you pay off everybody who use to live in forty - five , find they new place to live , furniture , clothes , you buy off anybody in the nedghborhood that might have a big mouth . it be not Manhattan , it be just a little outer borough neighborhood nobody ever look at , so you could make it work . nobody ever know . but why do everybody say the building be twelve year old ? what difference do it make ? oberman certificate of occupancy . we could not request a new certificate of occupancy because we nad no building permit , nothing , no right to put the building up . so we have to pretend it be the old building , with the old certificate of occupancy , 95 matt I can se@ why you do not like I show up . '' oberman four year later . we take care of everybody , we solve all the problem . some people lose they photo album , stuff like thate - matt sentimental value . oberman we pay extra for the sentimental value . we put the lid on it . thank God it happen when it do , everyoody be at work , matt my father be retire , oberman look at he , and realization sink in . he 's be avoid this think . oberman I do not believe what you be say . matt it 's true , oberman ( rise emotion ) we do not find a body ! matt you be not look for a body . ext . 45 and 47 - day a angle on & large bulldozer with 4 very wide scoop lift @ great load of debris , we see kitchen chair , pile of clothing , tv set , in among the wood and plaster , the bulldozer drop the load into a dumpster , matt ( vo ) you be look to clear that place , fast , and that 's all . int . oberman' office - night oberman acknowledge the truth . 96 oberman I do not know . nobody ever suspect , you father could not '' have have a lot of friend , nobody ever come around ... matt he be a sour old bastard , but he be blive , oberman four year later , you show up , the very firat one . and even you do not like hin . matt he be hold something for I . oberman suspect the bite 1s come . oberman and it 's miss , you mean . matt ( grin ) oh , no , he 's still get it . I know exactly where it be . ext , landfill - day mos , @npty , no traffic or people , only the seagulla . camera pan over the trash , the dirt , the new grasa , the field . matt ( vo ) in he pocket , if he 's still gota pocket , be a envelope , and in that envelope be a key . int , oberman' office - night matt and that key be the only way in the world for I to get at my hundred forty thousand dollar . oberman ( resisting ) hundre forty thousand dollar . matt I set it up that way , without that key , nobody be ever go to get at that money . qoberman think 97 oberman that 's a lot of money . matt ask you cop friend , wygand . that 's the amount of money miss from the bank job . I always aaid it burn up in the car . you could be the first person ever to believe that story . it over , oberman that 's what you want . matt my money . now . I have be in this town too long . oberman I do not know about this . I have partner , matt I be not one of they . oberman : I have to make some call , 1 /11 tell you what . you and you friend go into the club , take in the show , listen to vivian . 1I '11 make ny call , work something out , and then you will come back . will you give I half a hour ? matt sure . buster , you want to hear that pretty lady sing , do not you ? buster sure . oberman pick up he phone , make a internal call . oberman enrice , I be send two gentleman out . be table twenty - three open ? good . it 's we tab , he hang up , get to he foot . 98 oberman enrico will take care of you . Matt and buster rise . oberman ( thia 1a difficult for he ) Bailey , one thing . Matt wait . oberman : I be sorry about you father . whether you get along with he or not , whether he be 4 prince or whatever he be , I would not knowingly treat anybody with such disrespect , matt good . thank you . Matt and buster exit . oberman sit , make another phone call . oberman detective wygand , please . int . blue narcissus - night vivian sing " I be in the mood for Love . " angle on the singer and the audience . angle on Matt , enjoy it but also wait it out , and buster , rapt . vivian finishes , audience applaud , she bowa , vivian - somehow , I be always in the mood for love when I sing for a great orowd like you . matt. look off to he leave . matte Pov : the darkish mirror on the wall . it seem to shimmer , vivian ( oc ) it 's a good thing we people . be all civilized 99 int . oberman' office - night oberman , Danny , wygand and Charlie guatafson ( the fat white cop ) stand at the two - way mirror . vivian can be see talk into the microphone , but this room be soundproof , Matt 13 see look this way , then face front . oberman he know this be a window . Matt speak to buster , who nod . Matt rise and leavea the table , 48 vivian start another song , wygand that 's it , go to the little boy 's room , charlie I will give back -up . he leave the room . int . men' room - night sleek , black and silver , empty . Matt enter , step to the aide of the door , against the wall . beat , Zack ( the asnaky black cop ) enter , cautious , right hand in pocket . as the door be close behind he , he see Matt from the corner of he eye . his hand start out of he pocket , he start to duck away , and Matt kick the aide of hig knee . Zack stagger , lame , and Matt graba he coat by the shoulder from behind and run he headfirst into the wall , Zack drop . close on the two as Matt go to one imee and frisk hin . he take the small pistol from that pocket , put it in he own jacket pocket . he take wallet and shield holder and pocket they both . he find the handcuffs , cuff one of Zack 's wrist , wider shot , as Matt drag Zack over to the stall and into one . a angle at the stall . Matt prop Zack onto the toilet , cuff hia wrist together behind he and through the pipe , a angle on Charlie , enter , see only Matt 's back , a angle on Matt , stuff much of Zack 's tte into he mouth , hearing the door behind he close , two shot , Charlie move forward , not sure what he 's seelng , Matt swinging around , Zack 's pistol in he hand , lung forward to shove the pistol into Charlie 's gut . 100 matt I think 411 that fat would make a , perfect silencer . what da you '' think ? charlie I think you will never get out of this hotel alive . matt then think how much trouble you must be in . let 's go see oberman , Charlie see Zack past Matt . charlie maybe you could make a run for it . matt we will never know . do I drop you here , or do you walk ? charlie have it you way . Matt pulla Zack 's stall door close . pistol in jacket pocket , he stand close to Charlie , matt just stroll . pretend you be walkin the beat . they exit . int . oberman' office - day Danny 1s seat to one side again , oberman and wygand watch vivian sing . wygand ( edgy ) come on , let 's get this over , wide shot , a the door open and Charlie enter , follow by Matt . they all turn to he , charlie he 's get Zack 's gun . Danny pull a pistol from a shoulder holster . danny ( shout at Charlie ) down ! 101 as Charlie dive to the carpet , Matt shoot Danny in the chest . everyone freeze at the sound of the shot . through the window , vivian can be see , still singing . '' keeping he eye on the people in the room , Matt step backward through the doorway to the receptionist 's office . he do not look to the side , matt put the phone down , walk in here with the rest of we . beat . the receptionist appear , scdre and sheepish . 3he enter the office , Matt follow . : matt {to receptionist ) go over and see if Danny 's alive . she cross to Danny . matt ( to oberman ) 30 you decide to make a mistake , oberman I consider you dangerous . matt armed and dangerous . I will take my hundred forty thousand now . oberman I do not have that kind of cash here . matt that 's too bad , cause that mean I kill you , and go to one of you partner . and he will pay I , because you will be dead and that mean I be serious . Matt swing the pistol toward oberman , who 's shocked . oberman walt ! matt for what ? oberman ( collapse ) all right . luann , open the safe , 102 the receptionist ( luann ) come to the middle of the room . receptionist '' 4 Danny 's alive , matt good . the sooner I leave , the sooner you can call the ambulance , she cross to the wall near the painting , where there 's a bas relief Roman bust . it 's hinge on the side , she opena . it , and the wall safe be behind it . she work the combination . matt and a bag to carry it in . not some shopping bag , something decent . oberman 1s now defeat , and only want this over with . oberman all right . I have to reach here , matt go ahead , wygand we will follow you . matt do not bother . just stay in you precinet . oberman bring a small briefcase up from behind he desk , turn it upside down , dump out papers , folder and a sutomatic , then put the empty case on the desk and pushea it toward Matt . matt that 's nice , he pick up the automatic and put it back in the cage , the receptionist comea over , '' receptionist it 's open , oberman give he ... a hundred forty thousand ? matt make it a hundred fifty . ten for aggravation , 103 oberman nod to the receptionist , who carry the case over to the safe , start pull out stack of bill , oberman I suppose you want the picture , too . matt I do not have a wall . but I do not want you to have it , either . give it to buster , oberman - Fine . God know I do not want it any more , the receptionist bring the full case to Matt . he take it with hia leave hand , pistol in he right . he look quickly around at everybody , step backward through the doorway into the receptionist 's office , kick the door shut . wygand pull a pistol , run for the door . Charlie , huffing , get to he foot , pull he owm pistol , follow . ' the receptionist run after , receptionist I will call the ambulance ! int . lobby - night wygand run out from the office , stare around the lobby . angle on the lobby . normal , no Matt . a angle on wygand as he run for the exit . Charlie eopear behind he , ext . park avenue - night normal . pedestrian , traffic noise . no Matt . wygand rung out , look up and down the street , turn back as Charlie come out . wygand shoos Charlie back inside , int . lobby - night wygand and Charlie run back into the lobby . angle on wygand and Charlie and the lobby , until they become aware that other people be become aware that there be two man in the lobby with gun in they hand , they stop , defeat , they put the gun away . fade to black , 104 int , dormitory - night black continue , janine open the door , create a rectangle of light . she enter , switch on the ceiling fluorescent . she carry fold sheet , and she starta remake a bed , close on janine as she turn she head slowly to look . a angle on janine in fg , the painting on the wall by buster 's bed . it 's far too big for the space , a angle on janine . she want to ask , " tell I about Matt , tell I what you know about Matt . " but she know it 's useless . vo , vivian start to jing , " where or when . " int . blue narcissus - night vivian sing . ; ext . key west motel - night a angle to show a identify sign . vivian continue to sing vo . it 's raining slightly , a drizzle . Matt come out of a motel unit , give the rainy sky a dirty look , turn , walk down the sidewalk away from camera , ~ fade out . fin