" you can count on I " screenplay by Kenneth lonergan shoot draft 2000 fade in : int . / ext . a car ( moving ) . night the shifting light from the odd pass car play over the face of mr. and mrs . prescott , a pleasant - look couple in they late thirty , dress up for a night out . Mr. Prescott drive they along a dark hilly two - lane highway . mrs . prescott why do they always put brace on teenage girl at the exact moment when they be the most self - conscious about they appearance ? pause . mr. prescott I do not know . up ahead , near the top of the oncoming hill , a red pickup truck be poke its nose out of the short exit lane . mrs . prescott Tom -- mr. prescott I see he ... the pickup lurch into the road , with not nearly enough time to spare . mrs . prescott Tom ! mr. prescott Jesus ! Mr. Prescott swerve over the double solid white line and clear the truck as -- another pair of headlight from a oncoming truck rise up over the hill directly in front of they -- mrs . prescott ( scream ) Tom ! Mr. Prescott 's foot stomp on the brake . we black out and there be the SOUND of a terrible crash . CUT to : ext . the prescott ' front door . night the shadow of a big man loom up onto the front door . a big finger ring the bell . a moment . amy , a thirteen - year - old baby -sitter with brace , open the door and look up . in the b.g. we see two child , sammy ( samantha ) and terry prescott , in they pajamas , lie on they stomach in the live room , watch television . sammy be eleven . Terry be eight . reverse : darryl , the sheriff , a portly fellow with glass and a mustache , look down at amy . sheriff hello , Amy . amy ( puzzle ) hi , darryl . sheriff ( think ) Amy , would you please tell the kid you will be right back , and then shut the door and come outside to talk to we for a minute ? amy ok . ( to kid ) be right back , you guy ! sammy you be not suppose to go out , Amy . terry she 's go to smoke a cigarette . amy close the door and look expectantly up at darryl . darryl do not know how to start . ext . church . day credit begin over a blustery April day . the steeple of the little white church stand out against the sharp blue sky . int . town church . day it 's a small church and a small congregation , but it 's full . there 's a choir of mostly senior citizen array in the back . two close casket be laid out in front of the minister , a fiftyish woman with thick glass and salt - and - pepper hair , who be give a eulogy mos . among the mourner in the second row sit Terry and sammy , both redey , and uncomfortable in they dress - up clothes . they aunt Ruth , a pinch - face woman in she forty , sit next to they . sammy and Terry be hold hand tightly . Terry wipe he eye with he free hand . the Minister address she remark to the child . sammy be hang on the Minister 's every word ; Terry be shifting he eye and he seat as if it will kill he to sit still another minute . dissolve to : ext . scottsville cemetery . sixteen year later . day on the beautiful hill overlook the beautiful windy green country , sammy , twenty - seven year old now , put flower on she parent ' grave with quick , practice movement . she be a nice - look young woman of a neat appearance , save from primness by a elusive , pleasantly flustered quality . a unsuccessfully neat person . she be dress in office clothes -- white blouse , dark skirt , high heel , light raincoat over everything . she pick out a couple of weed and then bow she head and close she eye . credit end . ext . scottsville -- MAIN STREET . day scottsville be a small town . Main Street . run-down old store next to a new bank , a couple of chain store , a few restaurant of vary ambition . Civil War statue . World War I statue . World War ii statue . residential street wander away from Main Street up and down hill . you know there 's a minimall somewhere nearby . a fair amount of activity during the daytime . sammy' car pull up across the street from where a eight - year - old boy in a secondhand baseball jacket and a school knapsack be wait at the curb . this be she son , rudy . sammy call out the car window . sammy rudy , come on ! I be really late ! rudy hurry across the street and get in the car , slinging he knapsack into the backseat . int . the car ( moving ) . day sammy how be school ? rudy stupid . sammy why do you say that ? rudy we be suppose to write a story for English homework , but they do not tell we what it 's suppose to be about . sammy what do you mean ? rudy I mean they do not tell we what it 's suppose to be about . they say do whatever you want . sammy so what 's wrong with that ? rudy nothing . I just think it 's unstructure . sammy ( smile ) well , I be sure you will be able to think of something . if you can not , I will help you . int . / ext . car / carol' house . day sammy stop the car outside a heavily thicketed driveway ( carol' house ) , and rudy get out . sammy do not forget you backpack . rudy return to take he knapsack out of the back . rudy it 's not a backpack , it 's a knapsack . sammy do not forget you knapsack . rudy hoist he knapsack out of the back . sammy give I a kiss . rudy give she a kiss and put he arm around she and squeeze she neck . he withdraw , slam the door . as sammy drive away , he slog up the long twist driveway . ext . merchant national trust -- parking lot . day sammy get out of she car , which be park in one of the half dozen space in the little parking lot allocate for bank employee . she hurry toward the employee ' entrance , fix she skirt as she go . int . merchant national trust . day sammy hurry down the clean hallway in the back past mabel , a pleasant - face fellow employee . mabel guess who 's be ask for you ? sammy oh no , really ? mabel nod and pass by . sammy knock on a big door that say " manager " and have half the letter of the previous branch manager 's name take off it . brian ( Inside ) yeah , come in ! sammy swing open the door . brian everett , the new branch manager , be unpack a box . sammy be surprised to see he be in he early thirty and very good - look in a boyish sort of way ; he wear shirt - sleeve and tie , and a wedding ring . sammy Mr. Everett ? brian yeah : Brian . sammy Brian . hi. I be samantha Prescott -- I be the lend officer ? brian yeah , hi , how be you ? come on in . sit down . sammy come into the office and sit . sammy I be so sorry I be late ... brian yeah , we miss you before ... sammy I get hold up . believe I , it be not something I make a habit of ... brian I be sure it 's not . actually -- could you just , could you close that door for I ? thanks . sammy get up and close the door . int . brian office . later sammy sit in front of Brian 's desk . Brian be behind the desk listen . sammy -- so I always just run out at 3:15 to pick he up and then run he real quick over to the sitter 's house . anyway , Larry never minded about it and I be just hope it would be ok with you too ... brian well -- samantha -- I realize that scottsville be not exactly a major banking center ... sammy no it 's not ... brian no -- I know it 's not ... but it 's kind of a personal challenge to I to see what we can do to bring local service up to the same kind of standard we would be try to meet if we be the biggest branch in the state . and that mean I do not want anybody run out at 3:15 or 3:30 , or whenever the bus happen to come in that day . now be there anybody else who can pick you son up after school ? do you husband work in the area ? do you -- sammy oh -- no -- rudy sr. be not " on the scene . " so to speak . brian well , I can give you a couple of day to make some other arrangement , but ... sammy well -- Brian ? I understand what you be say , and I think it 's great . I do . because there 's a lot of thing around here that could use some attention . believe I . but I have honestly be meeting that bus every day for four year now and it really do take just fifteen minute , and if I take the time out of my lunch hour ... brian I would really prefer it if you would make some other arrangement . ok ? sammy ( brightly ) I will do my best ...! Brian kick back in he chair and put he hand behind he head . brian how old 's you son ? sammy he 's eight . brian that 's a terrific age . int . sammy' car ( moving ) . dusk sammy and rudy drive home in silence . the orange sunlight flicker through the tree and onto they face as they drive along . ext . prescott ( sammy be ) house . dusk the same house that sammy grow up in , with sixteen year ' more wear on it . sammy 's car swing expertly by the mailbox , and rudy reach half he body out of the passenger window and get the mail . int . sammy' house . dusk sammy come into the house carry two bag of grocery . rudy follow , look through the mail . sammy pass through the house and go into the kitchen . rudy you get a letter from uncle Terry . sammy what ?! her whole face light up and she grab the letter . she tear it open and read it with grow excitement . int . sammy' bedroom . later sammy open she file drawer . Inside be tax file , household file , miscellaneous file . she put Terry 's letter away in a very full file mark " Terry -- Correspondence . " the folder be stuff with other letter , on all different kind of stationery from all over the country , all from Terry . int . dine room . night sammy and rudy be eat dinner . it 's a biggish house for just two people . rudy whose room be he gonna stay in ? sammy he can stay in the little room . ( pause ) but you know what ? he 's not go to live here . he 's only gonna stay for a little while ... and it 's ok if you do not remember he , because you be only six the last time he be here ... but it will be nice if you get a chance to get to know each other a little bit . do not you think ? rudy look worried and do not answer . int . live room . later rudy be on the floor , write in he school composition notebook . sammy come downstairs . sammy rudy ? would it distract you if I put on some music ? rudy no . she put on a CD , sit down and pick up a book . she look at rudy , who be write away . sammy do you think of a story ? rudy uh huh . sammy what 's it about ? rudy my father . pause . sammy what about you father ? rudy it 's just a make - up story about he . sammy can I read it when you be do ? rudy it 's not very good . sammy do not say that . rudy keep write . int . live room . later sammy be smoking a cigarette and drink a glass of wine and read rudy 's story . it upset she . int . sammy' bedroom . later sammy sit on the edge of she bed , not dial the phone . she catch a glimpse of herself in she parent ' floor - length mirror with the wear , heavy wooden frame . against she better judgment she pick up the phone and dial . int . dawson's grill . night sammy and bob steegerson be eat dinner at Dawson 's , the only fancy restaurant in town . Bob be in he mid-thirty , a realtor , a decent , ordinary guy . sammy anyway , Bob , it 's sort of this adventure story , and rudy 's father be this secret agent or something , work for the government ... and it just make I feel weird . you know ? because I never really say much to he about rudy sr. , because I do not know what to say . and I do not know whether I should just let he imagine whatever he want to imagine , or whether I should sit he down sometime and tell he , you know , that he father be not such a nice person . you know ? bob well ... I do not know , sammy . what have you tell he already ? sammy not much . he know I do not have the high opinion of he . and he know I do not want to see he or know anything about he , ever . but I try to keep it kind of neutral . anyway ... I could go into a lot more detail , believe I . bob well ... it 's a interesting problem . but I do not really know what to tell you ... it 's a little outside my personal field of expertise ... sammy all right . bob I would be glad to give it some think ... sammy ok . he be smile at she . sammy what ? bob nothing ... I be just glad to see you ... I be glad you call I . sammy I bet you be surprised ...! bob um -- a little . Bob drain he wineglass . sammy cut at she steak . int . bob' bedroom . night sammy and Bob lie in Bob 's bed , a few minute after have make love . they be very far away from each other , but try with difficulty not to let on . sammy I should get go ... bob really ? sammy yeah ... I have get the baby-sitter ... but ... thanks for a lovely evening . bob oh . thank you . she kiss he . she try to make it sexy , but he 's not into it anymore and he politely restrict the kissing . int . sammy' bathroom . night sammy stand in she slip brush she tooth in front of the mirror . she brushes vigorously , look at herself while she brushes . dissolve to : ext . STREET corner -- worcester , Mass . dawn the corner window of a grim little apartment building on a very grim street in a grim little city . int . terry's apartment -- worcester , Mass . night a tiny apartment with a bed , chair , table , fridge , and not much else . one window have a break pane and a old sheet neatly thumbtack over it to keep the wind out . terry prescott come in . he be twenty - five year old : a real mess with a certain natural appeal . he wear old jeans , very old hike boot , and a lumberjack - style coat . he take a wool hat off he head . his hair be longish and dirty . sheila sadler be sit at the table by the fridge . she be barely eighteen , frail and damage . sheila hey , Terry . terry hey . Terry look at she and smile encouragingly . she smile back . sheila where would you get the hat ? terry oh , I get it on the street for a dollar . sheila it 's nice . terry well , you know , it 's pretty much you standard woolen hat . sheila yeah , I have a very similar reaction to it . Sheila look away . silence . terry can I get that money from you ? sheila yeah . sorry . as she open she purse , Terry take a few vague step toward she . she take out a tiny hippie-ish woven wallet and give Terry all the money in it : a twenty and two one . terry be that all you have ? sheila yeah . terry can you borrow some cash from you brother ? sheila um , yeah , but that would involve speak to he . terry well , I be definitely gonna be go for a couple of day at least , Sheila . sheila why do you have to stay so long ? terry because my sister be not a bank , you know ? I can not just show up and ask she for -- sheila you seem to think my brother 's a bank ! terry oh Sheila can we just cut out the puerile crap ?! I will be back just as soon as I can . ok ? I be not the kind of man that everyone say I be . sheila I know you be not . terry I will call you tonight . pause . sheila do not you wanna tell I you love I ? terry I love you . sheila that be really convincing . terry well ... I think after this be over you should seriously consider move back home . sheila ( short laugh ) oh , yeah . terry ( give up ) all right ... sheila you gonna call tonight ? terry definitely . she put she arm around he and hold on . ext . new york state -- mountain -- highway . day Wide open shot of hilly country and a big sky overhead . a greyhound bus drive into the shot along the curve of the highway . int . bus ( moving ) -- bathroom . day Terry be seat on the toilet seat in the cramped bathroom smoking a joint . he take a huge hit and hold it in for as long as humanly possible . he blow out what 's leave , take another equally huge hit and hold it in . ext . local highway . day the bus whooshes along a smaller , heavily wood roller - coaster road . int . bus ( moving ) . day Terry look out the window at the pass scenery . the sunlight flicker on he face . Pov terry : the bus roll past the hilltop cemetery . Terry shift uncomfortably in he seat . Pov terry : the " welcome to scottsville " sign whizze by . house start dotting the side of the road . Terry start get very agitate . ext . MAIN STREET . day Terry stand at one end of Main Street , backpack over he shoulder , as the bus drive off . he look around at the town go about its Saturday afternoon business . int . kitchen . simultaneous loud country - western music be blaring as sammy , wear a apron , set a big vase of flower on the kitchen table and hurry to the oven . there be also cookie , a pie , evidence of massive fancy cooking . she put on she oven mitt and take a lasagna out of the oven , as the phone ring . she pick up . sammy ( into phone ) hello ?... terry !... ext . sammy' house . day sammy practically burst out the front door . she have change into nice clothes . ext . alley . day Terry secret himself in a small dark alley . he take out he carefully wrap half joint and light it . smoking , he look at the sunlit slant of street beyond the alley . ext . MAIN STREET . a few moment later Terry , fairly well stone , walk along Main Street . a skinny man emerge from he hardware store to greet Terry and shake hand . Terry say " hi , " but keep on walk . he pass some other people . he almost run right into sheriff darryl , sixteen year fatter and grayer . sheriff whoa there ! terry sorry . the sheriff recognize Terry and break into a big smile . sheriff God damn ! Terry Prescott ! how you doin ' ? gimme a cuddle ! the sheriff give Terry a big bear hug . Terry be waste and selfconscious but smile . he pat the sheriff 's back . terry how you doin ' , darryl ? sheriff which way you head ? terry I be just goin ' to see sammy at Dawson 's ... sheriff can I walk with you a little ? terry sure , yeah -- sheriff so sammy say you be out in Alaska ...? terry yeah , I be workin ' out there for a little while ... ext . MAIN STREET . a few moment later the sheriff walk along with Terry . Terry , very self - conscious about smell like pot , fumble to light a cigarette . the sheriff do not seem to notice . sheriff -- sammy say she 's gettin ' postcard from all across the country . terry yeah , I have be all over the place ... they stop outside dawson' . sheriff well , it 's good to have you back here , I will tell you that . terry thanks , darryl . keep enforce the peace . sheriff well , that will be a little harder now that you be home , but I will do what I can . terry no , man , I be reform . sheriff oh , yeah . good to see you , kid . terry thanks , darryl . darryl walk away . Terry stand outside the restaurant look for sammy . behind he in the restaurant sammy be sit at a table , talk to the waitress . she see Terry and get up immediately , smile like crazy as she thread she way through the table toward the door . Terry turn and see she . he break into a big smile , toss he cigarette and go into the restaurant . through the window we see they make they way toward each other . sammy throw she arm around he . he hug she back with a big involuntary smile as the glass door slowly close . int . dawson be -- at there table . a few moment later Terry be study the menu , over- intently . sammy be beam at he . terry sorry about yesterday -- sammy I do not care -- terry I be study the bus description ... and I just ... I get on the wrong bus -- I mean I miss my stop -- sammy I do not care , Terry . I be just so glad to see you ...! terry I be glad to see you too , sammy . um ... be you come from work ? sammy um , no , it 's Saturday ... terry yeah , no , it 's just ... you be dress so formally ... sammy oh. no . you know , I just think I would -- you know I think it be a special occasion ... which it be ... terry no , it 's good . I think I would dress up too . he gesture to he shitty clothes . sammy that 's ok . you look fine . terry ( a strange , unsuccessful joke ) yeah , this be the haute cuisine of garment . sammy what ? terry nothing , nothing ... um ... so how be you ? sammy I be fine . terry how 's rudy ? sammy we be fine , Terry . how be you ? ( pause ) I mean -- terry yeah ... sammy -- where have you be lately , Terry ? terry -- I know , I have not be -- sammy I get a postcard from you from Alaska ...? terry yeah , I be up there for a while ... sammy but that be in the fall , Terry ... terry yeah , I know I have be out of touch ... sammy I be a little worried . ( pause ) I mean -- terry oh , I be a lotta different place ... um ... I go down to Florida for a while ... I be do some work in Orlando ... I have be all over the place . sammy well ... I just wish you would have let I know you be ok ... terry yeah . I do not realize it would be so long ... he look around the restaurant . sammy ( beam again ) be you gonna stay in town for a while ? terry well , I do not know ... I get all this thing I gotta do back in worcester ... sammy oh ... terry ... yeah , so I be probably not gonna be able to stay more than a day or so ... sammy oh ... well ... that 's all right ...! terry ... I be kind of try to keep to a schedule of sort . it 's a long and worthy story but I will not trouble you with it right now . he twist around and look all over the restaurant . she watch he . sammy be you expect someone ? terry who would I be expect here ? sammy you just keep look around , that 's all . terry no , I be just wonder if we could get some more refreshment , actually . he laugh . look down . silence . he look up at she . terry I have actually get to confess to you , sammy ... that the reason you may not have hear from I for a little while be that I have be kind of unable to write ... on account of the fact that I be in jail for a little while . sammy you be what ? a couple of people in the restaurant look at they . Terry notice but sammy do not . terry well , I do a little time , I guess , in Florida . for , uh , just for bullshit ... sammy what ?! terry it be just bullshit ... sammy what do you do ? terry I do not do anything . do it occur to you that maybe I be wronge ? sammy no ! terry well , could I please -- sammy oh my God ! -- terry would you please let I -- sammy -- what happen ?! terry I get into a fight in a bar down in Florida . which I be not the one who instigate it , at all . but they work up all this bullshit against I and they throw I in the pen for three month . I do not write you because I do not want you to get all upset about it . I just figure you would figure I be on the road for a little while . I know it be stupid and I be sorry . I really do not mean to make you worry . but you know what ? I can not run around all the time doin ' stuff or not doin ' stuff because it 's gonna make you worry ! because then I come back here , and I tell you about my fuckin ' ... trauma , and I get this wounded little " I have let you down " bullshit , over and over again , and it really just -- cramp I ! like I just want to get out from under it !... and here I be back in this fuckin ' hole explain myself to you again ! sammy ok -- can you please stop cursing at I ? terry I mean , I realize I be in no position to , uh , basically say anything , ever -- but it 's not like I be down there in some redneck bar in Florida have a argument with some stripper 's boyfriend and I suddenly think , " hey ! maybe this would be a good time to really stick it to sammy and get myself lock up for a few month . " sammy I be sorry . terry I too , man . I mean " welcome home . " sammy hey -- you do not write I for six month , I have no idea where you be -- terry I be sorry -- sammy -- I do not know if you be alive or dead -- terry I be sorry -- sammy -- and then you show up out of nowhere and tell I you be in jail ? terry I be sorry , I be sorry , I be sorry , sammy , I be really sorry ...! the patron be all either look at they or try not to look . silence . terry sammy ... sammy what ? terry um ... I be in the midst of a slight predicament ... sammy what do you need ? money ? terry um ... yeah ... I be break . I gotta get back to worcester tomorrow . I get this girl there , and she 's kind of in a bad situation ...? I just need to borrow some money . whatever you can spare . ( pause ) I will pay you back ... I will pay you back , man . sammy I really wish Mom be here . terry so do I , man . sammy nobody know what to do with you . terry I know how they feel , man . silence , except for the sound of the restaurant . sammy Terry ? can I ask you something ? terry sure . sammy ( with some difficulty ) well -- I mean , do you ever go to church anymore ? terry come on , sammy , can we not talk about that shit ? sammy do you ? terry um -- no , sammy . I do not . sammy can you tell I why not ? terry um , yeah . because I think it 's ridiculous . sammy well -- can you tell I without like , denigrate what I believe in ? terry because I think it 's primitive , ok ? I think it 's a fairy tale . sammy well -- I mean , have you ever consider that maybe that 's part of what 's make thing so difficult for you ? terry no . sammy -- that you have lose hold of -- well , not just you religious feel , but lose hold of any kind of anchor , any kind of trust in anything ... I mean no wonder you drift around so much . what could ever stop you ? how would you ever know if you have find the right thing ? terry well , uh , I be not really look for anything , man . I be just , like , try to get on with it . the waitress approach with they salad . waitress here we go ... she set they down on the table . sammy and terry thank you . the waitress leave . silence . Terry pick at he salad . sammy do not touch hers . she watch he miserably . ext . bank -- ATM . day Terry watch while sammy insert she card in the ATM and punch in she code . Terry wait . she punch in $ 300 . the machine grind out she cash . she give he the money . terry thank you , sammy ... I be really gonna pay this back . she take she card back and put it back in she wallet . int . sammy' car . day sammy and Terry get in the car . sammy be not say anything . terry where we go ? sammy to pick up rudy . she put on she glass and she seat belt . she will not look at he . terry well ... do you not even want I to visit now ? ' Cause I can catch the bus at five o'clock if that 's what you want . sammy well , of course I want you to visit , you idiot ! I have be look forward to see you more than anything ! I have be tell everyone I know that you be come home ! I clean the whole fuck house so it would look nice for you ! I think you be gonna stay for at least a few day ! it do not occur to I that you be just break again . I wish you would have just send I a invoice ! she stop . Terry be now totally contrite . int . bathroom . night Terry sit in the tub . Water drip from the faucet . he be stare blankly up at the pristine blue- and - white tile wall and the neatly fold match towel . int . live room . later sammy and rudy be in the live room . rudy be play with a game Boy type game . in the b.g. , terry be dial the phone . he look clean and shave , he hair be neatly comb . terry ( into phone ) hi , be that malcolm ?... hi , this be Terry Prescott ?... I be try to get ahold of Sheila and there 's no answer , and I be just wonder if she -- she what ?... he sit down . terry ( into phone ) when ?... well -- be she all right ?... well , could I talk to she ?... well , could you give she a message that I -- click . he be hang up on . he slowly hang up . sammy notice that something 's wrong . he look at she from across the room . terry that girl I be with try to kill herself . sammy what ? terry she try to kill herself . int . terry's room . night Terry be sit on the bed , address a envelope to sheila . he put the $ 300 in the envelope and seal it . he see sammy stand in the doorway . he start to unlace he boot . sammy do you have everything you need ? terry I think so . sammy come into the room and sit next to he . he be very busy with he lace . sammy what be you go to do ? terry I do not know . send the money I guess . sammy maybe you should stay home for a little while , Terry . terry yeah , maybe that would be a good idea . he start cry . sammy pat he . ext . scottsville church . day a bright , clear , blue-sky Sunday morning in scottsville . Inside the little white church they be sing . ext . church . day people be filing out of the church . we also see a couple of the bank employee , include brian and he very pretty six month ' pregnant wife , nancy . we find sammy and rudy . sammy be chat to some neighbor . rudy be bored out of he mind , wait for she . int . sammy' house -- live room . day Terry be lie on the sofa , smoking , with he foot up and boot on , watch Sunday morning tv . on the coffee table be he dirty ashtray , dirty bowl and spoon , Rice krispy box and a milk carton . ext . sammy' house . night cricket buzz loudly outside the house . int . stair . night sammy , in she bathrobe , come down the stair into the live room . Terry be on the sofa play with rudy 's game Boy . he barely look up when she speak to he . sammy I be go to bed . do you have everything you need ? terry yeah . thanks . sammy good night . terry good night . pause . sammy Terry , I be really glad you be home . Terry try to smile at she . terry yeah , I too , sammy . he go back to he game . she hesitates , then head back up the stair . int . sammy' kitchen . day sammy , Terry and rudy sit at the kitchen table . sammy be dress for work . rudy be dress for school . Terry be also fully dress , drink the last dregs of a mug of coffee . he be tired , but listen to sammy very carefully , as if receive difficult and critical instruction . sammy ok . so we will drop rudy off at the bus , then all you have to do be drop I off at the bank , and just pick rudy up at 3:30 in front of town hall , and drive he over to Carol 's house . and that 's it . she 's on harvey Lane , right past where the dewitt use to live . terry ok . sammy rudy know where she life . Terry glance at rudy , then back at sammy . terry ok . int . bank -- mabel' desk . day sammy walk past mabel' desk , carry a big stack of file . she drop three of they on the desk . mabel be type away at she PC . the color be a garish purple background with GREEN letter . sammy God , mabel , do not that color hurt you eye ? mabel oh no , they keep I fresh . sammy proceed down the hall and into -- int . brian office . day Brian be at he desk , busy work between stack of papers . she knock on the open door . brian yeah ! ( look up ) hi , sammy . what can I do for you ? sammy um , Brian ? do you want we to turn this time sheet in at the end of the day , or do you want it at the end of the week ...? brian oh , yeah , end of the day will be fine . sammy seem like a awful lot of extra paperwork ... Brian hesitates , shrug and smile . brian I like paperwork . sammy look at he with a blank smile . int . bank -- sammy' desk . a moment later sammy sit down at she desk and notice the time : 3:30 . she reach for the phone , then decide not to call . ext . scottsville -- MAIN STREET . day the clock on the front of the town hall read 3:31 . the school bus pull up across from the town hall and disgorge a handful of kid . rudy come out with he knapsack , look around ... Pov rudy : Terry , across the street , sit on the hood of sammy 's car , smoking . rudy walk over to he . rudy you show up . terry look that way . int . sammy' car ( moving ) . day Terry and rudy drive in silence . Terry glance at rudy . terry put on you seat belt . rudy it push on my neck . terry what ? rudy it push on my neck . it 's uncomfortable . terry well , when somebody slam into we and you go sailin' through the windshield , that 's liable to be uncomfortable too . so put on you seat belt . rudy put on he seat belt . rudy Mom 's parent die in a car accident . terry I know . they be my parent too . rudy they be ? terry well , yeah . you mom be my sister . rudy yeah , I know . terry so that mean we have the same parent . rudy oh yeah . they drive in silence for a moment . Terry glance down at rudy . int . bank -- sammy' desk . day sammy , laden with file , plop down at she desk as mabel be pass by . mabel put a phone message down in front of she . mabel um -- Carol just call . she say Terry and rudy never show up at she house ? sammy you have get to be kid I . a moment later : Brian , talk to a employee , see sammy , across the bank , hurry out the employee ' exit . brian hey , sammy ? sammy do not hear and exit . ext . orrine backyard . day Terry and rudy be bang nail with ray , a young guy Terry 's age . Terry , hammer with swift , accurate blow , glance up and watch rudy for a second . rudy be hammer away with no great skill . terry hey . look . he move rudy 's hand down toward the end of the handle . terry you hold it further down , you be gonna get a lot more power . you should be able to put that nail down with two or three hit . look : with two swift stroke he drive the nail flush into the wood . terry try it . rudy that 's not the way I hold it . terry well , the way you hold it be wrong . rudy why can not I just do it my own way ? Terry look at he unsympathetically for a moment . terry ( shrug ) you can . he go back to work . rudy resume hammer . after a moment he switch he grip and start hammer Terry 's way . Terry look up and watch he . ext . in front of orrine house . a moment later sammy pull up , fast , and get out of the car . hear the hammer from the backyard , she walk quickly around the side of the house and stop short when she see rudy hammer happily away with Terry and Ray . she watch they work , unobserve , with mix annoyance and relief , and finally with quiet pleasure , because it 's a very cheerful sight . int . bank . day half the staff have go home . sammy , in she coat , pick a note up off she chair . it read : " sammy , please see I a.s.a.p !!! -- brian " int . brian office . a moment later sammy stand in front of Brian 's desk . sammy Brian ? do you want to see I ? brian yeah . I be kind of wonder what happen to you today . sammy oh -- do not mabel -- I have a false alarm about my son ... brian yeah , I kind of think you be gonna work that out . sammy well , I do work it out -- more or less -- brian then why're you run outta here in the middle of the day without a word of explanation to I , sammy ? sammy Brian , do not yell at I . brian I be -- I be not yell . I be just gettin ' a little frustrated here . sammy well Brian : brian sorry , could you close the door please ? sammy close the door . int . dine room . night sammy , Terry and rudy sit at dinner . the atmosphere be lively and cheerful . sammy ... and eddy dwyer life in buffalo , with he wife and two son , if you can believe it . terry that be depress . sammy why ? terry he just never strike I as the marrying type , that 's all . rudy who be you talk about ? terry Wild kid we use to know . rudy be you a wild kid ? terry not compare to you Mom . rudy yeah , right . terry you do not believe I ? rudy no . terry ask she . rudy Mom , be you ? sammy no comment . rudy be amaze . Terry look at he like , " told you so . " int . sammy' bedroom . night sammy be asleep in bed . int . rudy's bedroom . night rudy be asleep in bed . int . bar . night Terry sit at the bar , drink beer . there be a few local in the place , but it 's pretty dead . he look around ; he energy be too restless for the near-empty bar . int . rudy's bedroom . night the door open , and terry come in , smoking a cigarette . he 's plaster . he look around the room . look at rudy 's toy . pick up some superhero comic and sit on rudy 's bed . then he spy rudy 's composition book , pick it up and start read it . rudy ( o.c. ) what be you do ? Terry look up . rudy be half - sit up in bed . terry oh -- just readin ' some of you composition . rudy why be you smoking ? terry um ... because it 's bad . do not ever do it . rudy I will not . terry you know this use to be my room ? rudy yeah ... ( pause ) do you want it back ? terry no . rudy be very relieved . Terry keep read . rudy watch he . rudy do you fight in Vietnam ? terry no . I be not even bear yet . rudy be you ever in the army ? terry no . rudy my father be in the army . terry I know . unfortunately he do not fight in Vietnam either . rudy be you friend with he ? terry not really . we have some friend in common , I guess ... I do not like he very much . rudy why not ? terry well , he be not very likable . rudy why do you say that ? terry I do not know . he be always -- he always have to be better than you at everything . you know . like if you be all play basketball or something , everybody 's havin ' like a friendly game and he 's like ready to kill somebody if he team do not win . or like if you tell like a joke or a story , he always have to tell a better one ? kinda get annoying after a while . plus it be pretty scummy how he split on you mom and you ... he be a prick . probably still a prick . fortunately for you though , you mom be like , the great . so you have some bad luck and you have some good luck . ( pause ) you mind if I ask you a personal question ? rudy I do not know . terry do you like it here ? I mean , in scottsville ? rudy yeah ...? terry why ? rudy I do not know . my friend be here ... I like the scenery ... I do not know . terry I know , I know , but it 's so ... there 's nothing to do here . rudy yes there be . terry no there be not , man ! it 's narrow . it 's dull . it 's a dull , narrow town full of dull , narrow people who do not know anything except ... what thing be like right around here . they have no perspective whatsoever . no scope . they might as well be live in the nineteenth century because they have no idea what 's go on , and if you try to tell them that , they wanna fuckin ' kill you . rudy what be you talk about ? terry I do not know ... Terry lie on he back and smoke . terry you be a good kid . int . bank -- sammy' desk . morning there 's a note on sammy 's chair . " sammy , please see I -- brian " sammy , just arrive at work and still in she coat , look down at the note . int . bank -- brian office . day sammy listen to Brian . brian yeah . this do not apply to you directly , sammy , but I have notice that some of the employee have they PC monitor set with all kind of crazy color ... purple and polka dot or what have you . and it 's not a big deal , but really , this be a bank . you know ? it 's not really appropriate . so I be just ask that people stick to a more quote unquote normal range of color in future ... sammy look at he blankly . brian like I say , it do not really apply to you . sammy no , my computer palette 's pretty conservative . int . bank -- mabel' desk . day mabel be type angrily at a gray screen with black letter . sammy walk by . mabel be so mad she do not even look up . int . bank -- sammy' desk . day sammy sit agitate for a moment . she make a decision , pick up the phone and dial . int . bob' office . simultaneous Bob be in he little realty office with two client , a husband and wife . he pick up he ringing phone . bob ( into phone ) Bob steegerson . sammy ( on phone ) what be you wear ? bob ( into phone ) Mom ? sammy laugh . int . sammy' house -- downstair hall . night Terry be hold a broom look up at the ceiling . sammy pass by and stop . sammy what 's up ? Terry tap the broom handle against the ceiling . terry do you know you have a enormous leak from the upstairs hall ? he poke again . a portion of the ceiling collapse on he head in wet chunks of plaster and muck . sammy um , yeah , thanks , I do . int . sammy' room . night sammy , in front of the mirror , finish dolling herself up for she date . o.c. we hear loud bang . sammy put on she earring and go into -- int . hall . continuous sammy be you guy sure you be gonna be ok ? terry yes . yes . sammy approach rudy and terry . they be bent over a big nasty trench in the floorboard . there be wood shaving and greasy pipe segment all over , and black smeary smudge on the wall nearby . sammy what be happen here ? terry it 's just -- the problem be that the pipe be corrode all the way along the length of the hall . so every time I put in a new piece it start leak further down . sammy why do not I just call the plumber ? terry why ? he 's not gonna do anything different than what I be do . rudy ( happily ) yeah . we be make it worse ! terry no we be not . shut up . Terry yank the wrench and a spray of filthy water come out of the pipe and splatter the wallpaper and picture and sammy with gritty gray water . she look at they . sammy thank you . thank you both . int . hallway . night Bob and sammy -- clean up and wear a different outfit -- be bustling out the front door . Terry stand by . sammy now , call if there 's any problem , and if I be not there , I be either on my way or on my way back home . terry ok . sammy get into she coat . Bob open the front door . sammy ( to terry ) so light out at ten ... and do not spend the whole night watch tv . terry Nice to meet you , Bob . bob you too . terry ( to sammy ) what 's you idea of the whole night ? sammy two hour top . Bob hold the door for sammy and smile at she . there be some confusion about who should go out first . finally she go and Bob follow . the atmosphere between they be fairly awkward . int . sammy' house . night Terry and rudy be watch tv from the sofa . terry what 's you feel about Bob ? rudy I do not really know he that well . Terry look at he watch . terry I have bad news for you . he pick up the remote ... rudy no ...! ... and turn off the tv . they sit there in the sudden silence . rudy great . what be we suppose to do now ? terry do you know how to play pool ? rudy I have play it . ext . the wild moose . night the Wild moose be a noisy roadside bar sit under the star . Terry and rudy get out of the car . rudy look apprehensive . rudy I do not think they let kid in there . terry well , we be not allow to watch any more tv , so it 's this or nothing ... but if we run into any trouble , let I do the talk . rudy ok . Terry swing the door open . int . the wild moose . night Pov rudy : a lot of man and woman at the bar or in booth , eat and drink . smoky , crowded and very loud . as he follow Terry through the crowd various patron notice he -- some of the look be friendly , some blank , some cold , i.e. , what 's a kid do in here ? at the pool table : Terry and rudy stand side by side face the player and wait player gather around the table . Terry wave a few bill . terry I get a hundred buck here say I and my nephew can beat anybody in here . only we gotta get the next game ' cause he 's gotta be in bed by ten o'clock . a moment later : rudy , very nervous , and the 1st Pool player be side by side shoot for break . Terry be behind rudy coach he . terry just hit it nice and soft ... Nice and soft . they hit the ball . rudy just clip he ball and it do not go anywhere . 1st Pool player 's ball hit the opposite bank and come almost all the way back . rudy ( to terry ) sorry . terry God damn , rudy . I think you say you could play . rudy do not answer . Terry wink at he . a moment later : 1st pool player break -- whack ! -- the ball scatter . nothing drop . terry step up to the table , chalking up he cue . terry boy , it 's all over but the cryin' . quick cut : of Terry run the table and everyone watch . Three - ball in the side . one -ball in the corner . nine - ball off three cushion and into the corner , and the eleven - ball into the side . rudy watch he . int . bob' apartment . night Bob and sammy sit at Bob 's dining room table . the little bachelor apartment look pretty good . tablecloth , candle , wine , everything . Bob have just drop a huge bombshell . sammy Bob ... be you serious ? bob yeah . sammy I ... I do not know what to say . I -- bob I mean , I know I have not exactly be the most ... decisive ... guy . in the past ... I do not know : I be tired of foolin ' around . and I love you . sammy I ... I be totally ... I do not know what to say . bob well , you could always say " yes . " ( pause ) or you could think about it first . sammy that 's it : I want to think about it . bob ok ... Fair enough . int . wild moose . night Terry have sink everything but the eight ball . he lean over to sink it . it 's a fairly easy shot . he line it up carefully , and deliberately shoot it so it stop two inch from the corner pocket . terry ohhhh ! a few moment later : Terry and rudy sit side by side watch as the 2nd Pool player pass back and forth between they and the camera , run the table . " ooh " and " all rights " emit from the spectator . sudden silence . then the clack of the ball connect . a great common groan go up . rudy look up at Terry . terry it 's all yours , baby . rudy look at the table : the eight - ball be two inch off the corner . the cue ball be a few inch away from it . a piece of cake , for a adult . rudy look deeply unconfident . he get up and try to line up the eight - ball . Terry be right next to he . terry just make sure to hit it really gentle . but firm . and hit it a little low so you get some backspin . do not even hit it . just kiss it . a long moment . rudy what do you mean , kiss it ? terry I mean tap it . firm but very , very softly . and do not shoot until you know it 's go in . ok ? rudy ok . everyone be relatively quiet . rudy take a few practice stroke and then hit the cue ball , straight , but too softly . it crawl toward the eight and tap it toward the corner , slower and slower , hang there , and drop . a general " heyyy ! " goe up and everyone clap and cheer . Terry grab rudy . rudy smile , ecstatic . terry that be great ! at the bar : darryl the sheriff , in he civvy , drink a pint of beer , notice rudy and Terry . at the pool table : Terry pick rudy up and turn he upside down . rudy laugh . ext . sammy' house . night the house be dark . Terry and rudy be walk from the car to the house . rudy we cream that guy ! we cream they ! terry ( stop suddenly ) ssh ...! do not move . they listen . a car be coming . terry it 's they ! they break for the door , Terry fumble for he key . he get the door open . terry go! go! go! he and rudy run inside the house . the light go on . bob' car pull into the driveway . int . the house -- front door . simultaneous rudy run up the stair . terry wait a minute , gimme you jacket ! rudy try to take he jacket off fast but get he arm catch in the sleeve . he try to shake it off . terry what be you do ? rudy I can not get my sleeve out ...! they hear Bob 's car door slam . Terry make a comic panicked face and leap up the stair two at a time . outside the house : sammy wave to Bob . Bob wave back as he drive off . sammy go to the front door , open it : Terry and rudy be in a giggly tangle panicked heap at the top of the stair , shaking rudy 's arm and sleeve , frantically try to get the jacket off . sammy come in . they freeze . sammy what be go on in here ? terry um -- we be just out do some star-gazing , and , uh , rudy lose track of the time . which I totally warn he about . ( to rudy ) you be a bad kid . int . bathroom . later rudy be brush he tooth . Terry poke he head in . terry ( in a low voice ) hey : I think it 's ok . just do not tell she where we go , ' cause she will be really mad at I . ok ? rudy I will not . terry ( suddenly dark ) hey -- I be not kid , rudy . rudy I will not ! Terry give he a " you better not " look , then leave . rudy continue brush he tooth . int . rudy's room . night sammy be tucking rudy in , stroking he hair . sammy do you know my mommy use to take I and uncle Terry out at night to look at the constellation ? rudy yeah . sammy do you see that one , what 's the one -- it look like a big " W " ? cassiopeia ? rudy yeah . int . hall . night sammy come out of rudy 's room , smile . it 's dark . she see a light on under terry's door . she walk toward it and step into the trench , fall down violently . sammy ow ! shit ! int . bathroom . night Terry be put a butterfly Band - Aid on sammy 's wound . it 's a nasty , bloody gash , just shy of need stitches . sammy I have get a great idea . why do not you let I call the plumber ? terry do whatever you want . sammy oh , do that make you mad ? terry no ... int . sammy' room . night rain patter on the roof as sammy limp back and forth across the room change into she nightgown . ext . terry's window . night Terry be smoking pot with he head and shoulder stick outside the window . rain fall on he head . dissolve to : ext . bank . morning early morning . the rain be still fall . only a few car be in the employee parking lot yet . int . bank -- brian office . day the rain run down Brian 's office window . brian , in a wet raincoat , turn on he light . a moment later : Brian turn on he PC . the screen light up . the color be a garish GREEN and orange . CUT to : later : sammy and brian be both on they foot . the door be close . sammy Brian , get off my ass ! brian Excuse I ? sammy I do not change the color on you stupid computer screen . brian well , that 's all you gotta say ! sammy ( on " that 's " ) there be nothing wrong with the work I do here . I have be do just fine , the whole time before you come here -- and if you think that riding people in this petty , ridiculous way be the way to improve service in this bank or anywhere else I think you be out of you mind ! pause . brian I do not say there be . could I please -- could I please -- May I respond ? sammy no , that 's really all I have to -- brian May I respond ? ( beat ) first of all , I do not appreciate be speak to with that kind of language . that 's not the way I talk to you , and I would appreciate it if you would not talk that way to I -- sammy well -- brian second of all , if you say you do not change the color on my computer screen , then of course I accept you answer . but you and I be gonna have to find a way to work together -- sammy Brian -- brian but that 's not gonna happen with the attitude , it 's not gonna happen with the lateness , it 's not gonna happen by fight I every step of the way -- ok , well not you , you be not late , but too much of that stuff go on around here -- sammy I be not late and I do not have a attitude -- well then do not tell I I be late if I be not late ! brian I would really like to finish ! outside brian office : the whole staff be listen to the muffle raise voice from inside the office . mabel especially be listen guiltily . ext . MAIN STREET . day the rain fall on Main Street . ext . orrine backyard . day the rain come down hard on orrin 's construction project . tarps cover everything . no work today . ext . MAIN STREET -- lunch place . day the rain come down on the sheriff , look through the restaurant window at sammy , eat lunch alone at the counter . he go inside , shake the rain off himself and go over to she . they start talk . we hear : sammy they be where ? int . sammy' house -- live room . day the rain on the roof make a sleepy , pleasant country sound . terry be lie on the sofa , smoking a joint , watch tv , in a funk . o.c. we loud banging on the pipe . later : a young plumber , about Terry 's age , come thumping down the stair and go into the live room , carry he toolbox . Terry look up at he . plumber ok , you be all set . Terry glare at he . the plumber turn and go out . ext . bus stop . day rudy be waiting in a doorway for Terry . he be wet and cold . the rain pour down . int . bank . day Brian be show he wife , nancy , the bank . he be very solicitous of she , nervously introduce she to the employee , who be not respond very warmly . Nancy be not in a warm mood either ; she 's very testy with Brian . brian this be Chuck . Chuck , this be my wife , Nancy . chuck hello . nancy Nice to meet you . brian this be mabel ... mabel hi. nancy Nice to meet you . sammy , at she desk , watch Brian and Nancy make they progress through the bank . nobody be be very friendly , and Brian suddenly seem awkward and vulnerable . Brian and Nancy reach sammy 's desk . brian this be sammy , we lend officer . sammy , this be my wife , Nancy . sammy ( friendly ) hi . it 's nice to meet you . nancy Brian -- I gotta sit down . brian sure -- let 's go in my office . he glance nervously at sammy as he lead Nancy away from she desk and toward he office . he murmur something to Nancy , who respond in a low but very testy voice : nancy I be fine ...! she roughly pull she arm away from he . sammy watch they go into he office . ext . MAIN STREET . day rudy trudge resolutely through the pour rain toward the center of town . he be completely drench . int . brian office . day sammy knock on Brian 's open door . sammy Brian ...? brian yeah . rudy ( o.c. ) Mom ! sammy see to she leave , down the hallway -- sammy rudy ! rudy be at the end of the hall , drench and shiver , but cheerful . ext . employee parking lot . day rudy be in the car , somewhat dry off , wait . sammy and Terry stand in the employee entrance doorway . sammy look , I be glad you guy be get along so well -- like , you have no idea -- but if I can not rely on you to remember to get he once a day ... terry you can ! sammy -- and what be you do take he to play pool in the middle of the night , and then tell he to lie to I about it ? pause . terry I do not know . int . / ext . sammy' car / carol' driveway . day Terry and rudy pull up in front of the driveway . Terry be in a silent rage . the rain have let up . terry get out of the car . rudy what be we do ? terry you be go to Carol 's house and I be go home . rudy why can not I come with you ? terry because if you be such a baby you gotta tell you mommy about we playin ' pool when I totally ask you not to , and I gotta listen to she shit all day , then you be goin ' to the baby - sitter 's so you can stay at the baby house . rudy but I do not tell she ! terry you know what ? do not even fuckin ' talk to I . rudy I do not ! terry just get out of the car . he lean over rudy roughly and push open the door . rudy get out of the car and march down the long driveway . he burst into tear . Terry watch he go , then drive off . int . bank -- hall . a few moment later sammy walk through the empty bank hall and into Brian 's office . Brian be at he desk . brian you be work late . sammy how do you wife like the bank ? brian oh , fine . she be not feel so great . sammy that 's too bad . brian no -- I do not mean -- she 's not ill . she 's just ... I do not know ... sammy pregnant ? brian that 's it . she 's pregnant . sammy it can make you kind of cranky . brian yeah ... pause . brian listen , I be sorry we have be step on each other 's toe -- I -- I be not actually that bad a guy -- sammy yeah , I be too ... I know you be not , Brian , but you be drive everybody crazy . brian well , I -- I be just try to do my best here -- and I be gettin ' it from all side . sammy I know you be ... brian anyway ... we will work it out ... sammy well ... I could use a beer . brian I could use a tranquilizer . int . pub . night Brian and sammy sit at a table in the corner of the dimly light pub . it 's a medium noisy place with various local drink beer and eat hamburger and chicken dinner . sammy last I hear , rudy 's dad be live over in auburn . but that be last year . brian must be so tough raise a kid on you own ... although I be beginning to get the idea my wife would not mind a crack at it . sammy oh ... it 's just the hormone . brian well , no , it be not . but never mind . the waitress bring they two boilermaker . sammy and brian thanks . she leave . sammy and Brian pick up they shot . brian well , here 's to improve employee - management relation . sammy amen . they click shot glass and drink . sammy you can not judge all of scottsville by the people in that bank , believe I . brian well -- let 's -- let 's not talk about the bank . sammy ok . brian let 's just forget about the bank for tonight . sammy good idea . they sip they drink , smile . sammy look at he appraisingly . int . / ext . brian car / wooded road . night sammy and Brian be make out in the front seat of he car . this go on for a while , get heavier and heavier . brian sammy ? sammy yeah ? brian I want you to tell I who change the color on my computer screen . sammy I will never tell . they start kissing again in the cramped space . Brian bang he head . they laugh . ext . outside the car . continuous we pull back and away from the car . the sodden tree spout faucet of water down on the car . int . kitchen . night the kitchen be dark . sammy come in , she hair a little wet , and turn on the light . she go to the telephone . there 's a note in Terry 's handwrite : " bob call . " terry ( o.c. ) where be you ? sammy jump , startle . Terry be in the kitchen doorway . sammy nowhere . I have dinner with my boss . terry kind of a late dinner , be not it ? sammy yeah . how be rudy ? terry Fine . sammy do the plumber come ? terry yes , the fuck plumber come . sammy Terry -- give I a break !!! pause . terry what 's the matter with you ? sammy nothing . I be just tired . terry you want to smoke some pot ? sammy no I do not . why , you get some ? ext . porch . night sammy and Terry stand side by side on the porch , pass a joint back and forth . it have stop raining but the tree and roof be still drip . the cricket be chirp loudly . sammy so ... Bob ask I to marry he . terry wow. ( pause ) be you go to ? sammy I do not know . if he would have ask I this time last year I would have probably say yes . but the minute he say it , I do not know , I feel like somebody be try to strangle I . terry well ... bad sign . sammy I know . ( pause ) plus , Terry ... ( whisper ) I fuck my boss ...! terry what ? sammy I know ! and he wife be six month pregnant . terry Jesus Christ , sammy ...! sammy I know , I know . he pass she the joint . she decline . he puff away . the water drip off the porch and the cricket chirp . she put she head on he shoulder . he put one arm around she and puff away with the joint in he free hand . sammy Terry , I be sorry I get so mad before . I just do not want he , you know -- terrify of " tell , " if there 's -- terry uh , well , that 's not really he problem , sammy . sammy straighten up . sammy oh really ? what 's he problem ? terry his problem be that he 's like totally shelter because you treat he like he 's three , instead of eight , so that 's how he behave . sammy oh yeah ? and how do you think he should behave ? terry I think he should not have to run and tell he mommy every time he do something she might not like , for one thing . sammy uh huh . and what do you -- terry ( on " and " ) I mean I take he to play pool ! it be a little clandestine thing we do for fun ! it be not like a big secret , I mean who care ? I be actually try to be nice to he . but he 's so freak out that he disobey you order that he have to fuckin ' squeal on I and I have to listen to you fuckin ' shit all day when I do not even fuckin ' do anything ! sammy first of all , he do not tell I anything : darryl do . ok ? second of all , I do not really give a shit if you take he to play pool : I be mad at you because you leave he stand at the bus stop in the rain . but no , I do not want you tell he not to squeal , because I do not want he put in that position ! terry ( lose ground ) well ... that ... be a perfect example of what I be talk about . sammy you be in idiot . they stand apart now . silence . terry darryl tell you ? sammy yes ! they stand there . the rain gutter drip . int . bank . morning sammy , coat on , arrive at she desk and put she purse down . there 's a note on she chair . " sammy -- please see I . " int . bank -- hallway . a moment later tracking sammy , coat off , carry a stack of folder , as she walk from she desk , around the corner , down the hall , past a couple of employee and to brian OPEN door . she tap on it . Brian be at he desk . sammy Morning . brian yeah , good morning . could you get the door ? outside the office : sammy shut the door . mabel and doris , stand near the door , look at each other : i.e. , sammy 's in trouble again . inside the office : sammy stand by the close door . Brian come out around he desk . sammy listen -- I just -- Brian kiss she . she drop she folder and they make out against the door . outside the office : the employee click away at they pcs . mabel exchange a quiet word with Chuck . inside the office : Brian have sammy press against the wall with she skirt hike up and be try to get both of they underwear out of the way . it 's not so easy in they office clothes . sammy tear away . sammy Brian , that 's enough . brian fall back , breathless . brian ok . sorry . he lunge at she again . they kiss some more . outside the office . a moment later : sammy come out of the office , more or less compose , carry she folder . she head down the hall past the other employee , include mabel , and surreptitiously readjust she scrunch - up underwear . int . dawson 's. day sammy and Bob sit at lunch . sammy be pick at she food . bob you be awfully quiet . sammy I be sorry . bob um ... have you think at all about what I say ? sammy of course I have be think about it . bob so ... any decision ? or -- do you still want to think about it some more ...? sammy well -- I mean -- I do not know , Bob . I mean , we have not exactly be go steady the last few month , if you know what I mean -- bob yeah , no , I know -- sammy -- and then we see each other twice and you suddenly say you want to get marry ? I mean ... bob no , you be right , you be right -- sammy what be you talk about ? pause . bob I do not know ... I ... maybe this be ... last year I sort of think you be possibly interested in that ... idea ... but I be the one who , you know , be not " ready " at that point -- so that 's why I think thing kind of slowed down with we ... sammy do not make I feel bad for you . bob ( bristle ) I do not want you to feel bad for I . int . live room . night sammy , Terry and rudy be all watch tv . sammy and rudy be in pajamas . nobody 's happy and nobody 's talk . the phone ring . sammy go to it and pick up , surprised because of the hour . sammy ( into phone ) hello ? brian ( on phone ) it 's Brian . sammy turn away and lower she voice so Terry and rudy will not overhear she . sammy Brian . where be you ? ext . gas station . simultaneous Brian be on the pay phone outside a gas station . brian I be buy milk . I just think I would say hello . we CUT between they . sammy do not say anything . brian look , I know it 's probably too late , but be there any way you can come out for a little while ? sammy Brian , I think you be go crazy . brian I know I be . can you meet I ? sammy um , ok . int . live room . night sammy come down the stair , fully dress , into the live room , where Terry and rudy be still watch tv . sammy um -- I have to go out for a minute . do you want anything ? terry like what ? sammy I do not know . rudy where be you go ? terry yeah , where be you go ? sammy I just have to go out for a little while . rudy where ? terry yeah , where ? sammy I just have to go to mabel 's house . rudy why ? sammy you know what , rudy ? it 's personal . this be a personal matter that have to do with mabel . I just have to go see she for a little while . Terry give sammy a look like , " you have get to be kid . " sammy try to shush he with a conspiratorial look back . she go out . later . Terry and rudy sit in front of the tv , alone . terry listen . listen . I be sorry I say you squeale on I . I be totally out of line , and I really owe you a apology . ( pause ) do you hear what I say ? rudy ( stare at the tv ) I do not care . int . sammy' car ( moving ) . night sammy drive , listen to music . she shake she head at herself . ext . motel . night sammy 's car and Brian 's car be park side by side outside a roadside motel . int . motel room . night in the motel room , sammy and Brian , half - clothed , make love rather hurriedly on top of the unmade creaky bed . ext . motel . night outside the motel , sammy and Brian get into they respective car and start they motor . int . sammy' car ( moving ) . night sammy drive in the other direction . she break into a smile , and then she laugh . then she stop . int . sammy' bedroom . night sammy lie awake plague by guilty feeling . ext . church -- rectory . day sammy head toward the little white church building . int . church -- rectory -- office . day ron the minister and sammy drink coffee in silence . ron ( gently ) what 's on you mind , sammy ? sammy well , a lot . but principally ... I be just wonder if you have a opinion . if you know someone , in you family , or just someone you really care about , and they just can not seem to get ahold of themselves ... ext . MAIN STREET . day the SUN shine on Main Street . int . sporting good store . day rudy watch wide -ey as Terry place on the sale counter two rod and reel , a bunch of lure , two fishing hat , a box of swivel , a knife and a fish scaler . terry you know who this be for ? rudy me! terry that 's right , my little friend . ( to the saleslady ) hello . we be go fishing . int . sammy' house -- kitchen . day sammy , Terry and rudy be all put away the grocery . everybody seem to be get along . rudy I get a new rod and reel , five lure , I get a hat , I get a knife and I get a fish scaler . sammy that 's great , honey . o.c. , the doorbell ring . sammy start to move toward the door , but Terry be closer . terry I will get it . sammy watch he go . int . / ext . front door . day Terry open the door . it 's ron , the minister , in he civvy . ext . front yard . day rudy be play basketball by himself . int . sammy' house -- live room . day Terry , sammy and ron sit in the live room . sammy and ron be drink coffee . through the window we see occasional glimpsis of rudy play basketball in the backyard . there be a heavy silence in the room . terry well ... I be not really sure why you be here , ron . I mean , I realize I have not exactly be a model citizen since I get here , but compare to how thing have be goin ' for I lately , I think I be do pretty well . he turn to sammy . terry and I also find it kind of discouraging that you seem to think I need some kind of spiritual counseling or what have you , so much so that you be willing to disregard the fact that I do not believe in any of this stuff at all -- sammy well ... I do not mean to discourage you -- terry I mean it 's really kind of insulting . ron can I say something here ? ( pause ) sammy ask I to come and talk to you , because it 's she opinion that you be not gonna find what you be look for the way you be look for it -- terry how would she know ? ron but I be really not here to try to get you to do anything , or to believe anything . and I will tell you the same thing I tell she , which be that as far as I be concerned the only way she can help you be by she example -- by try to be a model for you , by the way she life she life ... Terry smile . ron and that do not mean she 's suppose to be a saint , either , if that 's what you be smile about . terry I do not realize I be smile . a moment . ron you know , Terry , a lot of people come to see I with all kind of problem . drug , alcohol , marital problem , sexual problem , health problem -- terry great job you get . ron well ... I like it . because even in this little town , I feel like what I do be very connect with the real center of people 's life . I be not say I be always Mr. effective , but I do not feel like my life be off to the side of what 's important . you know ? I do not feel my happiness and comfort be base on close my eye to trouble within myself or trouble in other people . I do not feel like a negligible little scrap , float around in some kind of empty void , with no sense of connectedness to anything around I except by virtue of whatever little philosophy I can scrape together on my own ... terry well -- ron can I ask you , Terry : do you think you life be important ? terry you mean -- like , I personally , my individual life ? ron yeah . terry well ... I be not sure -- what do you mean ? it 's important to I . I guess . and like , to my , you know , the people who care about I ... ron but do you think it 's important ? terry I -- ron do you think it 's important in the scheme of thing ? not just because it 's yours , or because you be somebody 's brother . because I do not really get the impression that you do . terry well , I do not think ... I do not particularly think anybody 's life have any particular importance besides whatever -- you know -- whatever we arbitrarily give it . which be fine . I mean we might as well ... I think I be as important as anybody else ... silence . terry I do not know : a lot of what you be say have a real appeal to I , ron . a lot of the stuff they tell we when we be kid ... but I do not want to believe something or not believe it because I might feel bad . I want to believe it because I think it 's true or not ... I would like to think that my life be important ... or that it 's connect to something important ... ron well , be not there any way for you to believe that without call it God , or religion , or whatever term it be you object to ? terry yes . I believe that . int . dine room . night sammy , Terry and rudy be all eat dinner . Terry be drink a beer . his mood be dark . terry so sammy , what example will you be set for we tonight ? sammy do not answer . int . live room . night Terry , sammy and rudy be watch tv . Terry have another beer . rudy what time be we get up to go fishing ? terry we be not go fishing . sammy what do you mean ? rudy why not ? terry I think you should go fishing with Father ron . rudy I do not want to go fishing with Father ron . terry well , I be not takin ' you . sammy start to say something to Terry , stop herself . sammy I will take you , sweetie . rudy do not answer . int . hallway . night sammy and Terry be in the hallway . sammy hold a stack of fold sheet . sammy I realize that you be mad at I -- terry ( deadpan ) I be not mad at you ... sammy -- but he do not do anything to you . and you can not promise a little boy that you be gonna -- terry ( on " boy " ) ... I just , you know , after all that religious conversation , I just realize it 's probably not so good for he to be spend so much time with someone like I who do not believe he life be important in the scheme of thing -- sammy would you please ... terry I be serious . sammy ( practically choke ) listen . ( pause ) I be sure , if you put you mind to it , you can think of some other way of get back at I besides this . so would you please just give it some think , and take he fishing tomorrow ? terry I would , sammy , I just do not think it would be good for he . pause . sammy you suck . she throw the sheet at he and storm away . Terry walk through the live room and out the front door , slamming it behind he . int . sammy' room . night sammy sit by the phone in she bathrobe . she pick it up and dial . intercut : brian live room . nancy , watch tv on the sofa with Brian , pick up the ringing phone . nancy ( into the phone ) hello ? sammy hang up . she get up , walk around , sit down again . pick up the phone and dial . it ring . intercut : bob' kitchenette . Bob , make a sandwich for himself , pick up the phone . bob ( into the phone ) hello ? sammy hang up . pause . she sweep the telephone and answering machine off the nightstand . pause . she calm down and put they back . the ancient answer machine be clicking convulsively . she whack it and it stop . ext . church . day the congregation be come out of the church and milling around at the step . sammy , with rudy at she side , be say good - bye to some neighbor . she watch pregnant nancy and brian go down the step . Pov sammy : Beyond Brian and Nancy , terry pull up at the curb in she car . he rummages around and produce fishing rod which he wave , somewhat sheepishly . reverse : at top speed , rudy run away from sammy and the church , toward Terry and the car . Terry and sammy exchange a look from the distance . ext . rectory . day service be over . everyone have go home . int . ron' office . later sammy sit with ron . sammy anyway ... I do not know what the church 's position be on adultery and fornication this day , but I feel really hypocritical not say anything to you about it before , so ... what be the official position on that stuff this day ? ron well ... it 's a sin . sammy good : I think it should be . ron ... but we do not tend to focus on that aspect of it , right off the bat -- sammy why not ? ron well -- sammy I think you should . ron well -- sammy maybe it be better when you come in and they scream at you for have sex with you marry boss , and be really mean to you , and tell you what a terrible thing it be . maybe it would be better if you tell I how I be endangering my immortal soul , and if I do not quit I be go to burn in hell . do not you ever think that ? ron um ... no . sammy well , it 's a lot better than all this " why do you think you be in this situation " psychological bullshit you hear all the time . ron well ... why do you think you be in this situation ? sammy with which one ? ron all of they . pause . sammy I feel sorry for they . ( pause ) be not that ridiculous ? ron shrug : i.e. , " not necessarily . " ext . stream -- bridge . day Terry and rudy be side by side on a small footbridge over a wide run stream , fishing . the sunlight slant through the canopy of tree ; the bird be chatter ; it 's gorgeous and peaceful . rudy I have never be so bored in my life . terry yeah ... we really shoulda be out here around seven or eight a.m. rudy what time be it now ? terry two-thirty . silence . the bird sing . rudy be my father a good fisherman ? terry yeah , you father be good at all that stuff . he know everything about the wood , everything about fishing , everything about hunt and everything about car . if he be not such a pain in the ass he would have be a lot of fun to be around . rudy maybe he 's nicer now . terry I doubt it . rudy well , I think he be . terry how would you know ? do you ever meet he ? rudy no . terry be you ever curious to meet he ? rudy I guess so . terry well , he do not live very far from here . rudy I think he live in Alaska . terry no -- I live in Alaska . you dad life in auburn . Far as I know . ( pause ) we could look he up in the phone book . wanna try ? rudy all right . terry ok -- but -- I be sure I do not have to say this , but I be not kid , man : do not -- tell -- you -- mother . int . bob' apartment . day bob be stand by he kitchenette , extremely nervous . sammy sit on he sofa . bob do you want to go for a walk , or a drive ? it 's really nice out . sammy no. I be not gonna stay long . Bob , I do not want to get marry . pause . bob ok . sammy I have really think about it a lot , and if you have ask I last year I be sure I would have say yes . bob oh . thank you . sammy but I be not sure it would have be a good idea then either . I be go through a really hard time right now and I just think that get engage to you or anyone would be just about the stupidest most self - destructive thing I could possibly do . bob ok . sammy and I really think you have to grow up . bob well , how about we fix up my personality some other time ? sammy ok . ( pause ) I really hope we can still be friend . bob ( quietly sarcastic ) oh , yes , I too . she look at he miserably . sammy Bob ... this be so crazy ... I mean ... I do not even understand why you ... I do not even get it . bob what do you want I to say ? everything you say about I be true , sammy . I be just a big chickenshit jerk , and now I be payin ' the price . sammy Bob ...! she go over to he . he get up . bob what ? sammy well -- I do not know ... bob I do not know . sammy , I love you . I wish I could say it in a more interesting way . I just -- I love you . sammy well -- I mean -- I love you too -- he put he arm around she and kiss she . she respond very warmly . just as thing be heating up , she suddenly remember something and jolt away . sammy oh shit . bob what 's the matter ? sammy I gotta go . I be sorry -- bob where do you have to go ? sammy ( off the top of she head ) I be suppose to -- I gotta get mabel back she car . bob well ... I do not understand . how be we leave thing ? sammy oh God , I do not know . call I later . int . motel . day Brian sit on the edge of one of the bed watch some daytime Sunday show on the motel tv . there be a knock at the door . he get up , turn off the tv and open the door . it 's sammy . sammy sorry I be so late . brian yeah , I be just about to give up on you . sammy well -- maybe it would have be better if you have ... she come into the room and start walk around briskly and nervously . sammy I mean -- look , I do not mean to be unsympathetic about you domestic situation , whatever it be , but I be just beginning to think that if people try a little harder to stick to they commitment and start take a little responsibility for they action , they might end up have a lot less trouble generally . that 's all . brian hey , that 's what I have be try to tell you guy at the bank . sammy well , I really do not think I can do this anymore . brian ok . int . motel room . later Brian and sammy lie under the starchy sheet . Brian 's eye be shut . sammy be very upset with herself . sammy this be incredible . brian mmmm . sammy that be not what I mean . int . sammy' car ( moving ) . day Terry and rudy drive along . Terry look down at rudy and smile . rudy be tense and will not look at he . over terry and rudy's shoulder as Terry drive slowly past dilapidate little house in a very depressed residential area . Terry be scan the house number . rudy maybe we should call first . terry well -- we be right here . he pull up outside a small , plain , run-down ranch - style house with a lot of junk out front , and get out of the car . rudy stay in . terry come on . rudy get out of the car and come around . Terry wait for he , and then they walk up to the front door . the buzzer say " kolinski . " terry there he be . rudy his last name be kolinski ? terry yeah . Ring the bell . rudy push the doorbell . they wait . there 's some noise inside and some voice . the sound of walking . the door open . janie , a tired - look young woman around Terry 's age , open the door . janie yes ? terry hi . we be look for rudy ? janie who should I say be call ? terry a old friend . rudy sr . ( o.c . ) who be it ? janie he say a old friend ! rudy sr . ( o.c. ) how old be he ? rudy sr. appear behind janie . he 's around thirty , wiry , dress in jeans and a old shirt . he do not look good . he recognize Terry . rudy sr . hey ! terry hey , rudy . rudy sr. see rudy , who be look up at he . his face fall . rudy sr . hey . rudy do not answer . terry ( to janie ) hi , I be Terry . janie hello . terry and this be rudy . janie you do not say . terry rudy , meet rudy . rudy sr. look away , shaking he head . janie move away from the door . janie I will just be in the kitchen . terry Nice to meet you . janie go into the kitchen . rudy sr. watch she go . terry ok if we come in for a minute ? rudy sr . what the hell be you doin ' ? terry what do you mean what be I doin ' -- rudy sr. start walk toward Terry to make he go back out the door . rudy sr . could you step away from the door please ? terry well we just wanna -- rudy sr . could you step away from the door please ? terry all right , all right . they all go outside . rudy sr. pull the door close behind he . rudy sr . what be you doin ' here ? terry I just want the kid to see you -- rudy sr . well , now he see I . ( he look at rudy ) now you see I . ok ? ( to Terry ) now would you mind ? terry man , you be really -- rudy sr . look : I be tryin ' to be polite . so would you just take off ? it 's ok : just take off . terry I just wanna -- rudy sr . do you know what you be doin ' ? just get outta here ! terry you know what , man ? you be still a fuckin ' asshole . rudy sr . I be a asshole ? get outta here ! rudy sr. shove Terry . Terry belt he , and suddenly they be throw wild punch at each other . rudy go sprawling in the dirt . Terry knock rudy sr. down and start pummel he brutally . janie come out of the house and jump on he back , try to pull he off . janie get you fuckin ' hand off he ...! Terry throw janie off he , grab rudy sr. again and resume beat he up . janie jump back on top of he . two neighbor run toward the melee to break it up . CUT to : a few moment later : the cop have arrive . the 1st cop be talk to rudy and janie . the 2nd cop be talk to Terry . rudy sr. 's face look puffy and beat up . a 3rd cop stand apart with rudy , who be watch the whole thing . we CUT rapidly and jerkily through this section : 1st cop and you be not the boy 's legal guardian ? rudy sr . I do not even know if that 's my kid ! janie they just show up ! we never see they before ... rudy sr . I use to know he sister -- terry I just come down here to talk to the guy and all of a sudden he start shovin ' I ! 2 nd cop listen up . listen up . you be gonna have to step back and just calm down -- terry ( to rudy sr . ) you be a lyin ' fuckin ' piece of shit . 2 nd cop ( to terry ) you be gonna have to step back . janie we have a right to protect ourselves . what else do you need to know ? a moment later : the 2nd cop put handcuffs on Terry . rudy watch . 2 nd cop now give I you right hand ... terry this be such bullshit . he start the whole thing and you be arrest I ? 2 nd cop listen up . now -- listen up ! stop talkin ' . Terry , stop talkin ' . CUT to : a moment later : as the 3rd cop walk rudy to one cop car , rudy watch the 2nd cop guide the handcuffed terry into the other car . rudy get in the back of the car and look out at rudy sr. and janie talk to the 1st cop . rudy sr. be look at he over the 1st cop 's shoulder . 2 nd cop -- idea where we might be able to contact he mother ? rudy sr . no , because he 's not my goddamn kid . the cop car ' door slam first on Terry and then on rudy . int . motel room . night the room be dark . sammy and Brian be asleep , half under the cover . sammy wake with a start . sammy what time be it ? brian ( startle awake ) what 's the matter ? sammy look at the clock radio . 9:20 . sammy oh my gosh . a few moment later : sammy and Brian be on opposite side of the bed , get dress . brian hey , you know , Nancy 's gonna be go for the rest of the week ... sammy you know ... Brian ... brian yeah ? sammy well , I do not want to ... I mean , could not we just ... I mean , could we give it a rest ? pause . brian um -- yeah . sure . if you want to . sammy I mean ... I just think ... I do not know : we have a great little fling . you know ? let 's not push it . ( pause ) I mean , be that ok ? I just -- brian yeah . sure. ok . you be right . pause . sammy so be we still friend ? brian ( nod tersely ) mm hm . sure . sammy all right . good ...! ext . sammy' house . night the cricket be chatter . the phone be ringing inside the house . int . sammy' bedroom . simultaneous the phone be ringing on the nightstand . the batter answer machine click convulsively but do not pick up . int . sammy' kitchen . night sammy be on the phone in she bathrobe . sammy around two o'clock this afternoon ... yeah , a ninety three Toyota tercel . New York plate v127ac ... please . int . sammy' house -- front door . night sammy , dress now , open the door for bob . she be very anxious . sammy thanks for come over . I just want to have a car handy just in case . bob no problem . int . kitchen . night sammy be on the phone . Bob sit at the table . sammy ( into the phone ) well -- what about other town ?... yes ! yes ! I call the highway patrol four time ... well what be I suppose to do all night ? int . sammy' live room . later sammy and Bob sit silently in the live room , wait . she be smoking . the clock read 12:40 . sammy be go crazy with anxiety . ext . sammy' house . morning the phone ring inside the house as the early morning sun slant through the tree around the house . int . live room . simultaneous the ringing phone wake bob , on the sofa in he clothes -- int . sammy' bedroom . simultaneous -- and sammy , half asleep on top of she bed , also in she clothes . she grab the phone . sammy ( into phone ) hello ? int . bob' car ( moving ) . day Bob drive sammy along the highway . she stare out the window . she turn and watch Bob drive for a long moment . int . bank . day Brian walk through the morning bank activity and stop at mabel 's desk . brian anyone hear from sammy this morning ? mabel I do not . brian uh huh . well , if anyone ever hear from she ever again , will you let I know ? mabel yes . ext . auburn police station . day on the step of the police station , sammy , rudy and Bob wait as sheriff darryl shake hand with the auburn sheriff . the auburn sheriff go inside . darryl come over to sammy . sheriff it 's gonna be all right ... we get on the phone and talk to rudy sr. a little bit and he 's calm down , just want to forget about the whole thing ... sammy darryl , I really appreciate this ... the sheriff nod , but he 's not thrilled to be here . int . sammy' live room . dusk the phone be ringing . sammy come in the front door , Terry and rudy behind she . she snap on the light , hurry to the phone and pick up . behind she , rudy go upstairs and Terry plunk down on the sofa and turn on the tv . sammy hello ? intercut with brian , at the bank . brian yeah , it 's Brian . sammy Brian -- brian what the hell happen to you today , lady ? sammy be about to answer , but she just hang up instead . brian be stunne into sheer gape fury . feverishly he hang up and dial again . it ring . sammy pick up . sammy hello ? brian you be fire ! sammy good ! she hang up again . int . rudy's room . night sammy be tucking rudy into bed . sammy rudy ? rudy yeah ? sammy be there anything you want to ask I , about you father ? rudy oh , that be not my father . sammy what ? rudy that be not he . I hear he tell the cop . sammy no -- rudy -- that be he . but that be he . I wish it be not , but it be . rudy ( very quiet ) no it be not . sammy rudy . yes it be . you father 's name be rudy kolinski . he life in auburn ... int . hallway . night sammy come out of rudy 's room , shutting the door softly . we hear the tv go downstairs . she stand at the top of the stair for a moment . int . live room . night Terry be watch tv on the sofa with he foot up on the coffee table . sammy come down the stair and into the live room . he keep watch tv . she do not sit . she be tremble . sammy could you turn that off for a minute please ? he turn off the tv . terry you do not have to say anything , sammy . sammy I want you to leave . Terry look at she . terry what do you mean ? sammy I mean I do not think you should live here anymore . I do not think you know how to behave around a eight - year - old and I do not know how to make you stop , so I think you should not live here . I do not know what else to say . terry I do not know how to behave around a eight - year-old ? sammy that 's right -- terry I think you do not know how to behave around a eight - year-old . sammy be you out of you mind !?! silence . sammy now you just listen to I . I may not be the great mother in the world , but I be do the best I know how . and he do not need you to rub he face in shit because you think it 's good for he . he 's go to find out the world be a horrible place and that people suck soon enough , and without any help from you . believe I ! sammy try to get ahold of herself . her voice be shaking . sammy I think you should get you own place . I think , if you want , you could -- I will be glad to help you out financially -- terry what do you mean , get my own place ? sammy I mean I -- terry you mean in scottsville ? sammy yes . terry why would I do that ? why do not I just leave , period ? sammy ( quietly ) well ... if that 's what you want to do , that 's fine . but that 's not what I be say . you be a very important person to rudy , and you be the most important person to I . but I be say that I can not take any more of this -- terry well -- sammy -- I think -- maybe you could sell you half of the house to I , and I could pay you whatever it be over a certain amount of time , and that way -- terry no , you know what ? I will just go . he turn the tv back on . sammy ( very quietly ) well -- that 's not what I be say . Terry shrug and watch tv . int . terry's room . night Terry be pack he bag . rudy be watch . rudy where be you go ? terry I do not know . I just want to get out of this town . and if you have get any sense when you get old enough you will get out of here too . you Mom 's gonna live in this town for the rest of she life , and you know why ? because she think she have to . do not ask I why , but that 's the truth . she think there 's all this thing she have to do , but you want to know one thing about you Mom ? she 's a bigger fuck - up than I ever be . I mean , I know I mess up . you think I enjoy get throw in jail because I want you to face that prick you dad like a little man and see what kind of a guy he be ? I know I get a little carry away , and I lose my temper just a little bit -- which be not the end of the world either , by the way , just for future reference -- and now she 's kickin ' I out of my own house because -- you know , because I fuck up a little bit . which I totally admit . I be like -- totally ready to admit that . he be finish stuff he clothes into he backpack . rudy I could go with you . terry well , thanks , man . but I , uh , I can not really take care of you . int . live room . night sammy be flipping channel on the tv . the doorbell ring . she be surprised . she get up . Terry come thunder down the stair , carry he backpack . sammy be that for you ? terry yeah , I be just gonna stay at Ray 's till I take off . sammy you do not have to do that . terry yeah . well , that 's what I wanna do , so -- sammy well but -- be you gonna come back to say good - bye ? terry no -- I be just gonna take off . I will see you later . sammy well -- Terry open the door . ray be there . Terry close the door behind he . sammy listen to the pickup truck drive off . the sound fade . int . ray' house . night Terry be bunk down on Ray 's horrible sofa . in the b.g. , there be a light on in the bedroom . Terry fluff he pillow and shut he eye . ext . sammy' house . day dress for work and school , sammy and rudy walk to the car . sammy look . I know you be upset about uncle Terry leave , and so be I . but he 's just not in control of himself , and I do not want he hurt you feeling anymore -- or mine . and you may not like it , but that 's how it 's gotta be . ok ? rudy I do not care . sammy you do not care . I do not care either . int . brian office . day sammy sit in front of Brian 's desk . brian well ... I be sorry you be havin ' all this trouble ... sammy thank you . brian but you make a pretty good speech to I yesterday about people stick to they commitment ... sammy yeah ...? brian well ... you make a commitment to this bank , sammy . to this job . sammy I know I would -- brian and to work thing out with this tough new son of a bitch boss of yours . and whatever might have pass between we after hour do not mean you just walk away from that commitment -- yeah , even when you have a legitimate family emergency . sammy I be really sorry I do not -- brian which be why I think in the calm cold light of day , we should both think real hard about whether or not you really want to continue on here at merchant National trust . sammy you be not serious . brian ... you be not happy , I be not happy , it 's not good for you and it sure as heck be not good for the bank . pause . sammy you know you be the worst manager we have ever have ? brian come on , sammy ... sammy by far the worst . brian ... I do not wanna trade insult with you . sammy well , I do not want to be fire , Brian . I have be work here for seven year . brian well -- sammy and if I be you I would be a little nervous about fire a employee I just have a affair with . ok ? brian that 's -- do not threaten I , sammy : I be not threaten you . I -- it 's just a area I think we should explore . sammy I be not thry -- you explore it . I be go back to work . she head for the door , stop . sammy oh , and I have to pick up rudy today because there 's no one else to do it . but I will find someone as soon as I have time . brian yeah . Fine . why do not you just take over the whole bank ? sammy hesitates in the doorway . this think have never occur to she before . she go out . int . lunch place . day through the window we see sammy and Bob have lunch . sammy watch he eat , full of mix feeling about he . int . kitchen . day sammy be at the stove , make pancake . she put a last pancake onto rudy 's plate and bring it to he . sammy well , I call where uncle Terry say he be gonna stay , and there be no answer , so I do not know if he 's still in town or not . rudy do not answer . sammy rudy ? be you not speak to I ? rudy do not answer . sammy well , I be sorry you be so mad at I , but I only do what I think I have to do , and I hope you do not stay mad at I for the rest of you life . he open the maple syrup and pour it on the pancake . sammy rudy , that 's too much . he keep pour . she grab the bottle from he and upset some of the dish on the table . sammy you gotta cut this out ! rudy what do I do ? sammy you do not know what you be talk about ! there be nothing else I could do ! I can not explain it better than that , but you can not go on like this because you do not know anything about it and you do not know what you be do ! rudy ( frightened ) ok , I be sorry ! sammy I do not want you to be sorry , I just want you to stop it ! rudy I will ! I will ! I be stop , I be sorry . he come around the table to she . rudy see ? I be stop ! I be not do it . see ? I be not . he 's very alarmed . sammy look at he for a long moment . ext . cemetery . day Terry walk through the little cemetery gate and make he way up the hill through the tombstone . he reach he parent ' grave . he look at the tombstone for a moment . he put he hand on top of one headstone , then the other . he sit down and smoke . he look up at the sky . it 's a beautiful deep blue sky dot with billowy white cloud . he look out over the hilly scenery . after a moment he shake he head a few time . he do not even know he 's do it . he sit there . int . ray' house . day the phone be ringing as Terry walk into the house . he walk past it , to the fridge , get a beer and open it . it keep ringing . he pick it up . terry ( into phone ) Ray 's house . int . bank -- sammy' desk . day sammy be at she desk on the phone . sammy hi. we CUT between they . Terry do not say anything . sammy I do not know if you leave yet . terry no -- I be leavin ' tomorrow . sammy well -- what time ? terry there 's a bus at nine . sammy well -- can I -- I would like to see you before you go . I mean , can I give you a lift ? or do you want to have breakfast or anything ? and I think rudy would really like to say good - bye . terry yeah -- I do not know ... I mean -- sammy Terry , you can not just leave like this . I -- terry all right , all right . I will come by in the morning . sammy all right -- but just -- we have to be out of the house by eight , so -- I do not want to tell rudy you be come unless you really think you can make it -- terry yeah -- no -- I will be there . sammy all right . terry all right . int . kitchen . morning sammy be clear the breakfast dish . rudy be finish up he cereal . the clock read 7:50 . sammy you should get you sneaker on . ext . house . a moment later sammy come out and look up and down the road . int . live room . a few moment later rudy sit in the live room in he baseball jacket . his knapsack be on the floor beside he . he look at the clock : 8:06 . sammy come into the live room and look at he . sammy sweetie , I be sorry , we have to go . rudy why can not I miss school one day ? they hear the pickup pull up outside , o.c . rudy get up immediately . ext . the house . a moment later Terry jump out of ray' pickup . sammy open the front door and rudy run out toward Terry . rudy hi! terry hey , how 's it goin ' , man ? rudy stop short in front of Terry . Terry look at sammy , in the doorway . terry sorry I be late . ext . / int . car . day the car stop across the street from the bus . the last kide be get in . sammy honk for the bus driver , and sammy , Terry and rudy all get out . terry so rudy ... if I write you a letter , will you write I back ? rudy yeah . terry ok , well , that 's gonna be pretty nice for you , because I write a pretty goddamn interesting letter . rudy yeah , we will see . terry all right . well , say good - bye . rudy bye . rudy hug Terry . Terry hug he back . he be suddenly overcome and press he lip to the top of rudy 's head . rudy walk to the bus and get on . the bus pull away . alone now , sammy and Terry be not that comfortable . he move to get back in the car , and she do the same . ext . bench . day sammy and Terry sit on a bench near the bus stop . Terry 's backpack be by he side . sammy do you need some cash for the bus ? terry no , I get a few buck ... be not you gonna be late for work ? sammy oh -- yeah . that 's ok . ( pause ) Terry , I do not even know where you be go . terry oh , well , I do not really have a concrete plan yet . I have to go back to worcester and get my stuff ... sammy oh , be you gonna try to see that girl ? terry well ... yeah ... you know ... think maybe I would try to show my face ... let she brother have a crack at I ... sammy what ? terry no ... sammy ... I do not want anyone to have a crack at you . terry I be just kid . I just think ... just think I would check up on she ... ( pause ) anyway , after that , I do not really know . I have be think about Alaska a lot . I still get some friend out there . I do not really know . anyway , I will write you . sammy you will ? terry sure , sammy . of course I will . you know that . pause . sammy what be gonna happen to you ? terry nothing too bad ... but I gotta tell you , I know thing do not work out too well this time ... sammy well , Terry -- terry ... but it 's always really good to know that wherever I be , whatever stupid shit I be do , you be back at my home , root for I . sammy I do root for you . she start cry , and look down . terry come on , sammy . everything 's gonna be all right ... comparatively ... and I will be back this way ... sammy I feel like I be never gonna see you again ...! terry of course you will , sammy . you never have to worry about that . sammy please do not go till you know where you be go . please ...! terry I do know where I be go . I be go to worcester and I be gonna try to see that girl . and then depend on what happen there , I think I would try to see if there 's any work for I out West . and if there be , I be gonna head out there for the summer and try to make some money . and if there be not , I will figure something else out . maybe I will stay around the East . I do not know ... I really like it in Alaska . it be really beautiful . you just -- it make I feel good . and before thing get so mess up I be doin ' pretty well out there . seriously . but I could not stay here long , sammy : I do not want to live here . but I be gonna stay in touch . and I will be back . ' Cause I want to see you and I want to see rudy . I will come home for Christmas . how about that ? we will have Christmas together . ( pause ) come on , sammy . you can trust I ... still look down , sammy shake she head , tear leak down she cheek . terry come on , sammy ... look at I ... look at I ... she look at he . terry hey , sammy ... remember when we be kid , remember what we always use to say to each other . . .? ( pause ) remember when we be kid ? sammy of course I do ...! she throw she arm around he neck . he pat she gently . int . / ext . bus . day the door OPEN and Terry come up the step and into the bus . outside , sammy watch he pay the driver and move through the bus toward he seat . the bus door close . ext . bus . continuous sammy wave till the bus drive all the way down MAIN STREET , turn a corner and be go . int . bus . continuous Terry , in he seat , turn forward and watch the view go by . he smile a little . int . sammy' car ( moving ) . day the morning sunlight flicker through the windshield into the car as sammy drive along toward work . she pass the town hall clock and see that it 's 9:20 . she dry she damp cheek with a forearm and roll down she window to let the morning breeze blow through . squaring she shoulder a little , she drive through town at a slow and easy pace . the end