only you screenplay by Diane drake super : 1968 on a darken live room , a huge summer moon spilling silver through a window . we move slowly across the mantelpiece where a pair of candle glow , illuminate family photo . wedding two , maybe three generation back -- bride in white , they young groom at they side , freeze in time . as we pan , we hear two voice offscreen : a boy' and a girl be . girl voice ( o.s. ) stop push it . you be not suppose to force it . you be suppose to just let it happen . boy' voice ( o.s. ) I be not push it , you be push it . girl voice ( o.s. ) I be not . silence . until , girl voice ( o.s. ) you be push it again . a exasperate sigh . boy' voice ( o.s. ) well , hurry up . my foot 's fall asleep . girl voice ( o.s. ) mo-mmm . Larry 's push it . Mom ? mom ( o.s. ) ( from the next room ) Larry , do not push it . and now , we finally pan over to discover two kide play with a ouija board . for future reference , the player be faith ( age eleven ) , and she brother larry ( ten ) . larry i'm not pushing it . faith wait . I have to write this down . a groan out of he . she grab a piece of paper and start scrawling out a series of letter . faith grandma tell I everybody have a soul mate . faith but most people never find theirs , most people settle . I be never gonna settle . she gaze up as the ripe summer moon slip behind a bank of cloud . faith this way I will know the name of the man I be suppose to wait for . the arrow continue to move around the board , stop on various letter which she copy down . larry yeah , but , what if this guy live a billion , trillion year ago ? like , what if he be a cave man , and now he 's dead ? faith do not be stupid , Larry . if he 's my destiny , then , obviously , he have to be alive . another letter . larry yeah , but , what if he do not live here ? like , what if he 's a cannibal in New guinea or something ? faith if I live here , then he life here . fate would not make a mistake like that . ( beat ) and stop talk . you be gonna ruin the spell . another pause . another letter . then ... ever the devil 's advocate , larry ( whisper ) yeah , but ... but , faith , what if he do live here , and one day you just walk past he on the street ? I mean , you do not hear he name , you do not get a chance to introduce yourselves . you practically bump straight into each other , but you never even know it ? right in he face , faith we will know . larry okaaaaayyyy . the arrow come slowly to a halt . and she write down the final letter , as the moon again break through the cloud , throw a bright white beam of light directly onto the name which read : faith ( o.s. ) ( a whisper ) damon Bradley . ( she look up , spellbound ) he 's the one . beat . larry goodie . can I ask about the Series now ? CUT to : ext . carnival - night a scream face . whirl light . a local carnival . the small - town travel kind . super : three year later . up on the ferris wheel , a bunch of junior high school boy be distinguishing themselves by hurl water balloon down at carnival - goer . among the participant be faith 's brother Larry . pull down from they to " madame divina's fortune telling booth " . " know you fate " . cluster in front of it be a bunch of junior high school girl . we should recognize faith as one of they . another girl , leslie , be egging a friend on . leslie go on , go on ... ( to the rest ) she want to know if she 's gonna marry Alex . girl # 2 I do not . I be not gonna marry Alex . ( obviously ) he do not even have a car . leslie but he 's get pretty eye . that mean you kid would have pretty eye . you can always get a car later , but you can not always find pretty eye . you gotta think ahead . girl # 3 who care about pretty eye , Leslie ? I be tell you , stock , bond , real estate -- that 's what you wanna look for in a man . girl # 4 ( dismiss ) heh ... girl # 3 what then ? girl # 4 ( the voice of authority ) definitely sex . somebody else pipe up , girl # 5 my mom tell I you gotta want the same thing out of life . have the same value , be able to communicate . they all turn to look blankly at this poor , misguide soul . girl # 5 I be just tell you what she say . they be still look at she . girl # 5 it 's not like I believe she or anything ... faith I think you be all wrong . leslie what do you think the most important thing be , faith ? there be not a doubt in she mind . faith true love . I believe there 's one special person out there who 's mean for each of we . and when you eye meet , it will be magic and you will both know it instantly . a couple of dissenter roll they eye . faith ( turn to another friend ) do not you think so , kate ? kate 's look at the ground , try to sound casual . kate I do not know , I guess I never really think about it ... ( in she next breath ) be Larry here ? faith ( she could not care less ) yeah . he 's around somewhere . up above , Larry take careful aim , then send a water balloon torpedoing they way . it hit the ground between they with a enormous splat . they scream . int . fortune telling booth - night we move past they , through a bead window and into the booth where a dishevel older woman , madame divina , be paging through a copy of " Scientific american " . there 's a tap at the door . she check she watch . curse . she shove the magazine in a drawer , then hoist a bowl ball , the kind with the iridescent swirl in they , onto a open in the center of the table , carefully positioning it so the three hole be not visible . she flick on a flashlight above it . Crystal ball . back outside , the girl everybody - think - is-go - to- marry - Alex be nervous . girl # 2 but what if she tell I something bad ? I do not want to hear anything bad ... kate they never tell you anything bad . nobody would ever go to they if they do . the door open . the woman be impose hulk cast a shadow down over they . they look up . fortune teller who knock ? like deer in the headlight . girl # 2 ( point at kate ) she do . kate ( point at girl # 2 ) she do . nobody move , until , faith ( o.s. ) I do . faith look at she friend , shrug , then gamely venture inside past the bead and sit down . fortune teller what 's you name ? faith faith . fortune teller ( lighting a candle ) what do you wanna know , faith ? faith um , just basic destiny stuff , I guess . but -- I do not want to hear anything bad . ( beat ) if that 's okay . Madame divina start lay out a series of tarot card . suddenly there 's a loud knock at the back door . faith jump . fortune teller ( dismiss ) spirit . she lay down a couple more card . then a persistent " psssstttt " , " pssssttt " . more banging . fortune teller ( holler ) Harry , I be outta change . more knocking . Harry be determine . annoy , mme. divina finally get up . fortune teller how come I always wind up next door to the freak show ? ( as she go ) just because they be midget do that mean they do not have to go to the bank like the rest of we ? she lumber to the back of the booth , throw open a back door and look down . fortune teller what ? Inside , faith be nervously eying the card . her friend kate peek in through the bead . kate ( mouth the word and point ) be that a bowl ball ? faith do not understand . kate mime a bowl motion , swinging she arm . faith shrug . as the woman return , from outside we overhear , boy' voice ( o.s. ) hey , kate . Larry want you . larry ( o.s. ) I do not . kate grin , duck out . mme. divina sit back down . close she eye . finger the ball , entrance . fortune teller something be come to I . I be get ... a name . faith lean forward . fortune teller ( strain ) this name be very important to you ... Da -- David . no -- no ... a faint breeze flutter through the room and the candle start to flicker . fortune teller damon . faith 's heart skip a beat . fortune teller his name be ... ( she eye pop open with startling intensity ) damon Bradley . it be , of course , the same name . faith omigod . omigod. ( get up ) I have to go . she seize faith 's hand . fortune teller just a minute -- faith freeze . fortune teller you destiny 's two dollar . faith pull out two bill , drop they on the table . bolt for the door . but the woman stop she again . fortune teller hey -- she lean in very close and pull faith toward she . we should sense that this be not part of the act . this be for real . fortune teller the truth be , no matter what the card say , you make you own destiny . do not wait for it to come to you . you understand ? faith nod . still in shock . faith can I be excuse now ? CUT to : super : twenty year later -- saturday night we hear pour rain . but what sound like rain be actually the shower , as we pull back to find mitzi gaynor wash that man right out of she hair . " south pacific " be on television . we pull back even further to reveal three women watch . a big Saturday night . there 's a lot of chocolate on the table . the woman be : the adult faith . attractive , a little dreamy . the wall of she apartment be adorn with reproduction of famous work all feature a similar theme , rodin 's " the kiss " , botticelli 's " birth of venus " , etc . bookshelve be cramme with volume of poetry . she 's absentmindedly pull the petal off a bouquet of flower on the table . also in attendance : kate , she childhood friend turn housewife and sister - in- law . kate be a pragmatist . she 's clipping coupon out of the newspaper as they watch . and , do she nail , leslie . Big hair . good heart . not the sharpest tool in the shed . as the movie cut to a commercial , leslie I be just say I think it would be a good idea . kate ( dubiously ) date police ... leslie yes . a guy who say he 's gonna call , then do not , ought to get slap with a citation , that 's all . faith glance at kate . they be use to Leslie . leslie ( blow on she nail ) anyway , like I say , I have give it a lot of think and I have finally narrow it down . ( beat ) a heterosexual with a job . faith well , I do not think it 's ask too much to want to feel it in my head and my heart and my body and my soul all at the same time , and to have that feel to be mutual . pass the m& ms please . her friend groan . they be use to faith . kate hand the candy over . leslie not as long as you be not hope to find it on planet Earth . kate Leslie 's right , faith . you have get to start be more practical . do you know what the statistic be , the marriage odd for woman you age ? faith I do not believe in statistic . kate you be a accountant for cryin ' out loud . faith hold out both palm , gesture that she point have be make . kate what about that guy you work with , Mike what 's -his -name ? faith ( shaking she head ) no . he smoke . kate how about the other one ? his friend . faith just move in with he girlfriend . kate ( brightly ) how about that guy at the bank ? faith pop another M&M . faith Scientologist . kate ( deflate ) oh. beat . kate so , you gotta be a little flexible . look at you brother and I . Larry 's not perfect , neither be I . but we work it out . we be not unrealistic in we expectation , and we have each other . ( set down she scissors ) I think you have get the door number Three syndrome . faith do not tell I , Oprah do a show -- leslie yeah , I see that . like on let 's make a deal . you have get the amana freezer and you can keep it , or risk it on what 's behind door number Three . which usually turn out to be a donkey . faith look at kate . faith I do not have a amana freezer . kate it 's a metaphor . it 's woman who always think there 's some unknown out there that 's go to be better than what 's in front of they . and instead wind up with nothing . faith metaphorically , I still do not have a amana freezer . kate I think if you be honest with yourself , you will admit you have have a chance at a number of amana appliance in you lifetime . she know there 's probably some ugly truth to this . luckily , the phone ring . faith pick it up . faith hello ? hi , Larry . ( beat ) yeah , she 's here . hold on . ( turn to kate ) it 's you husband . int . larry kitchen - night larry , kate 's husband , faith 's brother , be at the kitchen table , munch the last crumb out of a bag of potato chip and watch television . larry kate , you be still there ? I think you would be on you way home by now . int . faith' kitchen - night kate you miss I ?... int . larry kitchen - night larry uh , yeah . sure. ( gaze forlornly into the refrigerator ) honey , do you forget the guy be come over tonight ? kate ( on phone ) no , why ? larry ( helplessly ) well , there 's nothing here to eat . int . faith' live room - night over the movie , we hear yell -- kate 's half of the fight -- in the background . then the slamming of the receiver . when she come back into the room , the " some enchant even " number be on . faith be mouth the word . kate start pick up she coupon . faith be everything okay ? kate yes. ( glance at the tv , annoyed ) you know all the shrink on donahue say that all that love song about some enchant evening be just a cruel hoax that feed people 's fantasy . faith ( a little plaintive ) but somebody write that song . kate so , what 's you point ? faith just that they come out of somebody 's experience be all . kate no , faith . they come out of somebody 's imagination . ext . faith' door - night faith walk she friend to the door , open it . faith I wish you do not have to go so early . kate ( still annoyed ) yeah , well , Larry and he friend be hungry . ( relenting ) and I do say I would try to pick something up . leslie and I tell Ted I would be home later if he want to stop by . faith I think you say you think he have a date . leslie well , after that . as they talk , a slight guy , one who might best be describe as , well , non -descript , walk by and head into he apartment . non -descript guy how 's it go ? faith pretty well , dwayne . how about you ? dwayne can not complain . he close he door . kate look at faith . who shake she head . faith no . kate be he marry ? faith no . kate be he gay ? faith I do not know . I do not think so . kate so ?... faith so , he 's not my type . ( beat ) let I walk you to the elevator . they walk . kate what 's he do ? faith I do not know , kate . kate you do not have any idea ? faith he 's a podiatrist or something . kate and leslie ( in unison ) he 's a doctor ? faith look , there 's no chemistry there , okay ? there 's no ... thrill . kate " thrill " ? that 's what you be wait for ? you know how long that last ? besides , how do you know ? have you ever be out with he ? faith no . he 's never ask I . kate why do not you ask he ? faith why should I ask someone out who I do not want to go out with in the first place ? kate if you have never be out with he , how do you know you do not want to go out with he ? leslie ( almost more to herself ) I think he be kinda cute ... faith sigh . mercifully , the elevator door finally open . kate and Leslie get in . as the door close , kate take a chance , faith ... none of we be get any young ... int . faith' apartment - night faith re-enter she apartment . the answer machine light be blink . she play the message back as she get ready for bed . answering machine hi , honey . it 's Mom . I just want to apologize if I upset you at brunch today . to herself in the bathroom mirror , faith if you upset I at brunch today ? answering machine ( correct herself ) for upsetting you at brunch today . now , you know I do not think you be a failure . and if you never get marry , that 's perfectly fine with you father and I . faith be apply eye cream . she lean in closer , carefully examine the line around she eye . answering machine of course you be not a freak . you be right , plenty of people be not marry . ( try to be supportive ) the guy who cut my hair be not marry . hey ... maybe you tw -- ( a voice in the background ) he 's gay . ( she mother ) oh. never mind . anyway , if you want to spend the rest of you life alone , well , that 's you choice . and I respect it . I just want you to be happy , that 's all . ( beat ) hold on , you dad want to say something . ( male voice ) good fruit salad today , faith . ( Mom take the phone back ) we will talk to you soon , sweetie . the machine shut off . faith get into bed . reaches for the light . then , remember something , get up . there 's a daily calendar lie on she dresser . she rip off the top page , crumple it into a ball , drop it into the wastebasket . and turn out the light . dissolve to : int . auditorium - day a vast audience of people , all clad in ridiculous get-up . faith be wear a chicken suit . her mother be there , in a octopus costume . kate and Larry be siamese twin . Leslie be dress as a radish . monty hall step up to faith . monty hall so , which one be it gonna be , faith ? will it be ... door number one ?... dwayne , the podiatrist , peek out from between the curtain of door number one . wave . the crowd go wild . monty hall door number two ?... the distinct braying of a donkey can be hear emanate from behind door number two . monty hall or door number Three ?... a complete mystery . this one seem to glow . all ( chant ) take dwayne ! take dwayne ! carol merrill be run a arm sensuously along door number one . faith ( nervously ) door number Three ? murmur of dismay ripple through the crowd . the curtain part . to reveal a shrivel old crone , cover in cobweb , who bear a unsettle resemblance to faith . the crowd boos . int . faith' bedroom - night faith shoot up in bed , in a cold sweat . dissolve to : ext . faith' apartment - the next morning faith exit she apartment and head down the hall , carry a wastebasket . she open the garbage chute , lift up the basket , but as she tilt it , she hand slip and a multitude of crumpled little ball , all that day , go spilling out onto the floor . she just stare down at they , on the edge . when , o.s . you need some help ? she look up . it 's dwayne . faith I do ... slow fade to black . it 's on a little bride and GROOM atop a massive wedding cake , rotate to a endless loop of " we have only just begun " . o.s. okay , it 's settle . pull back to reveal faith on the other side of the bakery case . faith this one , in vanilla . he want vanilla . int . car - evening kate and Larry be dress up . driving through a thunderstorm . larry this be the last one before the wedding , right ? kate right . larry and we do not have to bring another present ? kate no . ext . dwayne's apartment - night a party . Champagne cork pop , music play , guest circulate . we move around the room , pick up snatch of conversation . dwayne be lead faith around by the hand . thrust she ring finger into people 's face . she 's embarrassedly play along . dwayne that 's right . six grand . can you believe what they get for this thing ? I be tell you , it 's highway robbery . he pat she ass proprietarily . dwayne but she 's worth it . her mother watch , beam . other elderly relative come up to she , offer they congratulation . elderly relative ( sotto , to she mother ) we would almost give up hope , dear . in another corner , kate not only be it tacky , it 's exploitation . larry it 's not exploitation . this people wanna sell and I wanna buy . how be golf club exploitation ? ( to a woman nearby ) she take one night class and suddenly she 's a socialist . kate sociologist . and because . ( tick they off ) pawn shop be just like prostitute , farm auction and coal miner . they be all for sale , but none of them would be if they be not desperate for the money . larry we be all desperate for the money , doll . that 's what make this country great . ( to the woman again ) back I up on this candy , be I right ? kate do not call I doll , Larry . I hate it when you call I doll . larry you use to love it when I call you doll . kate you say it differently then . CUT to : dwayne 's get a captive audience and be hold court near the front door . faith be across the room , a tray of food in she hand . the doorbell ring . dwayne ( ignore it ) ... I be not kid . all over the metatarsus . corn the size of you fist -- and this fungus ... ( search ) you know the way tuna fish look when it 's be in the back of the refrigerator for about six month ? anyway -- his listener start silently return they hor d'oeuvre to the serve trays . the doorbell ring some more . dwayne ( to faith ) honey , could you get that ? I be in the middle of a story here -- faith set down the tray . go to the door . outside be Leslie . leslie sorry I be late . I be wait for a phone call . faith welcome she in , introduce she to some other guest . Larry come over to congratulate he sister , give she a kiss . as he walk away , kate ( contemptuously ) he begge I to marry he . I do not even want to marry he . faith ( not unkindly ) yes you do . kate well , I would not have if I have not think I be in love . off she look . kate he trick I . he be really fun back then . and he be so cute ... ( beat ) how be I suppose to know that ten year down the road he would turn out to be a idiot ? dwayne pop he head in . dwayne hon-ey , picture time . faith get up to follow he . as they go , he turn to she , dwayne you gonna leave you hair like that ? her hair look exactly as it have all evening . but she 's anxiously try to somehow rearrange it as the flash pop , and the frame freeze . dissolve to : int . doorway - later that night the party 's over . they be say goodnight to the few remain guest . the door close one last time . faith start clean up , pick up plate , etc . dwayne 's stand in the bedroom doorway , unbuttone he shirt , already get ready for bed . dwayne this be really nice . faith it be , be not it ? dwayne you do a terrific job , honey . faith ( pleased ) thanks . dwayne ( put he arm around she ) and just think ... this be only the beginning . he kiss she forehead . releases she . head for the bedroom . dwayne oh , sweetie , you will not forget to pick up my clean tomorrow , will you ? she start to respond , but -- he 's already disappear . a distant roll of thunder rumble through the room . the candlelight flicker . and the rain descend . int . live room - day a sea of white , with a tiny face drown in it . massive sleeve , a enormous hoop skirt , tier of cascade ruffle drench in acre of white sequin . faith I feel like the good witch of the North . kate 's help faith try on she gown and veil . kate come on , it 's not so bad . faith look how big it make I look . ( she look down ) I look like a alp . kate I think it be sweet of he to pick it out . faith I know ... it be . kate position the veil on she head . kate but what ? faith ( sighing ) oh , I do not know . I guess it 's just not quite the way I always think it be go to be . you know , like in the movie . kate that 's the problem . when you be a kid you think life be gonna be like the movie . dream come true , the good guy win , people live happily ever after ... all that crap . turn . she turn . kate continue adjust the veil , pin it . kate but one day you wake up and realize you have be have . of course life be not like the movie . that 's why there be movie . faith yeah . I guess you be right . ( beat ) I really like the wallpaper we pick out for the de . but kate 's just get warm up . kate let I tell you something about love . there be no prince charming , there be no glass slipper . Love be hard work . faith I know . you be right . kate people have problem , insecurity , flaw -- and you have to learn to compromise , to overlook , to forgive . it 's not settling , faith , it 's life . Real life . okay ... faith I understand , kate. ( beat ) what do you think of this garter ? kate ( careen out of control ) I mean , just how long be you go to cling to this childish illusion that it 's all suppose to be perfect ? well , guess what ?... it be not . not for you , not for anybody . kate slam the pin down , scatter they . a long beat of silence . faith ( quietly ) kate , be something the matter ? kate ( shakily , stare up at the ceiling ) Larry bring I flower last night . faith be that bad ?... kate I think he 's have a affair . she bury she face in she hand . CUT to : they be sit down . faith be hand kate kleenex . faith okay . now . have you talk to he about this ? still look down , kate mutely shake she head , " no " . faith have you see he with someone ? kate no ... I can just tell . faith after all , he be my brother , and I know he can be kind of a jerk sometimes , but I know he pretty well , and I really do not think -- the phone ring . faith ( reluctantly ) do not move . faith get up and try to head into the kitchen , but the unfortunate combination of the big dress and the small doorway stop she . she try a variety of approach before finally turn the hoop skirt on a angle and suspending part of it over she head , enable she to squeeze through the doorway just far enough to knock the receiver off the hook and grab it . faith hello ? there 's a lot of noise on the other end . faith hello ? be anybody there ? phone ( louder , over the noise ) dwayne pinsley ? I be try to reach dwayne pinsley . faith he 's not in at the moment . can I take a message ? phone who 's this ? faith ( try to wrench herself free from the doorway ) this be he fiancee . who 's this ? phone oh , hi . I be a old high school buddy of dwayne 's . I be in town this weekend , be hope to stop by and surprise he . but I have gotta catch a plane so I be afraid I be not gonna be able to make it . kate , wiping she eye , mouth " who be it ? " faith shake she head . faith ( want to get off the phone ) I be sure he will be sorry to hear that . who should I tell he call ? phone my name 's ( lot of noise ) faith I can hardly hear you . could you spell that ? kate hand faith a pencil and the back of a rsvp card . and letter by letter , we watch faith scrawl out a name which , for the second time in the movie , we realize spell " damon Bradley " . the receiver clatter to the floor . faith ( dumbstruck ) damon Bradley ... phone right . thanks a lot . and congratulation . it 's not easy find love this day . he 's about to hang up . she 's shake out of she stupor . grab the phone up off the floor . faith wait !! where be you ? phone I be at the airport . why ? faith uh -- in case dwayne want to try to reach you . phone well , he would have to hurry . my flight leave at four o'clock . she check she watch . it 's 3:15 . faith ( like a shot ) where be you go ? phone I be on my way to Venice . why ? faith ( anything to keep he on the phone ) Venice ? I love Venice . with the boat , right ?... phone ( he 's distract ) huh ? uh , yeah -- I have gotta run . tell dwayne hi . maybe someday we can all get together . click . faith but wait -- hello ? hello ?? but there be only a dial tone . she stand there cling desperately to the receiver . a woman adrift in a life raft who 's suddenly see a ship appear , then disappear back over the horizon . ext . driveway - afternoon faith , still in she wedding gown , be racing to she car . a craze gleam in she eye . kate be tagging after she . faith it 's a miracle . kate it 's a coincidence . faith the woman at my dry cleaner believe there 's no such thing as coincidence . kate look at she . so what ? faith ( breathlessly ) okay , okay , but do not you think it 's a weird coincidence ? do not it seem like somebody 's try to tell I something ? and not only that , take a look at this ... faith pull a clipped copy of the day 's horoscope from she purse . kate scan the column . kate Taurus : " today can be a fresh start and a new beginning . " ( drop it to she side ) come on faith , they all say that . in my case it mean I be gonna empty the dishwasher . she snatch back the paper , undeterred . faith I just want to get a look at he , that 's all . ext . roadway - afternoon faith be drive like a maniac , she hoop skirt cramme in over the edge of the dash , block the lower half of the windshield . ext . airport - afternoon faith screech to a halt in the passenger load zone , somehow manage to muscle the round hoop into a ellipse , and spring out the door . she mash herself into one of that glass - partition revolve door , but get stick , make a few revolution before a couple of passer - by help pry she out on the other side . she scan a departure screen for the flight to Venice and buttonhole a sky cap . he point to the distance . she hike up she gown and start sprinting through the airport , jump luggage , can-can - ing through the turnstile , dodging kid , run up the down escalator . int . alitalia check -in counter - afternoon faith fling herself across the counter . faith ( breathlessly ) Flight 417 . be it still here ? the clerk give she the once-over . he have not see this ploy in awhile . clerk May I see you board pass , please ? faith I -- I must have misplace it . clerk I be sorry , but without a board pass we can not let you on the plane . she start digging through she purse , at the same time slowly inching she way past the little rope they put up to block people . faith ( a smile ) I be sure I have get it here someplace ... he smile back . and tighten the rope . clerk great . because , like I say , until you find it , we can not let you on the plane . faith ( panic rise in she voice ) you do not understand . the man I be suppose to marry be on that plane . clerk okay , mar 'am , just a moment . he pick up he phone . clerk yeah , this be mario over at alitalia . ( sotto ) we have get a 237 on we hand here . uh huh . yeah . thanks . he hang up . the engine can be hear revving outside . clerk ( back to she with a plastic smile ) it will be just a moment . we see a security guard approach . the clerk start wave he over . meanwhile , crew member off a arrive flight be enter through a side door . use she dress as a shield , faith manage to wedge a foot in it . as the clerk turn to address the guard , she dart out and start sprinting across the tarmac for the plane -- where they have just finish pull the portable stair away from the cabin door . as the plane start to taxi , the ground controller wave frantically at she to get out of the way . with a anguish cry , she sink to the ground as the jet scream overhead . int . airport bar - afternoon close on a shooter of tequila . a white - glove hand pick it up and downs it . when , o.s. okay , where 's the nut in the dress ? the bartender cast a sympathetic glance towards the end of the bar . point . she 's a pitiful figure , this bride in she tear wedding gown get bomb all alone . security guard ( take she by the arm ) look , mar 'am , we agree not to press charge . but I be afraid we be gonna have to ask you to leave . the bartender turn to she . bartender can you drive ? do you want we to call you a cab ? faith ( not at all fine ) no , thank you . I be fine . she get up shakily . bartender I think we better call you a cab . ( pick up the phone ) where be it you want to go ? her eye drift to the departure screen . there 's another flight leave for Venice in one hour . and a sudden light in she eye . kate be on the telephone . kate but you be afraid to fly . int . airport - night faith be at a pay phone . feeling no pain . faith it be my New Year 's resolution to overcome it . kate ( on phone ) but it 's July . faith it 's still the new year ... kate ( on phone ) what about you job ? faith I have vacation time come to I . kate ( on phone ) you do not have a passport . faith that 's where you be wrong . I get one nine year ago . I just never have a opportunity to use it . kate ( on phone ) because you be afraid to fly . faith would you stop say that ? I need you to do I a really big favor . int . kate & larry kitchen - night kate do dwayne know about this ? faith ( on phone ) of course not . I tell he I be go to visit a great aunt . and do not tell Larry , either . kate glance disdainfully over at Larry , who 's engross in the Home Shopping Club in the next room . kate how could I tell he ? I be not even speak to he . ext . dwayne's apartment - night kate and Leslie be there . kate knock . no answer . she pull a key from beneath the mat and open the door . she call out dwayne 's name . no answer . nod to Leslie . int . airport - night faith , still in she bridal gown , be wait impatiently at the twa terminal entrance . finally , she spot kate and Leslie in the distance , carry a suitcase . she rush to they . faith ( anxiously to Leslie ) be you able to find it ? leslie at the very bottom of dwayne 's closet . faith clenches she fist in victory . leslie but ... there be not a regular yearbook picture of he in there . he must have be absent that day or something . faith 's face fall . leslie however , he be in the march band . faith brighten again , as Leslie pull a contact lens case from she purse . she unscrew one side , empty the content into faith 's palm . a fuzzy little image the size of a eraserhead . damon Bradley , age 17 , in the shadow of a tuba . faith hold the virtually microscopic black and white speck up under she nose , examine it lovingly . faith ( touch ) thanks , Leslie . then , ever so carefully , place it back into the case , put the case in she purse , and reach for she suitcase . which kate be still hold onto . kate I can not believe we do this . do I have to remind you that you wedding be in six day ? faith look , I know you think this be irresponsible of I , but think how much more irresponsible it would be to marry the wrong person . ( more ) faith ( cont would ) what if dwayne and I be not really mean to be ? be it fair of I to waste he life ? kate reluctantly let go . faith start walk through the terminal , pull clothes from the suitcase . they follow she into the lady ' room , where faith change clothes . leslie I think she 's right . you should not let a chance like this slip by . what if he 's really the one ? kate les-lie , he 's not the one . she 's never even meet this man . ( to faith ) you mean to tell I that you have spend you whole life wait for somebody with this name -- ( qualifying it ) this name you get from a parker Brothers game when you be eleven -- faith no , I have not . and you forget about the fortune teller . kate my God , you have ... faith hand she gown and car key to Leslie . faith thank you so much . kate you be just go to fly to Italy and start comb the street ? faith ( pull a cocktail napkin from she purse ) he be on he way to Venice , right ? I call the tourist bureau and I must have call every hotel in the city , but I find where he 's stay . ( more ) faith ( cont would ) ( giddy ) and I have make a reservation . kate shake she head . they exit out of the restroom and head towards she gate . kate you do not even know what he look like . you do not speak the language . you do not know you way around . this be a total stranger , in a foreign land . she 's start to get a little catch up in this . kate a foreign land full of million of italian man ... speak italian with italian accent and that huge brown eye and that silky olive skin ... faith how hard can it be ? I will land there , I will go to he hotel , I will introduce myself , and -- kate live happily ever after . faith maybe . off kate 's look , faith look , until today , I have forget all about this . and chance be I will find out he 's not for I and I will come home and marry dwayne and never bring this up again . but what if this be the real thing , kate ? what if this be the real real thing ? she step aboard the escalator . faith wish I luck . ext . airport parking structure - night Leslie be behind the wheel of faith 's car , drive it home . kate be at the wheel of she station wagon , drive it back home . when at the last opportunity to recircle the airport , kate suddenly cut the wheel . int . airport waiting area - night close on a let 's go , Italy guide , a italian - English dictionary , and a copy of how to make a man fall in Love with you} . faith be wait at the gate . she 's pack the book into she suitcase when the glitter of she engagement ring catch she eye . she look around , before furtively slide it off . she open the coin purse of she wallet and be place it inside , when a pair of shoe appear in front of she . o.s. will you loan I some clothes ? startle , she look up . kate be stand there , hold she passport . kate ( shrug ) I keep it in the glove compartment in case of emergency . faith you be come with I ? kate nod . faith throw she arm around she . kate I be not say I think it 's a good idea . but if you be go to insist on do this , I do not think you should go alone . you need to be sensible about it . they flight be announce . they get up and start walk towards the gate . faith you be right . the key be to go about this sensibly . logically . rationally . as they go , faith do I tell you I figure out we both have the same number of letter in we name ? int . jet - night as the plane slowly taxi , the flight attendant go through they standard litany of disaster . as usual , everybody be ignore they . except for one passenger , who be look slightly green . kate you okay ? faith sure . I be fine . I do not know why I never do this before . I mean , what 's the big deal ? the plane start pick up speed . faith except for the fact that I could lose my job . the landscape be beginning to blur . faith I could lose dwayne . they be rocketing down the runway . faith ( suddenly clutching kate 's arm ) I be afraid to fly . the ear-splitt shriek of a jet engine as the plane take off . dissolve to : int . marco polo airport , venice - late afternoon the two woman enter the terminal . kate be jet-lagged and a little daze . faith be like a kid on Christmas morning . faith we be here , we be here , we be here ! I can not believe we be really here . as they make they way to the baggage claim they be instantly subject to the italian male 's tendency to treat every female in sight as if she be the first woman he would ever see in he life . faith look around ingenuously , faith you know what ?... it seem like there 's a lot more available man in Italy . kate roll she eye , grab faith by the elbow and steer she out of there . ext . dock , piazzale roma - sunset we first view of Italy which , visually , be mean to be idealize . a place where the light be always golden , and the street be full of magic and romance . it 's not the real Italy , it 's the Italy of guidebook . of memory and dream ... they stand at the edge of the dock which lead to the float city . faith look around . faith now what do we do ? kate the book say they have boat that be like taxi ... ( scan let' go ) vaporettos . ( look up ) what 's the name of the place we be stay again ? faith ( cheerfully pull out the cocktail napkin ) it 's call ... the gritty Palace . kate " gritty " ? be this gonna be one of that youth hostel dive jamme with backpacker who do not believe in deodorant ? faith I do not know ... maybe . think of it as a adventure . faith spot a vaporetto . as they dash towards it , somebody pinch kate . kate ow ! what the -- she look behind she . the only person in the immediate vicinity be a nine - year -old boy , look innocent . she whack he . kate cretin . they step aboard just as the boat take off , and faith gaze out into the distance , lean out across the railing . faith oh , look kate , look how beautiful ... and it be ... as they sail toward the splendor that be Venice at twilight . ext . the grand canal - twilight Magic hour . they float past ancient pallazi , they crumble facade rejuvenate in the gentle evening light . gondolier glide by . candlelit window cast shimmer patch of gold down onto the water . it 's just like the movie ... eventually the driver call out , taxi driver gritti Palace . faith can barely contain herself as they pull up alongside one of the most elegant and expensive hotel in Venice . former home to hemingway and maugham . dock lantern glow , beckone they into its sumptuous surroundings . faith this be pretty ni-iice ... kate smile , then realize , kate ( grab faith 's arm ) this be a lifestyle hotel . faith what ? kate " of the Rich and famous " . of which we be neither . be you out of you mind ? we can not afford this . faith ( look up at it ) be you sure ? kate yes. ( fold she arm ) Cathy Lee crosby stay here . faith well , we be here . and more importantly , he 's here . ( step forward ) we will cut back on everything else . she thanks the driver . pay he . step off the boat . kate do not move . faith kate . it 's one night . she still do not move . faith they take credit card . she 's a statue . faith we get frequent flyer mile . ext . gritti palace entrance - twilight they enter the elegant lobby of the restore 15th century palazzo . faith I be so glad I get up the nerve to do this . all my life , I have wait for man to call . wait for they to ask I out . wait for they to make the first move . well , no more of that . I be finally take charge of my own destiny . they arrive at the concierge 's desk . faith ( sotto ) you ask what room he 's in , okay ? concierge buona Notte . kate hello . reservation for faith corbett , please . he nod , start punch something into he computer . kate pull something from she purse . kate and put it on this . close on a credit card which read " lawrence corbett " . faith look at she . kate flash a wick smile . kate and , could you please tell we what room Mr. Bradley be in ? concierge ( politely ) I be sorry . Mr. Bradley have already check out . the three cruelest word in existence , " already check out " . faith ( disbely ) Excuse I ? concierge Mr. Bradley leave about a half hour ago . he say he plan have change unexpectedly . would you prefer a interior or exterior room ? faith ( daze ) he could not have check out -- I be suppose to meet he here . concierge I be very sorry . perhaps you misunderstand ? he ring for the bellboy . faith ( try not to panic ) be you absolutely sure he 's go ? maybe you make a mistake . you must have make a mistake . could you check again ? please ? Sir ? his polite veneer wear thin , the man pull a key from the honeycomb of slot behind he . concierge room 217 . would you like to go up and check under the bed ? she do not respond . he replace it . faith well , which way do he go ? the man stare at she blankly . faith nobody here have any idea which way he go ? concierge ( icily ) once they pay the bill , we do not usually follow they . kate lean across the counter and grab he by the collar , press she forehead to he . kate maybe you do not understand . ( like she 's possess ) my friend be suppose to meet he here . he start to wrestle with she . faith step in to help pry kate 's finger from the gentleman 's neck . faith ( to he ) Excuse we . he 's still cough as faith lead she away from the desk into the lobby . kate well , he be rude . they sit down . faith I can not believe we come all this way and he 's go . kate you give it you best shot . you try . faith ( a whimper ) we lose he ?... kate nod sympathetically . kate you wait here . I be gonna go get we a room for the night . devastate , faith stare vacantly into space . faith I will never meet the man of my dream . kate ( to herself as she go ) you and the other 99 % of the woman in the world . as kate head back toward the check - in desk , faith get up and approach the doorman . she pull the contact lens case from she purse . unscrew one side and hold it out in front of he . he start laugh . she darken . he sober , rattles something off in italian , gesture toward the distance . ext . street of venice - night the two woman race along , over bridge , under streetlamp . faith be hold the case out in front of she sister - in- law . faith just once more , so you will be sure to know what to look for . kate faith , I have see it already , okay ? if I spot somebody who 's get a head that 's a eighth of a inch around , stand underneath a tuba , I will recognize he from the photo . otherwise , I be tell you , it 's not gonna do I any good . faith start stop people on the street , hold out the case , encourage they to peer in . some of they look at she like she 's nut , a few shake they head , one man finally stop . examine it carefully . faith ( anxiously ) do you see he ? do you recognize he ? tourist ( look up , smile ) candid camera , right ? ( he start wave ) where be it ? she snatch it away . continue on . but the crowd jostle she . she be bump hard from behind . and the photo go float out into St. Mark 's Square . frantically , she get down on she hand and knee , try to keep people from trample it . kate what be you do ? faith ( without look up ) he fall out . reluctantly , kate get down on all four , too . faith spot the little face lie about two foot away . she strain to reach out , when a shoe mash down on she hand . it lift back up , take the photo with it , stick fast to the sole . faith struggle to she foot , scoot after the man who 's move at a fast clip . she fight she way through the crowd , trace he footstep , crouch to make sure it 's still there . he 's head toward the edge of the canal . be about to step aboard a gondola , when faith stand up and grab he shoulder from behind . he turn . faith ( breathlessly ) Excuse I , sir , I be sorry , but I think there 's something that belong to I stick to the bottom of you shoe . confused , the guy look down . faith reach for he foot . faith do you mind if I just -- she take the shoe , turn it over , twist the man' leg and knock he off balance in the process . send he toppling into the water . faith ( peer down from above ) oh , I be sorry ... but the shoe be still in she hand . she turn it over , and sure enough , the tiny image be still perch there . she lick a finger and triumphantly pick it up like a crumb . success ... until a big gust of wind come up , whisk the little likeness into the Grand Canal . int . gritti palace lobby - night a puddle of water be form on the marble floor . o.s . it be not like I do it on purpose . faith be drip . look like she world have come to a end . she 's hold a phone book , as kate drop token into a pay phone . kate you can not really blame he for be upset . it be a armani suit . faith do I or do I not offer to have it clean ? kate I do not think he understand what you be say . what 's the airport number ? a maid walk by , wheeling a cart . suddenly , faith 's eye light up . faith no ... she take the receiver from kate 's hand , hang it up . kate I just get a dial tone -- faith the guy at the desk say he only leave about a half hour ago , right ? kate so ? faith so , maybe he room have not be clean yet . maybe there 's something in there that might help we . maybe they will let we go in and take a look around . they both turn to look at the concierge . look back at each other . shake they head . kate pick up the phone again . faith take it from she , hang it up again . look pleadingly at she friend . beat . kate I be not break into anybody 's room . int . HOTEL hallway - night a wad of lire change hand , as a maid open the door to room 217 . int . room 217 - night it have not be clean . in fact , it look like a cyclone hit it . kate ( o.s. ) so far , I would say we be look for a rich slob . kate stand with she hand on she hip , surveying the scene . faith spot a wastebasket in the corner . she run over to it , pick it up , peer in . faith ah ha !... kate what would you find ? faith ( charme ) a butterfinger wrapper . kate a rich , possibly fat , slob . faith ( hopeful ) maybe there 's fingerprint on it ? kate we be not look to arrest the man , faith , we be try to locate he . faith oh. right . she drop it . start digging through the wastebasket again . dissolve to : a small pile of garbage spread out on the floor -- a apple core , a couple more butterfinger wrapper , some tissue , a empty shampoo bottle , a soap wrapper . nothing very helpful . there 's only one more crumpled piece of paper yet to be examine . faith this we last hope . she say a silent prayer . unfold it . faith we be save ! kate what be it ? faith ( saint be praise ) a phone message . ( beat ) only -- kate only what ? faith only , it 's in italian ... CUT to : close on the phone message and a hand hold it . o.s. ( impatiently ) so what be this ? he owe you money ? Pan up to the annoyed concierge . faith no ... it 's just very important that I find he , okay ? concierge why ? faith because . beat . kate look , it 's very simple . when she be eleven year old , she get this name -- faith elbow she . faith ( suddenly choke up ) he 's my brother . kate look at she . faith ( hold back tear ) yes , my long - lose brother . see , uh , we be separate when we be very young . the last time I see he we be just baby , but I have recently find out that he 's here in Italy . and I be here try to find he . that 's the ticket . faith you could say I be sort of look for my other half . she smile nervously . kate and she 's go to be marry in five day , and it would mean so much to she if she could find he before she wedding day . teary -ey , faith nod . faith ( plead ) all I ask be that you just call this number and ask if they know he , if they have any idea where we might find he . he look at she . concierge and then you promise you will go away ? she nod energetically . CUT to : finger dialing . as she and kate wait , kate ( sotto ) you brother ? faith what be I gonna do ? tell he the truth ? concierge ( into phone ) ai monasteri ? ( beat ) va be . he 's on hold . kate a monastery ? faith be look stricken . concierge ( coolly ) it 's a store . in Rome . she heave a sigh of relief . he go back to the call . concierge si. sto cercando damon Bradley ?... ( beat ) si. si. grazie . ciao . hang up . they look at he expectantly . concierge ( hand back the message ) he say he think a woman he work with know he . her name 's Anna . but she will not be in ' till tomorrow . faith so . how do we get to Rome ? ext . country road - sunrise somewhere in Tuscany . where the landscape look like one of that old Renaissance painting . undulating hill , sun - dapple olive grove , vast vineyard , crumble farmhouse . they speed into the frame aboard a vespa . faith be at the handlebar . kate ( over the wind ) could not we just have take a train ? faith ( shaking she head ) the book say they have a lot of rail strike in Italy . faith this way we be in control . besides , look how pretty this be . we be really get to see the countryside . they speed off . and a bug smack straight into kate 's mouth . dissolve to : later . the front wheel of the vespa be rotate very slowly . that 's because they be push it . in silence , until , faith ( quietly ) I tell you a liter be less than a gallon . kate ( snap ) we would have have enough gas to get we there if you have not get we lose . besides , a kilometer be less than a mile . faith right . so we should have be able to cover more of they . silence . kate Boy , we sure be see the countryside , alright . beat . kate I be hungry . faith you know , no offense or anything kate , but I think I be start to see Larry 's side of the story . kate what 's that suppose to mean ?... faith nothing . they plod along again in silence . faith ( throw up she hand ) I think all road be suppose to lead there anyway . dissolve to : later still . they have stop to rest . the sun be beat down mercilessly . faith get up , stand at the side of the road , arm and thumb extend . kate I do not know that we should be accept any ride from stranger . faith just look at she . faith you expect somebody you know ? kate well , you do not have to get snippy with I . faith sorry . after a beat , kate ( wounded ) so , what exactly be Larry 's side of the story , anyway ? faith I do not know , kate . I just say that . I be sorry . I be just on edge . ( gaze into the distance ) I be afraid we be lose he . kate ( stare vacantly ahead ) you think he miss I at all ? faith ' course he do . kate you know , when Larry and I get marry , I think we be so lucky we find each other so early . people talk about spend they life together , how many of they really get to ? but maybe I be wrong . maybe sooner or later everything wear out . faith turn to look at she sister - in- law . she go over and kneel down next to she . faith remember in junior high , when I have that Halloween party ? and we be play twister . and it land on right -hand -re , and there be only one red spot leave . you reach for it , but you start to fall . faith and instead of take it , Larry reach out to catch you . he let you win . Larry never let anybody win . that 's when I know . he be a goner . kate be idly doodling in the dirt with a twig . kate that be a long time ago . faith and you know what I think then , kate ? I think , I hope someday I have somebody who love I that much . ( a confession ) I still hope that . still look down , kate smile ruefully . kate that you will find someone who will let you win at twister ? she look up , eye full of doubt . faith nod solemnly . kate he go out and buy himself man 's cologne the other day . do I tell you that ? faith ( concerned ) Larry buy himself cologne ? kate polo . uh-oh . faith put a consol arm around she , and they sit there in the tuscan countryside . in quiet contemplation of the capriciousness of life and love . int . squash court - day dwayne and Larry be play . Larry 's clothes be very wrinkle . larry so , she just take off on I . no warning . no explanation . just this message on the machine , " I be leave you . take the clothes out of the dryer . " I mean , what would I do ? Larry smack the ball . dwayne I do not get it . she have not see she since she be a kid , now just because she 's die , all of the sudden she 's gotta see she again ? larry she 's be act weird lately , though . I shoulda see it come . babble on and on and on about " communication " . like I do not know how to communicate . dwayne let 's face it . sooner or later we all die . larry exactly . after a beat , Larry stop the ball . larry who 's die ? dwayne you great aunt . larry what great aunt ? ext . country road in tuscany - day they be walk again , both hold thumb out now . and they prayer be answer . a bright red ferrari come screeching to a halt about ten foot in front of they . they exchange a look . faith dash towards it . peer in the window , converse with the driver a moment , then wave kate over . kate ( lug the suitcase ) you really think this be safe ? a interior shot of the car reveal a nun behind the wheel . faith I would say so ... kate take a look inside , kate God , the Catholic Church be even richer than I think . she climb in , and the car peel out . ext . street of rome - day the Ferrari zip into the eternal City . a wonderland of color and history . baroque fountain spout cool , clear water ; kid play soccer in the ruin ; lover kiss in secluded corner ; elegantly stylish man and woman sip espresso in sidewalk cafe , engage in conversation , flirtation , negotiation . all the world 's a stage . they screech to a abrupt halt directly in front of , sister margherita ai monasteri . they get out and be still thanking she profusely , stand at the side of the car with suitcase in hand , when there be a whisper from behind , o.s . do you believe in love at first sight ? faith freeze . gaze heavenward . faith ( like a oath ) yes . she turn . to discover that God be a practical joker . the guy be talk to kate . slicked back hair , ponytail , a lot of leather . he look awfully young . kate I be marry . young italian stud ( good-naturedly ) I know , I see you ring . this be no problem . I only want for we to be friend . uh huh . young italian stud I be Giovanni . he kiss kate 's hand . giovanni and you be ?... kate ( in spite of herself ) kate . giovanni you be look for a place to stay , no , kate ? kate no . well , I do not know . well , maybe . later . giovanni this be you most lucky day . my family run a pension not three block from here . what a coincidence . she look at faith . in spite of herself , she 's a little charme , flatter by he . as they continue up the step , giovanni ( suggestively ) I wait here for you . int . ai monasteri - day Inside , a hushed environment , reminiscent of a monastery . the store sell liqueur , etc . make by monk . faith approach the counter , behind which one of that inordinately fashionable italian women be position . faith ( almost whisper ) hello . uh , do you speak English ? woman behind counter ( demure smile ) a little . faith thank God . I be look for Anna ? woman behind counter I be Anna . overjoyed , faith extend a hand . faith Anna , I be faith . you do not know how happy I be to meet you . you see , I be try to find someone , and -- kate ( peruse the merchandise ) her brother . faith right . my brother . anna ( sweetness and light ) you brother . fratello tuo . faith yes . right . si. my fratello . and , I be think that maybe someone here , well , you , might know he . his name be damon Bradley ?... the woman 's eye narrow . anna damon Bradley . faith ( more thrilled ) yes . you do know he ? Anna slam she espresso down on the counter . anna E ' un porco ! faith Excuse I ? she start ranting in italian . faith pull out she dictionary and start flipping frantically through it . kate come over with a handful of little bottle . kate what do you say to she ? faith ( still flipping ) I do not know . I just ask she if she know he and all of the sudden -- kate what 's she say ? faith shoot she a look . kate oh. ( beat ) wait a minute -- kate rush to the door , kate hey , Giovanni ... he come run . kate hustle he inside and over to faith . kate ( to he ) my friend be look for she brother and she think this woman know where he be . can you tell we what she 's say ? giovanni she 's say he 's a -- a -- ( snap he finger , he can not think of the word ) porco . kate a porco ? giovanni ( then suddenly ) a pig ! a pig ! ( to faith , apologetic ) she 's say he 's a pig . Anna 's start to throw thing . giovanni a very large pig . faith ask she if she know where he be ? giovanni sa dov'e ' lui ? she scream for about a minute . he turn to faith . giovanni no . faith ask she if she know how I might reach he ? if she have a telephone number ? giovanni ha un numero di telefono ? she yell some more . giovanni she do , but she ... she rip a napkin into shred . giovanni ... misplace it . more yell . giovanni he think she 's go to meet he at mezzaluna tonight , but she -- anna hah ! she hit she inner elbow with the edge of she other hand , in the italian version of the finger . giovanni ...has a prior commitment . faith what 's mezzaluna ? giovanni a restaurant . in piazza navona . faith ( ecstatic ) that 's it . that 's it . that 's all I need to know . ( to she and Giovanni ) bless you , thank you , thank you . the proprietor rush in from the back of the store , make she apologize to the nice customer . anna ( grudgingly ) sorry . proprietor ( that 's better ) cosi va be . as faith head toward the door , she yell after she , anna I be sorry you brother be a pig ! kate ( with the bottle ) who be it I pay for this ? CUT to : ext . ai monasteri - moment later as they emerge from the shop and head down the stair , kate be look skeptical . faith all that prove be that she be not the woman who be mean for he . faith throw she arm around she in celebration , dance in the street . faith and now we know where he 's gonna be . ext . pension - afternoon angle on a sign , " pensione divino amore " . Giovanni be help they carry they thing into the hotel . he lead they to they room , open the door . faith enter . as kate follow , he momentarily pull she aside , giovanni ( apologetically ) I must leave town for two day . be unavoidable . but , day after tomorrow , ( with import ) I return ... he place the key in she hand . holding he own there longer than necessary . int . pensione room - later faith be in the shower . kate 's get a italian smorgasbord array before she . be browsing " how to make a man , etc . " . ext . pension - evening they're on they way out the door , dress to the nine . as kate turn they key in to the desk , Giovanni whisper in she ear , giovanni forty-eight hour ... nod meaningfully . ext . piazza navona - night they emerge from a cab into a dreamlike landscape , illuminate by the light bernini 's Fountain of the four Rivers and the strolling FIRE - eater perform in the piazza . everything seem to be move in slow motion . faith all of the sudden , I be feel kind of nervous . ( wring she hand ) God , I hate blind date . why could not we just have arrange marriage in America ? kate you be right . at least that way you could spend the rest of you life blame you parent instead of yourself . smile . faith smile . and they enter the restaurant -- a sea of frescoes , flower , crystal and silver , all awash in candlelight . " some enchant even ... " from faith 's Pov we see various and sundry man acknowledge or appear oblivious to she expectant face . a smile here , a glance there . he could be any of they . or none of they . faith ( through she smile ) let 's get a drink . they take a seat at the bar . unbeknownst to they , a extremely handsome man at a table on the terrace be eying they intently . kate be not you go to ask the maitre would if he 's here ? it 's all come down to this . a whole lifetime of wait , search , hope ... faith ( suddenly chicken ) I sort of want to wait to see if maybe he would notice I first ? kate you have travel over six thousand mile and now you be gonna play hard to get ? the man from the terrace be get up . be come they way . kate elbow she . " some enchant eeeeven " ... kate ( sotto ) he 's a god . he approach . adonis Excuse I , I hope you do not think I be be too forward . I be here wait for a friend , but I could not help notice the two of you . faith be giddily kick kate under the table , but no word be come out . kate step in . kate we notice you , too . it 's really happen . adonis I be wonder if you might be persuade to join I -- it really be ... kate ( get up ) we would love to . adonis ( extend a hand ) great . I be guiseppe romano . faith 's face fall . CUT to : they be back at the bar by themselves . kate so what 's in a name ? I wanna join he . I do not see why we can not join he . faith I tell you . if he see I here with another guy , he 's gonna think I be here with another guy . I just do not want to send any confusing signal . kate glance back over at he . wave . kate ( to faith ) well , how come we be always look for guy for you ? faith because I be the one who 's single . kate ( sulk ) I never even get to be single . faith sure you do . kate not if you do not count the sixth grade . faith okay , okay . you join he . but first will you ask if he 's here ? we watch from a distance as kate get up and approach the maitre 'd . he gesture towards a booth on the other side of the room . she thanks he and make a beeline back to the bar . kate he 's heeeeeerrre ... faith ( nervously look around ) oh my God . where ? kate he 's sit in the fourth booth down , on the leave hand side , with he back to we . he 's wear a navy jacket . if you turn around , you can see part of he right elbow . faith ( not move a muscle ) be he look at we ? kate ( glance over she shoulder ) nope . faith try to peek around without be too obvious . and slip off she bar stool , almost knock over the drink of the person next to she . she grab it , awkwardly climb back onto the stool . then pull out a compact and check out the view . faith ( like she 's twelve ) oooooo , I can see he sleeve ... after a beat . faith I guess I should just go over and introduce myself , huh ? kate nod . faith put the mirror away . start to get up . faith ( sit back down ) who do I say I be ? CUT to : moment later . have get she story straight . she get up again . faith right , right ... okay .. ( suddenly seize with self - doubt ) you do not think he 's gonna think I be too aggressive ? kate faith . so far you have trail the man halfway around the globe . at this point , I do not think another fifteen foot be gonna tip the scale . faith right. okay ... it 's mean to be right ? ( a deep breath ) this be it . she straighten she skirt . start to walk toward he again , when , kate faith -- faith ( turn anxiously ) what ? kate good luck . faith smile gratefully back at she . kate motion , " go on " ... then turn back towards guiseppe . faith collect herself . a woman with a mission . begins stride purposefully towards he . focus only on that special arm as , with each step , a little more of it come into view . only a few more foot . there be nothing between she and he now but that waiter with the enormous tray of pasta come from the other direction . but , ala ... in a collision worthy of inclusion in the " agony of defeat " , the tray and all its content go slide down over she . all eye turn she way , and she stand there , paralyze in a agonizing moment of dead silence . then , with a anguish howl , she dash to the lady room . kate get up and go rush in after she . and , back out in the restaurant , a pair of foot get up and step gingerly over the remain of somebody 's angel hair pasta . second later , with a enormous wet orange spot on she dress , faith burst out of the lady room . and discover he 's go . the woman bolt out the door , just in time to glimpse a man in a navy jacket disappear down the subway stair in the distance . in hot pursuit , faith fling off she heel and send they fly . one of they bonk a passer - by , another man clad in a white shirt and carry a navy jacket , on the head . we may get only a brief look at this guy , but it 's enough to establish that while he may not be drop-dead gorgeous , any woman with any sense would not kick he out of bed for munch saltine either . there 's a undeniable warmth in he eye . but faith do not see he at all , because as he bend down to pick up she shoe , he disappear from sight in the crowd , and she race madly past he . down the subway stair , into the tunnel -- and into a mob . int . subway tunnel - night she battle she way through the throng , hopping up and down to try to get a overview , but there be no sign of he . she dash from car to car , pound on window , call out he name . until , in a sudden whoosh , the door close , and the train speed off into the night . but she 's still run after it . desperately . until it finally vanish around a corner , out of sight . and she sink to the ground , arm outstretch in the darkness ... in vain . dissolve to : ext . piazza navona - night close on a abandon shoe . a hand pick it up . kate ( o.s. ) I find one . the two of they be wander the piazza . faith put the shoe back on and , with one bare foot , limp over to a table . her dress be stain , she nylon be run , a few stray noodle still cling to she hair . basically , she 's a disaster . as they sit down , kate well , nobody can say we do not try . faith ( not hearing this ) okay , here 's what I think . we find out what all the subway stop for that train be -- the subway system 's really not that big in Rome , we could narrow it down and -- kate ( not believe this ) and then what , faith ? faith and then ... we rent a truck , or a car , either one , and we set up a loudspeaker , and we drive through the surround area , and we page he . simple as that . kate just stare at she , dumbfounded . faith what ?... my hair ? when , o.s. I like the style . I just do not think this color work for I . they look up . it 's the stranger in white with she other shoe in he hand . faith oh. ( reach for it ) thank you . damon allow I . he kneel down and place the shoe on she foot . then gaze up into she eye . faith thanks very much . ( back to kate ) so what do you think ? kate look at he . kind of charme . kate that be really sweet ... faith I mean about my idea . kate I think it 's time we get some professional help . faith ( nodd ) like a detective . kate no ... like a psychiatrist . faith ( look around ) do not be silly . how 's a psychiatrist gonna find he ? he 's still kneel there . faith ( to he again ) thank you . now go away . he sit down at a table nearby . stare over at faith . she spot a italian policeman , or carabiniere , stand at the edge of the piazza . faith I be gonna go see what I can find out about speaker rental . she get up , the stranger get up , as if to follow . she look at he like he 's nut . faith Excuse I . step around he to head toward the cop . he sit back down . damon ( to kate ) so , what 's the story with you friend ? kate ( watch she in amazement ) my friend have lose she fuck mind ... damon what 's she do ? kate turn to he , kate she 's try to find out where she can rent a loudspeaker . damon what for ? kate so she can drive through the street of Rome paging the man of she dream . he laugh . damon no , really . what 's she do ? kate really . she think he 's here . even though she 's never meet he . even though she 's never laid eye on he . damon ( still not believe she ) seriously . kate just look at he . damon oh. well , what 's wrong with that ? he gaze over at she , gesticulate wildly in the distance . damon only ... if she 's never meet this guy , what make she think he 's perfect for she ? kate just shake she head . do not ask . damon be they pen pal ? kate no . damon be he some kind of celebrity or something ? kate no . damon do he do some anonymous good deed for she ? a exasperate sigh . kate she get he name off a ouija board when she be eleven . she hold out she palm . what can I tell you ? a beat . then , damon what be he name ?... faith come trudging back , in tear . faith he say it would take at least six month to get a permit for a loudspeaker . and , you have to get the Pope to approve it . defeat , she pick up she purse . faith let 's just go . kate put she arm around she and they start walk . the stranger grab he jacket off the back of he chair . tag after they . damon ( anxiously ) will you be stay in Rome long ? she do not respond . damon you friend say you be look for someone ? ( at she side ) maybe I can help you track he down . I speak a little italian . and I have a friend who work at the embassy . maybe we could -- she 's try to wave down a taxi . faith thank you , but I really do not want any help . damon what 's he name ? I will look into it for you . I could give you a call . a cab slow to a stop in front of they . faith look , I appreciate the offer , but -- she reach for the door . he 's stand in the way . damon just tell I he name ... she blow she nose noisily . faith ( to get rid of he ) damon Bradley . he stare at she . damon ( stunne ) but , that 's -- I be damon Bradley ... still wiping she nose , she notice the jacket in he hand , then look up into he eye . the wind rustle through the tree . faith you be ... he nod . amaze . francesca and you be the biggest mess I have ever see . she reach for she hair . francesca I find that very attractive . and she faint . Dead away . int . restaurant - night have regain consciousness , faith be across a candlelit table from he . they be engross in conversation . in each other ' eye . tables around they have all emptied . a waiter in the background be try to prop he eye open . damon' mother ... come so close and yet just miss each other . do you know what I mean ? do she know what he mean ... damon' mother there 's this poem by rilke , I do not remember the whole thing , but it 's about that . about wait for that person , and wonder if you will ever find they . and the last line of it go , " who know ? perhaps the same bird echoed through both of we , yesterday -- faith -- separate , in the evening ... " damon' mother ( slowly , spellbound ) yes . dissolve to : montage . to the Beatles ' " I will " pension divino amore - faith hop out damon 's car . he wait . she dash inside , practically skip . moment later , have change clothes , float back out and they take off again . up above , kate watch wistfully out the window . dry cleaners - dwayne be there try to pick up he stuff . the clerk be hold out a ticket . " you have to have one of this . " the forum - the sun be come up over the ruin . faith and damon stroll through they . damon pull out a " doggie bag " . set down a little container of pasta for the wild cat that roam Rome . mcdonald - Rome 's golden arch . kate be munch on a Big Mac , and work on a postcard : " dear Larry , " . somebody cruise by she table , snake out a hand , reach for she purse . without so much as a upward glance , she flick out a leg and trip he . campo dei fiori market - the enormous outdoor market where everything from orchid , to watermelon , to live eel and octopus be in abundant display . damon busy faith a gardenia . she put it in she hair . giolitti - a gelateria . kate 's eat ice cream . still work on the postcard : " dear Larry " . nothing more . finally crumple it up . the spanish step - faith and damon be sit on the edge of the step watch the street show that be Rome , when a local approach with a Polaroid . selling picture . they pose . faith my hair 's kind of a mess , be not it ? damon' mother you hair ... be perfect . he lean in and kiss she . and from this angle , except for the clothes , they look a awful lot like rodin 's version , as the frame freeze . close on the photo . she look up from it . faith you do not think this be just infatuation , do you ? francesca oh no. ( beat ) do you ? faith no . he take she hand . both a little unnerve , they walk . until , damon' mother but ... just to be sure , maybe we ought to shatter each other 's unrealistic image of perfection . you know , each of we admit something embarrassing about ourselves . faith okay . good idea . you first . francesca I first ? alright , well , ( beat ) something embarrassing , right ? something we do not want to admit in public . she nod . he think a moment . then , francesca ( sheepish ) I be a liberal . she look at he with amazement . faith I be a liberal ! francesca ( disbely ) no ... faith ( solemnly ) my car bumper have never hold a win sticker . they gaze deeply at one another . francesca well , as long we both know we be go into this with we eye wide open ... dissolve to : ext . via margutta - twilight a lantern - light street of 18th century facade . a faint breeze stir the tree above . strain of opera float out a window . faith be look around . finally , though they be not overlook anything , faith you be right . this be a really pretty view . he smile . damon' mother not this . he lead she out to the center of the street . tilt he head back . she follow and they walk , with they neck crane back , like two drunken sailor , like two kid . damon' mother this ... and up above , in the house and apartment lining either side of the street , visible through the unshutter window , be gild ceiling and candlelit vault of angel . and beyond that , the star-studded , indigo summer sky . it 's all a matter of how you look at it . int . pension bar - night kate 's down at the bar , talk to the italian bartender . kate so , you be say you think I should call he . he draw a beer . bartender he be you husband , no ? kate yes , but ... he be have a affair . bartender si. so what ? he pick up a napkin and set the glass down on it . kate the point be , he be sleep with another woman . beat . bartender uh huh . how much clearer can she make it ? kate they be have sex . finally , it dawns on he . bartender ( nodd gravely ) she be you sister . kate no , she be not my sister . bartender ( shaking he head in sympathy ) you mother . kate of course not . bartender ( another stab ) you grandmother ? kate look , she be not a relative , okay ? I do not know who she be . Big deal . he roll he eye and dismiss it with a wave of he hand . kate so , how much longer ' till Giovanni get back ? ext . the trevi fountain - night it 's all light up . and desert at this late hour . the water glow , ethereal blue . they sit at the edge , bare foot dangle in . damon pick up one of she shoe . damon' mother I think I will have it bronze . she smile . then sober . damon' mother what ?... faith I feel like I have be wander in the desert for as long as I can remember . with nothing but emptiness around I , wind and sun ... and suddenly , out of the blue , somehow I have find the oasis . he take she face in he hand . solemnly , almost mystically , kiss she eye ... she mouth ... until , faith there be one other thing you should know about I . francesca nothing you could say would change the way I feel . faith I be engage . I be suppose to be marry in two day . francesca except possibly that . she get up . heavy with guilt . faith and , he 's a friend of yours . it 's dwayne . francesca dwayne ? faith dwayne pinsley . from high school . that 's how I know you be here . when you call , from the airport . damon' mother oh , right . dwayne . ( beat ) you be engage to dwayne ? faith ( like she 's try to explain a affair ) it just happen . I do not plan it . I be alone . and he be ... there . but now everything 's change . I owe it to he to let he know . I need to tell he . damon' mother you be sure ... faith I have never be more sure of anything in my life . he smile . damon' mother good . faith let 's find a telephone . damon' mother sure -- but , before you do that , since we be put all we card on the table , I have a confession to make , too . she pause , faith okay . he look at she worriedly . faith do not be afraid . you can tell I . damon' mother you be sure ... faith we find each other , do not we ? damon' mother ( hesitantly ) yes . we do . faith ( a whisper ) it 's alright ... this be we destiny . he take a deep breath . damon' mother okay . okay , the thing be ... I be not exactly ... I mean -- only in the most literal sense -- I be not damon Bradley . the fountain just drop twenty foot . faith ( stare straight ahead ) what ? damon' mother my name be not damon Bradley . I just tell you it be damon Bradley . faith ( numbly ) what be it ? peter it 's Peter wright . he heave a sigh of relief . draw she to he again . peter Boy , be I glad that 's over with . she 's freeze . he 's notice this . until she extricate herself from he arm . peter ( to himself ) I have a feel this be gonna be a problem . ( to she ) you be upset , right ? she shoot he a look . start put on she shoe . peter everything else be true . I swear . I be a liberal . I do live in Boston . I be a zoologist . I do see " local hero " fifteen time . I be single . I do not believe in Scientology and I do not smoke . but , okay , I admit it , meat culpa , I lie about one little thing . she run out to the street . start wave for a cab . faith one little thing ? you call you identity one little thing ? follow after she , peter you have never lie ? beat . faith that 's not the point . peter you say whatever it be you would understand . faith that be before I find out what it be . a taxi approach . peter you be leave ? no response . peter wait -- let 's put this in perspective . you be go to let a few little letter keep we apart ? no response . the cab stop . peter ( grasp at straw ) look , if the name 's that much of a problem , why do not you just call I that ? it will be my nickname . she open the taxi door . faith ( on the brink of tear ) how could you do this to I ? peter ( innocently ) I be in love with you . faith oh , come on ... what kind of a excuse be that ? and this time , the door slam in he face . ext . pension lobby - night the cab pull up . faith get out , drag into the hotel , look shell - shocked . from the bar , kate spot she and rush over . dissolve to : int . pension bar - minute later kate and faith be both at the bar , stare off into the distance . get bomb . kate yeah . sociopath . they be able to figure out what you want they to be and then they act like that . faith ( tearfully ) but how could he know ? he only just meet I . kate Men have way . kate shake she head . kate what a drag . you finally meet the man of you dream and he turn out to be a pathological liar . faith wail . int . peter' bedroom - night he 's on the telephone . peter still busy ? okay , can I leave another message , please ? ( beat ) alright , the message be , would she rather have the wrong guy with the right name or the right guy with the wrong name ? ( beat ) no -- no , no . they alternate , see ? it 's the wrong guy -- int . pension room - night close on the receiver , off the hook . faith be in bed , wide awake , stare mournfully up at the ceiling . dissolve to : ext . pension room - the following morning kate be on she way out the door . she open it -- to find Peter outside in the hallway , carry a bouquet of flower the size of a refrigerator . peter ( move past she ) I have to talk to she . kate she 's not here . peter where be she ? kate she go out to check into skywrite . I can not believe you lie . be this a genetic thing , man will say anything just to get laid ? peter no ! that 's not fair . that 's not it at all . look , something somewhere get screw up . maybe some metaphysical wire get cross . I may not have the right name , but I be there . I be the guy . I be -- skywrite ?? she eye he skeptically . kate you do not think this would be a problem ? he start pace . peter it be a emergency . I only lie that night because it be the only way I know to stop she . I know if I do not , I would never see she again . kate good strategy . peter do you know I be not even suppose to be in Rome ? my boss be suppose to come to this conference , and at the last minute he get the measle . the measle . who get the measle at forty - three ? so they send I . and I be not suppose to be in that piazza that night either . I would go to the movie , only it be sell out . so I be wander around . just wander ... when I get hit in the head with this shoe . he gaze out at the Roman skyline , peter and then I see she . and all I know be , when I look in she eye I see something ... light . and life and passion and yearn . and something else I can not even put my finger on , something I would never see before -- kate mania . peter whatever . and I think , please God , give I a sign , give I some way to keep this woman from get into that taxi and disappear from my life forever . and he do . she tell I the name . grant , it be not my name , but it be a start . he turn to kate . peter and if that 's not destiny , I do not know what be . kate ( touch ) that 's really romantic . she place a consol hand on he shoulder , kate too bad she hate you gut . start lead he toward the door . peter it 's just a name for chrissake . the whole thing be so ludicrous . for all she know , this guy could be the biggest loser on the face of the planet . he could have a criminal record . ( throw up he hand ) he could think Ronald Reagan be a great president . kate shrug . peter I mean , realistically , what be the odd that this be a terrific guy ? kate ( flatly ) ten billion to one . beat . there 's a knock at the door . she open it . it 's Giovanni -- with a single rise . giovanni guess who-oooo ... he see Peter and the other flower . giovanni oh . kate ( quickly ) Giovanni , this be faith 's friend , Peter . giovanni oh , hello. ( to kate ) I just come by to see if you want to join I for a drink , but -- kate I would love to . she head for the door . peter ( plead eye ) please . you have get to help I . she consider he . kate I will see what I can do . int . cockpit of a teeny tiny plane - day faith be strapped into the passenger seat of a miniscule two -seater . White -knuckle . stare wide - eye out the window at a faint trail of vapor . faith ( over the roar of the engine ) be you sure people be gonna be able to read this ?... the pilot nod . the plane go into a dive . faith 's eye roll back in she head . ext . pension terrace - day kate and Giovanni be at a table , overlook the dome of the city , bath in the honey late afternoon light . Giovanni 's point out the sight . a plane buzze overhead . kate look up . some faint gibberish be be scattered to the wind . she shake she head . Giovanni take she hand . kate ( a little nervously ) do not you have to be get back to work ? his eye sparkle . giovanni it 's siesta . kate oh. giovanni you see , in America they care for work , they live to work . but in Italy , they care for food , for love , for pleasure ... his lip graze she wrist . kate how old be you ? giovanni what do the year matter ? I have know you for century ... int . pension lobby - afternoon faith enter . her hair look like she stick she finger in a light socket . she 's hand a enormous stack of message . Peter , Peter , Peter , etc . there be a lot of cross-outs . she force herself to drop they into the trash on she way up the stair . then open she door and see the flower . she finger one , momentarily soften , then turn resolute . she pull she suitcase from beneath the bed and be unzipping it when kate enter , grin from ear to ear . kate hi-iii ... faith hi . where have you be ? kate sightsee ... ( sober as she realize ) what be you do ? faith pack . kate why ? faith because I have be kid myself . because I realize you be right from the beginning . this whole thing be just a wild goose chase . kate so , you have have a little bad luck . faith a little bad luck ? kate okay , a lot of bad luck . but that mean the odd be probably in you favor now . this be no time to give up . faith smile wanly . start pull stuff out of drawer . faith why do they read kid fairy tale in the first place ? Children be very impressionable , you know . kate so you be just quit ? just like that ? faith pause . faith I think you be the one who do not think I should have come in the first place . kate I know , but ... faith it be a ouija board , remember ? kate ( softly ) ... and a fortune teller . faith yeah , well , obviously it be not mean to be . I have get forty - eight hour . I can still make it home in time to marry dwayne and try to forget any of this ever happen . kate what about Peter ?... faith Peter ? Peter be a mistake . a imposter . faith the last dead end in a long series of dead end that I be relieved to finally be leave behind . ( glance up ) May as well start pack , we cab 's gonna be here in a hour . kate who say I be go ? faith what ? kate I be just not ready to go home quite yet , that 's all . there 's a tap at the door . Giovanni poke he head in . giovanni you ready , kate ? oh , hi , faith . do you do something different to you hair ? kate shake she head . kate he promise to take I on a tour of the fountain ... ( beat ) but I do not have to go . faith look at the two of they . realizing . faith no . no , you go ahead . kate you sure you will be okay ? faith I be sure . and kate , thank you for come . thank you for be such a good friend . kate ( squeezing she hand ) I will be back before you leave . she and Giovanni exit . faith pick up the telephone . faith Long distance operator , please . int . dwayne's apartment - day the phone ring . the answer machine pick it up . phone machine " hi , it 's dwayne . do not be a heel , leave a message . " beep . damon ( o.s. ) hi , dwayne . it 's I . I be just call to say I be on my way home . int . pension divino amore - sunset faith 's eye drift to the window . faith the situation here be look pretty hopeless . I guess she 's give up . ( catch herself ) so , it 's Flight number 966 . it get in at one tomorrow . I will see you then . click . ext . street of rome - twilight faith be take the same walk that be so magical the night before . but it 's not the same . she take a few step , tilt she head back , and -- trip . she 's hold she foot in pain when , o.s. kate tell I you be go home . be that true ? she look up , see Peter . turn around and start limping briskly back towards she hotel . peter ( tagging after she ) be it ? no response . peter ( realize ) you be limping . faith I know I be limping . I stubbed my toe . peter be you okay ? you want some help ? faith no . peter you be leave , be not you ? no response . peter why can not you just tell I ? faith if it 's any of you business , yes . peter yes ?! to be marry , I suppose . faith yes . peter to the foot doctor . faith yes . he stop in front of she . look she straight in the eye . peter why ? a long beat . faith ( step around he ) because I know who dwayne be , and he 's reliable and stable and want to marry I . peter ( dismissingly ) he 's safe . faith so ?! be there something wrong with loving somebody who 's safe ? peter ( follow she ) do he love you ? faith he want to marry I , do not he ? peter you do not answer my question . faith ( exasperate ) why be you ask I this ? peter because I would like to think at least one of you feel that way . do he know who you be ? he touch she arm . she pull it away . peter ( utterly serious ) you stubbed you toe , do not you think that 's a sign ? faith what ? peter he 's a podiatrist . pain be you body 's way of tell you something be wrong . you toe be try to tell you not to do it . she roll she eye , continue limping . peter there must be something I can do , something I can say to make this up to you ?... just tell I what it be , I will say it . I will do it . I do not want you to hate I . faith ( soften , she stop ) look , Peter , I do not hate you . but what we have be a illusion . mutual wishful think . we both want to believe it for awhile , but it be all found on a lie . peter so ? faith so it be not real . peter what about the oasis in the desert ? be you tell I that be a lie ? faith no , that be not a lie . that be ... ( almost more to herself ) a mirage . she look at he . then , softly , sadly , faith do not you see ?.. we be not the one who be mean to be . ( earnestly ) you be the man of somebody else 's dream . peter because I do not have the right name ?! she start walk again . faith I be go home . I never should have come here in the first place and I be go home . he call after she . peter fine. okay . forget I . leave I out of it . but do not go throw you life away on somebody you do not love . faith ( she turn ) who say I do not love he ?... a long beat . peter I see . well then , go home . get marry . I hope you will be very happy . and he walk quickly away , disappear into the shadow . she start to call after he , but he 's already go . ext . HOTEL lobby - night faith be wait in the lobby as a cab pull up outside . we watch from a distance as she hug kate goodbye . the driver come in , pick up she bag , and she drag out the door behind he . int . cab - night faith be stare forlornly out the car window as the driver get in , turn over the engine . they be pull away when someone run out into the street , arm wave madly . peter ( run alongside the window ) you can not go . the cab be speed up . faith why not ? peter because . I know where he be . it screech to a halt . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - night Peter 's help she bring she thing back inside . peter ( out of breath ) I go back to that restaurant and I speak with he waiter , just on a off chance , you know , and , anyway - - he know the name of the guy 's hotel . so , I call there , they say he leave yesterday . but , apparently he come here every year , always follow the same route . he always go from here down the coast to the Le sirenuse hotel in positano . I call . and they tell I he 's check in . faith where 's positano ? peter it 's in the south . I have still get my rental car . I can get you there by morning ... faith oh no , I do not think that would be a good idea . peter look , I know there 's no go back for we . that 's not it . I just want to make this up to you . clear my relationship karma . and I know the area , I have get some cousin down there . please . let I do this for you . let this be my gift to you . she search he eye . faith why ? peter because -- I want you to be happy . int . dwayne's apartment - day the answer machine be recording faith 's message . damon ( o.s. ) dwayne , you be still not there ?... I be really hope we could talk . ( more ) damon ( cont would ) ( beat ) I want to tell you she 's make a unexpected recovery , but she 's a little confuse and she need I to stay here one more day . just to be sure . int . HOTEL lobby - night kate 's in the lobby . kate Peter find he ? faith yes . be not that amazing ? kate look over at he . he shrug . kate amazing ... faith he 's down in someplace call positano . Peter say we can make it there by morning . as they head out the door , Peter turn quietly to kate , peter ( relishing this ) he 's travel with he mother ... ext . road - night they speed down darken the highway , faith and Peter in the front seat , kate and Giovanni in the back . the wind in they hair . peter the guy at the hotel tell I he always wear a gold medallion , and usually have a book or magazine with he . faith ( to herself , encourage ) he like to read ... ( to he ) do he mention anyone in particular ? beat . peter uh , I would rather not say . faith tell I . peter I would really rather not say . faith please . I need to know . peter ( give in ) mickey spillane . faith ( a little unnerve ) mickey spillane ? peter or hustler . the car shoot down the road . ext . amalfi coast - dawn they drive past sheer cliff drop off to silvery rock , azure seas , transparent depth . around hairpin turn skirt the Gulf of salerno , before finally wind into the impossibly beautiful seaside town of positano . a enchant land of steep hillside overgrown with lemon tree , jasmine , bouganvilla ... cliff hang villas ... emerald and sapphire grottoe ... cerulean sky ... heaven on earth . ext . le sirenuse HOTEL - day another " lifestyle " hotel . a elegant old villa perch above the village and the deep blue sea . the four of they head for the desk , where kate cheerfully plunk down Larry 's credit card . kate Joan Collins stay here . faith ( to concierge ) be damon Bradley here ? concierge Si . a la piscina . he gesture towards the terrace . peter he 's out by the pool right now . faith ( nervously ) right now ? peter oh , and I forget to tell you . he 's here with he mother . she check she hair , start adjust it in the reflection of a window . then peek around the corner . angle on a man recline on a lounge chair . we start at the foot which do not quite reach the end of the chair . move up the leg , past the pot belly , to , sure enough , a enormous gold medallion rest on he chest . a fringe of hair skirt the perimeter of he head -- and he back . a copy of mickey spillane 's latest rest on a table next to he . he 's lie back , eye close . this be damon Bradley . this be him ... Peter smile broadly . faith 's face fall . kate that 's he ?! faith elbow she . kate that 's the guy you have be wait for all this year ? peter ( eat this up ) be not you gonna go introduce yourself ? faith ( not particularly anxious to ) of course . she do not move . peter do you want I to do it ? faith no . she take a good look . swallow hard . reluctantly approach . faith hi ... he do not look up . she stand awkwardly over he , look back at kate for support . faith uh-hem , excuse I , hello ... he crack one eye , squint up at she . man at pool you be in my sun . faith ( hopping out of the way ) oh. sorry . he close he eye . faith pardon I , but ... he squint up again . man at pool what ? beat . faith ( like a idiot ) do you have the time ? he eyeball she like she 's some sort of curious life form . man at pool do I look like I be wear a watch ? he do not . faith no , I guess not . I just think maybe -- when someone at the edge of the pool call out , o.s. hey , damon . but the person she 's talk to do not respond . instead , somebody else , another man who would be do lap in the pool , emerge . he yeah ? this be no ordinary mortal , this be a live monument to mankind . he could have model for Michelangelo . mel Gibson feel like jo-jo-the - Dog - face - Boy next to this guy . the guy in the calvin klein ad -- okay , let 's say he look like one of that guy . kate 's eye shift to Peter , who suddenly sober . back at the pool , a little kid be talk to damon . little kid thanks for let I borrow this . the kid set the spillane tome back on he chair . he no problem . he get out and start toweling off , a halo of sunlight glisten off he tan , muscular body ; reflect in the deep green pool of he eye . she grab hold of a nearby chair as she knee start to give way . faith ( barely audible ) you be damon Bradley ? he uh huh . oh . my. goddd . it 's now or never . she take a deep breath . let it out . faith Excuse I . it 's never . she go run back inside . kate ( whisper loudly ) whatareyoudoing ?! faith ( spinelessly ) what if he do not like I ? kate it mean you be a completely worthless excuse for a human be , and the fate have all conspire to make you miserable . faith my God ... you be right . kate faith , I be kid . ( stop she ) be this how you plan to get what you want from life ? when you finally find it , you turn and run away from it ? she gaze fearfully back out to the terrace . peter hey , if she do not wanna meet he , she do not wanna meet he . kate glare at he . take faith by the shoulder . kate you have overcome everything it take to get here . every obstacle to reach this moment . this fateful moment . now , it 's in you hand . she point toward the terrace . kate be that what you want ? be this a trick question ? kate then go get it . ext . pool - moment later he 's pick up he thing . o.s. hi again ... he look up . he ( perfectly friendly ) hello . faith ( nervously finger she necklace ) beautiful place ... he sure be . a pause . faith be here long ? he just since yesterday . faith I just get here , too . not yesterday . but , just now . today . just a few minute ago . ( look around ) yeah , we just get here ... I mean , I just get here . I be single . he look at she . uh huh . faith ( chicken out ) well , I will probably be see you around , then . she start to skulk away . he ( politely ) I hope so . she pause , turn , faith I be wonder ... ( not look at he ) do you have dinner plan ? he tonight ? faith ( she eye tentatively meet he ) any night . he well , not exactly ... faith would you be willing to have dinner with I ? a slow smile creep across he lip . why not ? he sure . faith ( somehow maintain ) you would ? really ? he nod . faith okay . okay , how about I meet you at the restaurant at the base of the stair at , say , 8:30 ? a smile that would melt nome in January , he I will look forward to it . faith ( back away ) okay . good . see you then , then . she 's about to trip over a chaise lounge . he wait . faith yes ? he be not you go to tell I who you be ? faith ( step forward ) oh , faith . my name 's faith . he ( extend a hand ) it 's a pleasure to meet you , faith . he take she hand . kiss it . Peter roll he eye . she turn around and dash back inside . we hear a ear-splitt shriek of excitement come from inside the hotel . damon smile to himself . ext . positano - day the jet-setter have sardinia , this be a resort with bohemian root and small town charm . a barber set he chair in the street outside he shop . a workman be polish the bronze mermaid out in front of " sire Travel " . " two gentlemen from verona " be be perform at the community theatre . housewive open shutter , shopkeeper sweep storefront of fruit stand , pottery and linen shop . Men carry armload of flower , box of lemon and gleam fish to market . Children play at the edge of the sea . mayberry in Italy . kate and Giovanni be down at the beach , frolick in the water . and faith be strolling through town , float on air . she spot a dress in a clothing store window . int . clothing shop - day faith emerge from a dress room in something summery and flow . she look beautiful . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - sunset a jar of green goo . faith 's plaster one of that green clay mask to she face . her dress be hang on the door . she 's get roller in she hair . she and kate be get ready for dinner . faith do you see he eye ? I have never see eye that green . and he be so nice . do you see how nice he be ? he be really nice . there 's a knock at the door . she freeze . kate I think you be meeting he there ? panick , faith dash to the bathroom , start frantically rinsing off the mask . faith that 's what I think . kate open the door . it 's Peter . kate oh , it 's you . ( to faith ) it 's only Peter . peter thanks . kate sorry ... relieved , faith step out from behind the bathroom door , still wiping green stuff off she face . faith hi , Peter . peter hi. a awkward beat . faith come on in . he do . peter so . you find he . faith you find he . I do not know how to thank you . he shrug . peter well , it look like we both luck out . I just meet somebody myself . somebody my aunt introduce I to . faith ( a little surprised ) oh . that 's nice . peter yeah . beat . peter and she 's a knock - out , too . faith well , good . good for you . peter anyway , that 's why I come by . I need to fix this button . do you have a needle and thread ? this be pretty transparent , but she politely play along . as she start look through she stuff , he start idly finger they toiletry . smell she perfume , etc . peter so , you be go to dinner ? she nod . peter where be you go ? just -- out of curiosity ... faith just to that place down at the bottom of the stair . nothing fancy . she hand he the needle and thread . peter oh , thanks . ( really try ) well , have a good time . faith ( heartfelt ) you too . as he exit , peter hey -- faith what ? peter Nice dress . faith ( gracious and indebted ) thank you , Peter . thank you so much . he nod and leave . she look at kate . faith emerge from she room and start down the steep hillside stair that lead to the village . light along the shore be beginning to glitter ; a warm breeze flow in like silk . it 's the sort of moment and sort of place where all dream seem within reach . down below she can see he wait for she outside the restaurant door . she pause a moment to take it all in . he look up and see she . blow a kiss up to she . she practically swoon . as she arrive at the foot of the stair , he take she hand , he you look like a goddess . int . buca DI bacco restaurant - twilight a open-air place , overlook the sea . wave crash . moonlight glisten on the water . guitarist stroll by , sing sentimental neopolitan ballad . it 's all almost too good to be true . they be lead to a table and he pull out she chair . the perfect gentleman . a waiter come over to welcome they . ask if they would like a drink . he ( to faith ) wine ? she 's a little giddy . faith sure . he ( to the waiter ) brunello di montalcino , ' 85 , please . back to she . he ( lean forward ) you know , I notice you out at the pool even before we speak . I could sense the chemistry between we . faith ( a little flustered ) really ? he ( bedroom eye ) really ... dissolve to : the waiter arrive with the wine . pour . she raise a glass . faith well , to -- new friend . he and more ... they toast . faith so , I guess you be probably wonder why I ask you to dinner ... he set down he glass . he not really . happens to I all the time . a awkward laugh . it probably do . damon pick up he menu , scan the price . he well , fuck I . she must be hearing thing . faith Excuse I ? he nothing . ( clear he throat ) price be a little steep here , be not they ? faith do not worry about it . you be my guest . she pick up she menu . faith what look good ? he ( peruse it ) hmmmm ... well , the scampi sound good ... faith you like shrimp ? I like shrimp . small world . they're still ponder they option when another couple stroll in and be lead to the table directly next to theirs . it 's Peter and he date , francesca . and this time he be tell the truth . she 's stun . all suntan leg and skintight spandex . beam , he pull out she chair . faith just stare at he . as he move around the table to sit down , he eye catch hers . peter ( sotto ) what ?... faith ( hiss ) what be you do here ? peter we be hungry . she turn she back on he . he ( look up from he menu ) so what do you think ? faith ( distract ) uh , the scampi sound good to I , too . o.s. damon . there you be . a elephant of a woman approach , damon wave she over . he ( to faith ) I do not think you would mind ... she proceed to plant herself at they table . he faith , this be my mother . faith oh , hello . he mommy , this be faith . try to conceal she surprise , faith politely extend a hand . faith Nice to meet you , Mrs. Bradley . Peter drop he napkin , lean over towards faith to retrieve it , peter ( whisper into she ear ) " mommy " ? dissolve to : later . they food have arrive . francesca be rub Peter 's leg under the table . faith be try to ignore this . faith so , you say you have be to Italy before ? he a few time . it 's kind of a annual tradi-- peter ( to damon ) pardon I , but could we borrow you salt ? faith glare at he . he sure . he hand it over . faith you be say ... peter ( to damon ) Boy , that look tasty . what be that ? he ( chew ) scampi . damon' mother damon . not with you mouth full . peter scampi , huh ? I love scampi . I practically always get it in this seafood place . be that good scampi ? damon nod . swallow . he you want to try some ? peter ( pleased with himself ) sure . I will trade you some of my pasta . they start cheerily exchange portion . dissolve to : later still . the candle have burnt low . the plate be be clear . francesca and Peter be feed each other dessert . giggle . damon snap he finger at a waiter . he El checko , por favor . annoy , the waiter total up they tab and start to hand it to he . damon motion towards faith . she take it , start pull out lire as he and he mother get up . peter say , I see where they have motor boat for rent down in the harbor . why do not we all go for a evening cruise around the bay ? faith I do not know if that 's such a-- damon and he mother ( in unison ) great idea ! faith be still count as damon and he mother , Peter and francesca all head for the door . she finally finish , hurry to she foot to catch up with Peter , faith ( at he side ) why be you do this ? peter I just want to keep a eye on you . the guy 's a total stranger , remember ? faith so be you . peter exactly . ( beat ) besides , no hard feeling . you find somebody . I find somebody . I think we could double . ext . HOTEL room terrace - evening kate and Giovanni be dining outside on the vine- cover terrace . giovanni this be back when I be in school , you take that test , you know ? they say I should go into physical therapy . ( he take a bite ) or wood -work . she look confuse . giovanni ( simply ) I be good with my hand . the phone ring . kate hold that think . kate go inside to pick it up . kate hello ? ext . restaurant - night faith at a pay phone outside the restaurant . faith kate . thank God you be there . I need help . int . HOTEL room - night kate uh huh ... okay , we will be there . how be he , anyway ? ext . restaurant - night faith glance over at damon -- as he pinch a woman walk by . faith it 's still a little too early to say ... ext . a boat in the tyrrhenian sea - night kate and Giovanni be here . damon 's mother be in the corner . snore . damon be pontificate on global policy to Peter . he irregardless of the politics . it 's time we stop dick around . I be tell you , nuculear be the only way out . peter but do not you think that 's a little short - sighted ? kate ( sotto , to faith ) not only be he a momma 's boy and a fascist , he say " nuculear " and " irregardless " . faith no one 's perfect , kate . kate and he be live proof . faith no , I think maybe you have be right . I think I may have be too critical in the past . damon belches loudly . kate faith , if I may say so , you pick a helluva time to come to this realization . he ( o.s. ) human rights , shmuman rights . faith ( hope spring eternal ) maybe I can change he . kate I think this be suppose to be the one guy in the world you would not need to change . they stare over at he . faith maybe if I kiss he I will feel it . kate or maybe it will turn he back into a toad . dissolve to : later . francesca be idly run she finger through Peter 's hair . faith well , what about book ? you like hemingway ? you gotta love hemingway . peter the Sun also rise . for whom the Bell toll . the Old man and the -- he he 's alright . for a closet homo . faith 's jaw muscle tighten slightly as she try to take this in stride . faith how about music ? you like classical ? peter the Boston pop . season ticket . damon yawn . faith well , how about that old romantic movie with that great star , huh ? like audrey hepburn . peter actually , I think I prefer Katherine hepburn . he audrey be cool . finally . she smile . damon spit noisily over the side . he too bad she do not have any tit . dissolve to : kate be list thing . faith and damon be nodd they head , yes and no . never in unison . kate Baseball . carmelcorn . organize religion . sting . grape-flavor candy . the marx Brothers . Long foreplay . garden . drum solos . dogs. mai tais . dissolve to : kate , check she list . kate amazing . with the exception of fruitcake , which , let 's be honest , everybody hate , ( look up ) you two have absolutely nothing whatsoever in common . ( re-check she list ) that 's get to be almost statistically impossible . francesca and Peter be up towards the bow of the boat , cavort , hang on each other . faith be face they , with she back to damon . faith ( not want to look ) what 's he do now ? kate peer over she shoulder . kate he 's tear the wing off a moth and make it walk around . faith bury she head in she hand . dissolve to : faith be stand at the railing alone , gaze out at the open ocean . when she feel someone sidling up next to she . he so , what be we wait for ? faith what ? he let 's face it . you want I . he place a hand on she breast . she let out a blood-curdling scream . Peter come run to she rescue . haul off and deck he . ext . dock - night Peter and Giovanni be forcibly drag damon off the boat , down the dock . still onboard , she and kate watch they go , in a daze . faith ( numbly ) he 's a jerk . kate yes . he be . faith I spend my whole life wait for a creep . kate yup . faith I come all the way to Italy in search of a weasel . kate ( still watch they go ) when you could have find one in America . francesca step past they off the boat . francesca do not feel bad . he be scum . ext . landing - night after the man be out of earshot , we see Peter pull this guy aside . and surreptitiously hand he a envelope . he you do not think that last bit with the bug be a little over the top ? peter not at all . you be perfect . handing he another envelope . peter and thank Mrs. Walker , too . ext . boat - moment later faith and kate be still there , unload a groggy Mrs. Bradley . she go totter down the dock , as Peter return . peter you okay ? faith yeah . peter ( sympathetically ) I guess he turn out to be kind of a loser , huh ? she sigh , nod . peter I be sorry . faith I feel like the world 's biggest idiot . he finish secure the boat . peter why should you be embarrassed ? he be the jerk . she do not believe this , but appreciate the gesture . faith in spite of the way it all turn out , though , I want you to know how much I appreciate you help I find he . I would always have wonder what might have be . he pause . peter yeah . ( then ) well , be the least I could do . faith no , it be more than that . it be very generous of you . it be very kind . his eye meet hers . from the landing , francesca call after he impatiently . peter ( reluctantly ) I better go . faith 's eye shift between the two of they . faith sure . I understand . he touch she shoulder . peter promise I you will not leave without say goodbye . faith no. course not . and with that , he get up , step off the boat and head down the pier with francesca cling to he . she watch they walk away . kate so ... faith so . I guess I have get a wedding to go to . faith step off the boat and walk down the pier , a solitary figure , who finally disappear in the mist . int . HOTEL room - night faith be pack . she pick up she " let 's go Italy " guide , and the polaroid of she and Peter fall out . " the kiss " . she sigh . tuck it back inside the book . she pick up she wallet , open the coin purse , reach in to pull out she engagement ring . as she do , something else fall to the floor . dwayne 's dry cleaning ticket . she stare down at it . then take the ring , place it back in she wallet . and pick up the telephone . int . her mother be home - day her mother be sobbing hysterically . Larry be there . dwayne be there . Leslie be there . Leslie 's eye meet dwayne 's meaningfully . ext . boat - night kate and Giovanni be walk down the pier , hand in hand . he stop she , lean she up against the railing , and plant a massive kiss on she . after she 's manage to catch she breath , kate Giovanni , I want to thank you . giovanni I thank you . he go to kiss she again . kate no , you do not understand . it 's be wonderful meeting you . but ... I have a husband . I have two kid at camp . I have a life I have to go back to . giovanni you do not have to go if you do not want to ... kate but I do want to . he realize where this be not go . tries another tack . giovanni ( hurt ) you think I be just one of that italian casanovas . the guy who try to seduce every woman who come they way . who prey on unhappily marry woman . who lure unsuspecting -- kate Giovanni . giovanni huh ? kate that 's exactly what you be . beat . giovanni be it that obvious ? she smile . kate thank you for make I feel want . she turn , and head up the stair . alone . after a beat , giovanni kate . she look back down , giovanni it be my pleasure . and he start down the street . pass a outdoor cafe . with a attractive woman in it . angle on the woman . o.s . do you believe in love at first sight ?... int . HOTEL room - night faith be in bed . in the darkness . the door open . faith kate be that you ? kate uh huh . faith I do not expect you back so soon . kate close the door . kate well , I realize , if you be get marry , you be gonna be need the may of honor , right ? faith actually , no . there 's not go to be a wedding . kate oh. beat . kate well ... I ought to be get home anyway . the kid will be back from camp soon . the house be probably a mess . faith and Larry ?... kate what about Larry ? faith I do not know . I have just be think ... maybe this destiny thing be more of a do - it- yourself operation . maybe the thing that be mean to be be the thing we want badly enough to fight for . the room be quiet . you can hear the wave in the distance . kate maybe ... dissolve to : ext . HOTEL room - dawn it 's a glorious morning . bird chirp . the sea shimmer in the distance . faith be stand outside a hotel room door . she take a deep breath . knock . it open . Peter . peter hi. faith hi . be you ... busy ? peter no. ( beat ) be you be leave ? faith no . I just come by to apologize . he look at she questioningly . faith it seem like ever since I find out about this guy , this name , I have be kind of crazy . like I be on drug or something . peter I know the feel . faith yeah ... well , anyway , I also want to tell you , I be not get marry . peter you be not ? faith no . I mean yes , I be not . I decide to call it off . well , actually , it be kind of mutual . peter well. congratulation . faith thank you . ( beat ) so , since I have a few more day of vacation leave , I be wonder if maybe you would want to do something sometime . I mean , you know , if you do not have ... other plan . peter be you ask I out ? beat . faith yes . I be . peter ( gently ) in that case ... no ... she look down at the ground . nod . peter I do not have other plan . she look back up . int . HOTEL lobby - day kate go to the desk for she key . the concierge hand it to she , along with something else . a envelope . kate what 's this ? concierge from a admirer ... she hesitantly open it . Inside be a college catalogue . a note : " please turn to page 51 " . puzzle , she open it to page 51 . the sociology section . a class be circle : " tran -gender mode of communication in Post -modern Society " . and another note in the margin : " you want to take it with I ? " larry step into view from around a corner . she look up . tear in she eye . ext . the step - day Peter and faith be overlook the sea , towards capri . peter you can not come to Southern Italy and not see the Blue grotto . faith I just need to run up and get my bathing suit . peter okay . I will meet you at the dock in ten minute . as she dash off , peter hurry ... ext . positano village - day faith be on she way back to she room . she pass the community playhouse where two teenage kid be up on ladder , suspending a banner across the stair announce a new play : " the odyssey " . one kid accidentally drop he end , and it go flutter down across she path . faith stop to retrieve it and be hand it back up to he when she glance at the window where the eight - by - ten of the play 's star be be change . the new star of the show be noneother than damon Bradley . only he name be not damon Bradley . it 's leonard gilinsky . she stare at the photo . and suddenly have trouble breathe . ext . dock - day Peter be wait at the dock . check he watch . int . HOTEL room - day faith be pack . furiously hurl stuff into a suitcase . Peter show up at the door . peter be something the matter ? faith get out !! back behind it , peter ( sotto ) I would call that a yes . ( peek around the corner ) do I get a hint ? faith you want a hint ? I will give you a hint . you be the lowest , most despicable , most reprehensible form of reptilian swine -- peter there 's no such thing . faith what ? peter reptilian swine . there 's no such thing . reptiles be not swine . faith who care ?! you hire a actor ?? peter I do not know what you be talk about . ( a nervous beat ) who tell you that ? faith no one have to tell I . he 's star in the local play . a bead of sweat roll down he neck . faith you do , do not you ? you get somebody to pretend to be he ? tell I the truth . for once . he take a deep breath . peter alright . the truth be ... I think we have something here . faith I can not believe you do that ! peter and I can not believe you be so stubborn and so blind as to let some stranger , some phantom you have never even meet destroy it . faith ( turn on he ) you be the reason I never meet he . you know it be the thing I most want in life and you sabotage it . peter I sabotage it ? you be the one who lose he , remember ? faith well , I might have find he again if I have not leave Rome to make this pointless trip down here with you . peter as I recall , you be on you way home . and I do not want you to go so , yes , I tell you a little white lie . faith a " little white lie " ? a " little white lie " ? peter what would you call it ? faith I would call it -- unforgivable . silence . peter do not you think you be overreact just a little here ? we be talk about love , okay ? let 's be rational . faith rational ?! Love be not rational ! be you crazy ? peter ( throw up he hand ) yes . I be crazy . you have drive I crazy . no one in they right mind would go to this much trouble to win over someone as insane as you . do it ever , even for one second , occur to you how much work it be to set all this up ? how many arrangement have to be make ? how many player have to be coordinate ? faith gee , I be flatter . what a incredibly romantic gesture . cancel the rose , I have decide to lie to she instead . peter very funny . faith no , it be not . I call off my wedding all because of you . a beat . peter ( touch ) really ?... faith ( realize this herself for the first time ) yes . then , peter and this be the thanks I get . I do you a favor . you never want to marry that joker in the first place . faith that 's not the point . ( realize she 's just give herself away ) and what if I have want to ? peter if you have want to , you would have go home . then , more calmly , peter look , I just think if you finally get rid of this obsession with this name , if you could get it out of you system once and for all , then maybe you would be able to stop wait and open you heart to someone real . grant , ideally , I . I do not do it to hurt you . I do it for you . ( beat ) I do it for we ... faith there be no we . his eye harden . peter oh , that 's right . there 's only he . Mr. perfect imaginary man . you know , I give you more credit than you deserve . the truth be , you be in love with the fantasy . you be afraid of something real . and he storm out the door . ext . HOTEL restaurant - day close on a pile of cornball souvenir . a little gondola . a little colosseum . the little liqueur bottle . kate and Larry be at a table . she 's be collect thing for he all along the way . larry be you kid ? all that stuff be for you , kate . it just seem like you be mad at I , so I think maybe if I - - I hate polo ... kate smile . in love with he all over again . larry there 's just one thing I still do not understand . she look at he . larry I do not have a great aunt in Italy . int . HOTEL lobby - day Peter , carry he suitcase , turn in he key to the concierge . Signs he bill . and resignedly exit out the door . angle on the mermaid out in front of " siren TRAVEL " . Inside , faith be wait in line . she step up to the window . on the other side of the counter be damon . that be , be Leonard . faith you ... leonard ( a little uneasy ) hi there ... faith before you start pick you nose , I know he put you up to it . he look disappointed . leonard it be the moth stuff that give it away , do not it ? ( to himself ) I know that be too much . faith no , you give a very convincing performance . and you will be pleased to know that you eight - by- ten glossy be now on display at the local playhouse . leonard my picture 's up ? he convey this to a co-worker in italian . they exchange high -five . faith ( glumly ) congratulation . leonard thanks . faith so , this be what you do ? I mean when you be not play other part ? leonard I take it thing do not work out between the two of you ? she shake she head . leonard that 's a shame . she shrug . heh . faith yeah , well ... anyway , I be here to pick up my ticket . twa , Flight 877 . he start punch it into he computer . leonard be this you first trip here ? she nod . leonard it 's a amazing place , do not you think ? faith amazing . leonard smoke or non-smok ? faith non. ( beat ) please . he nod . leonard lot of history . for example , do you know , accord to legend , this coastline use to harbor siren ? faith hm . leonard beautiful woman who could lure man to they destruction with they sing . nobody 's ever really see they and live to tell about it . but , I do not know . a awful lot of ship wreck on that rock . he shrug . hand she she ticket . leonard well . have a good trip . she nod . distant . and we stay on she face . int . car - day Peter place he suitcase in the car . get in . toss something out the window . a dead gardenia . int . HOTEL restaurant - day kate and Larry . Larry start choke on he campari . larry damon Bradley ? that 's why you be here ? kate what ? you know he ? larry ( chuckle nervously ) it be just a joke . I be push the arrow . I want to get to the next question . I want to find out who be gonna win the Series . kate be you say you just make the whole thing up ? the guy never even exist ? larry he exist . he be some kid I know from Little League . ( muse ) he be a real jerk . ( he look up at she ) you say he 's a friend of dwayne 's ? kate ( nodd ) go to high school with he . but ... kate what about the fortune teller ? dissolve to : ext . carnival night - night twenty year ago . a young faith be sit across from the fortune teller . there 's a pound at the back door . this time we stay with Madame divina , follow she as she get up , march to the back of the booth and throw open the door . stand there be Larry . he whisper something in she ear as he hand she a five dollar bill . larry ( v.o. ) I think she would get a kick out of it . dissolve to : int . HOTEL restaurant - day larry it be a harmless little prank . who in the world would have think she would spend she life wait for this guy ? kate Larry , you have get to tell she . larry I can not tell she . she 's call off she wedding . she will never speak to I again . he look up pleadingly . larry you tell she . faith bound up the step . she race to Peter 's room . pound on the door . no answer . int . HOTEL lobby - day faith dash to the desk , run into kate and Larry . faith Larry ! what be you do here ? ( realize ) Mom send you . larry no. he put a arm around kate . larry I come after the woman I love . kate he miss I . faith smile . he put he other arm around she . larry the two woman I love . how be you , faith ? she 's a little surprised by this outpour of affection . faith I be fine . ( to kate ) have you see Peter ? kate he 's go . he tell I what happen . he just leave for the airport . faith Larry , do you rent a car ? larry yeah -- kate faith . Larry have something he want to tell you about damon Bradley . Larry be violently shaking he head " no " . kate jab he . kate I will leave you two alone . she exit the room . strand he . faith Larry , can I borrow you car key ? larry faith , this guy you think be Mr. right , he 's ... not what you think -- faith do not worry , it 's a long story , but I know who he be . I know where to find he . larry but , faith -- faith please , Larry . I have to hurry . she spot the key lie on the table . grab they , bolt for the door . faith I will bring it back as soon as I can . larry ( call after she ) but faith -- faith what ?... beat . larry ( chicken out ) it 's the red fiat . int . HOTEL - moment later kate and faith 's room . kate she what ?! larry she say she know where to find he , and then she grab my car key , and -- kate and you do not tell she ? larry she do not give I a chance . kate pin he with she eye . larry well , you never know ... ( lamely ) maybe they will hit it off ... ext . driveway of the le sirenuse HOTEL - moment later kate be yanking Larry into a taxi . larry what do you mean we have to stop she before she do something crazy ? ext . amalfi drive - day faith go screeching around a curve . a few beat later , the taxi follow . dissolve to : ext . street of rome - day faith speed through the tangle web of Roman traffic . kate and Larry in close pursuit . ext . rome airport - day faith screech to a halt in the passenger load zone . dash inside . scan the departure screen for a flight to boston . find it : american airline , gate number 7 , " on time " , at 5:00 . she check she watch . it 's 4:57 . she start racing down the corridor . int . jet - day aboard the plane , Peter be settling into he seat . int . airport corridor - day a vend machine . somebody at it with he back to we push the butterfinger button . the " sold out " light blink on . a fist start bang on machine . faith sprint by . oblivious . int . gate 7 - day faith rush to gate # 7 . slap something down on the desk in front of the clerk . faith board pass . blow past he . he stick out a arm . clerk I be afraid you be too late , m'am . she stop . breathe hard . uncomprehend . he look at the pass . clerk and this be not for this airline , either . faith turn to the window to see the portable stair once again be pull away from the cabin door . deja vu . she notice a side door . only this time there be men with machine gun stand guard directly outside it . this , after all , be Rome . with she hand press plaintively against the glass , she watch as the plane taxi away from the gate toward the runway , to join the line - up of other plane wait for take - off clearance . this jet , which we will call " Peter 's " jet , be fifth in line . int . airport terminal entrance - day kate and Larry come barrel in . int . airport gift shop - day faith be buy one of that little portable igloo ice chest . with a " I Italy " logo . and a enormous roll of masking tape . a jet take off . Peter 's jet move up a notch . Three to go . int . gate number 7 - day close on the ice chest . with a lot of tape wrap around it . and large lettering , " medical emergency " " do not OPEN . " and a little red cross . it look pretty tacky . o.s. a heart transplant ?! faith that 's right . she 's be wait a long time . the clerk pick up the ice chest , start try to examine it . faith stop he . faith I be afraid I can not let you do that . heart be very fragile . somebody else come up . a security guard . he and the clerk start converse italian . out the window -- faith see another jet take off . two to go . inside -- faith be anxiously look from one authority to the to other , vainly try to follow they conversation . finally the guard turn to she , carabiniere who be you ? faith I be the cardiologist . the clerk eye the ice chest suspiciously . clerk you do not have that with you before . ( to the guard , point to the chest ) prima non l'aveva con se . faith it be late in arrive . ( with import ) but it 's here now . carabiniere do you have any i.d.? faith look , I have give you my credit card , my passport number . I have pay for the flight . now , while you two sit here cross -examine I , someone 's future be hang in the balance . out on the runway -- the last jet in front of Peter 's be give clearance . it race down the runway and disappear into the sky . and Peter 's jet taxi into position . engine revving furiously . inside -- a whole flock of airport personnel be now confer . a crowd of other onlooker have gather . a few of they start mumble opinion . faith it 's a heart , for godsssake . you guy be italian . do not you get it ? it 's the great gift one human be can give another . be you tell I you be go to stand there and deny she the chance of a lifetime ? a guy in the crowd with a " dianetics " book in one hand and a cigarette in the other , toss in he two cent , onlooker let the nut go ... CUT to : int . jet - day pilot lady and gentlemen , I be afraid we have get a temporary delay . we have a medical emergency and be go to have to head back to the gate . passenger groan . the engine wind down , and the plane taxi off the runway , back toward the terminal . ext . runway - day the portable stair be be wheeled back toward the cabin door . faith be wait inside . triumphant . when , loudspeaker damon Bradley . signore damon Bradley . E pregato di recarsi all ' ufficio informazione . for a moment , for just a fraction of a second , she hesitates . loudspeaker damon Bradley . Mr. damon Bradley , please meet you party at the information booth . then we see the decision have be make . Ice chest in hand , she stride confidently out the door toward the plane , without a backward glance . int . airport information booth - day kate and Larry be wait there . o.s. Larry corbett ? Larry turn , it 's the smoker with the " dianetics " volume . stranger I think that be you . ( he extend a hand ) damon Bradley . remember I ? he call to a woman nearby , damon BRADLEY honey ... ( to Larry ) this be my wife , arlene . ( to she ) Larry and I play in Little League together . int . jet - day faith walk up the step and through the cabin door . she spot Peter seat about halfway back . but he do not see she . he 's stare blankly out the window . she make she way to the open seat next to he . he look up . do a double take . faith I bring you something . something I do not want you to leave without . she sit down . hand he the ice chest . puzzle , he open the cover . Inside be a little chocolate heart . he take it out , look at it . peter I be hope for the real thing . faith I bring you that , too . he look at she . peter you do know you be insane . beat . peter I love that in a woman . and the plane take flight . as we , fade out