Mr. mudd 5225 wilshire Blvd , ste 604 Los Angeles , CA 90036 tel : 323-932-5656 fax : 323-932-5666 young adult by Diablo cody 5th draft 4/10/2010 ext . high school ( fantasy ) -— day music up we fade into a scene with all the stylistic hallmark of a classic dream sequence . a high school on a sprawling , verdant campus . a sign read waverley prep . shiny sport car enter and exit the circular drive . a beautiful student cross the lawn . sunglass disguise she true age -- she might as well be a teenager . she wear a private school uniform ( plaid skirt , blouse , and argyle sock ) and carry a stack of seemingly random book . we hear only the peaceful chirp of bird , the student 's quiet footstep , and the distant , muffle conversation of student . nothing look quite real . * suddenly , we hear a bell ringing . kid quickly to filter * into the school . but we student do not seem to know * where to go . she lower she sunglass , confuse . she * fumble for a CLASS schedule . * the girl glance down at she watch , a gaudy , surreal - look pink rolex that resemble nothing rolex have ever make . the ringing be come from the watch ... * int . condo - morning the ringing continue , grow more shrill . reveal a black old - fashioned alarm clock from restoration hardware . there 's a half - empty wine glass next to the clock . mavis gary stir in bed . she 's mid-thirty , blonde , attractive . though mavis be clearly a adult , we recognize she as the student from the dream . mavis smack the clock with surprising violence , and go back to sleep . the alarm bell ring again , brutal . mavis get up and walk into the bathroom . she 's not * wear any pants or underwear . int . condo ( kitchen ) - same mavis , now wear unflatter pajama pants , enter the kitchen . we see a empty whiskey bottle on the kitchen counter , and a few empty wine bottle . ( continued ) continued : she bend down and unlatch a dog crate . a small , fluffy dog appear . mavis good morning , baguette . baguette jump , excited . mavis peel back the foil ona single - serve container of dog food and place it on the floor . she walk away , not particularly invest in the dog 's breakfast . int . condo ( live room ) - same alone , mavis swat at the air . she jump . she gyrate she hip . she look silly . reveal she 's play Wii fit . a balcony be visible through a slide glass door . baguette be lock outside . he stand on he hind leg , wildly bat at the glass . ext . condo ( balcony ) - same mavis sit on the small steel - girder balcony in she pajamas . she drink a can of diet soda . now baquette be trap inside , bat wildly at the other side of the glass . from mavis 's perch , we see downtown minneapolis , the Mississippi River , and other convert loft building that use to be factory and granary . int . condo ( office area ) - same mavis sit at she computer . near the monitor , we see a stack of book , they be all title waverley prep and numbered as if in a series . we see # 4 , # 27 , # 128 . there 's also a large office binder that say waverley prep series bible . mavis start up she computer and open a text document call pieceofshit.word . it 's a work in progress ; mavis appear to be on page 17 . the last sentence mavis have write read as follow : '' ashby be the undisputed king bee of waverley prep . '' mavis stare at the document without enthusiasm . ( continued ) continued : she open she web browser and go directly to a celebrity gossip website . she scroll down the page , pause over each item , stare at the vacant , grin face of famous people . she open another window -- she email . she delete all the overnight spam . we see a message that read re:re:re :end of series . mavis notice the message , perhaps grimace a little , but do not open it . she then notice a new message . the subject line say : '' the best thing that ever happen to we '' mavis pause , then open the email . we see a large photo of a newborn baby in a knitted cap that look like a strawberry . there 's a small block of text beneath . mavis 's expression be neutral as she read the message . she close the window . after a moment , she click it open again , re-read . and re-read . she reach for a strand of hair near she ear and begin yanking it in a distract , obsessive - compulsive way . int . condo ( office area ) - same it could be ten minute later . it could be a hour later . mavis be still in she apartment and still pajama-clad , but now she 's on the phone . she pace , hold she dog as if it 's a object . mavis ( on the phone ) be you busy ? okay . no . well , I just have one quick thing to tell you . I get , like , a birth announcement . from buddy . ( impatient ) yes , buddy slade . well , Beth actually send it . ( beat ) Beth , the wife ? she must have do like , a '' send all '' or something . like a mass email to everyone in he address book , whether they be live or dead or even remotely relevant to the situation ? one of that . I have not talk to he in , God , four year ? ( more ) ( continued ) continued : mavis ( cont 'd ) and I have only meet she once , like at Moon 's thing , so why would I be include on this list ? you know ? it 's like , think . like , send that thing to you actual friend , you know ? Jesus . ( beat ) I guess . the baby look like just a red ... you know how they look . it look like a fetus from life Magazine . yeah , I do not know . it have a strawberry hat . ( beat ) um , a girl , I think ? yeah , a girl . well , I do not see how tall it be or how long or whatever , but it say eight pound and some ounce . you know , they measure baby in ounce . like marijuana . ( defeat ) yes , that 's all ! what , be that not interesting enough for you ? all right , no , just kid . well , have fun at work . ( beat ) ' bye . mavis hang up . then redial . mavis ( cont 'd ) I again . hi . be you gonna have lunch today ? ext . downtown minneapolis - day mavis and she friend VICKI eat McDonald 's in a depress courtyard behind a Wells fargo building . VICKI be upholster in a cheap business suit from the mall . mavis be sloppily dress . Vicki give she the once-over . VICKI just fyi , not all of we have cushy joke job where we can work from '' the home . '' lucky . Vicki 's mouth be full of fries . mavis ( deject ) yeah . lucky . see if you like always write the same crap about the same five teenager and they amazing wardrobe . ( continued ) continued : VICKI well , at least they do not put you name on the cover . this hurt mavis 's feeling , but she play it off . mavis yeah . VICKI and be not they cancel that shit anyway ? mavis ( bristle ) book do not get '' cancel '' , Vicki . that 's not the terminology . VICKI so I put a fake profile up on a dating site today . just to see what happen . mavis this birth announcement thing . buddy ... Vicki will not let mavis derail she anecdote . VICKI I say I be a bbw with '' luscious curve . '' mavis I do not understand why they would send I something like that . VICKI I bet I get all black guy . mavis listen ! VICKI ( annoyed ) what ? you be still talk about buddy slade and he wife and they email thing ? mavis yeah . the baby be just bear like a month ago . I mean , when you send something that soon , be not it just for the inner circle ? more ( ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) mavis ( cont 'd ) not for the ex-girlfriend of the father , who do not even talk to he anymore . VICKI buddy 's always be the type to reach out . remember in school he be so friendly to everyone ? like he would always pick the wheelchair guy for he lab partner and stuff . mavis my cousin ? VICKI yeah , you cousin Mike with the wheelchair . mavis pick at she food , deject . mavis I have a real date tonight . with Peter . VICKI Peter pussy eater with the rolex ? what be we do ? why be we not more excited ? mavis ( flat ) I be excited . Vicki 's laugh be a disrespectful honk . VICKI you be more work up about you '' soul mate , '' buddy . mavis I be not . I just want to tell you about something that happen . God , excuse I . VICKI buddy slade be not , and never be , all that . he still life in mercury , for God 's sake . mavis by choice . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) VICKI well , I pity the guy . you and I get out of there just in time . mavis yeah . Vicki point with a french fry , she mouth full . VICKI we be fortunate bitch . she gag violently , reach for she Coke . int . apartment - day mavis return from she lunch with VICKI . she greet baguette , who jump at she knee . mavis hi , baguette . she slide the door to the balcony open . baguette run onto the tiny balcony . there 's a small patch of astroturf with a plastic fire hydrant . this function as baguette 's bathroom . mavis ( cont 'd ) hurry up . hurry up . ( praise ) good hurry up . mavis grab a banana from the kitchen counter . as she peel it , she head back to she office . int . condo ( office area ) - same mavis contemplate she computer . unable to resist , she open the birth announcement email again . she hit print . int . condo ( office area ) - moment later mavis be kneel in front of the printer . she rip a ink cartridge out of the bowel of the printer and shake it in frustration . mavis ( to herself ) fuck you . goddamit . she locate a hole in the cartridge and spit in it . ext . condo ( balcony ) - same mavis sit on the balcony , eat she banana and read the birth announcement . band of strange ink color run across the baby 's face , make it look alternately pink , blue , and yellow . int . fancy restaurant - night a romantic warehouse District '' gastropub '' , all expose brick and oil lamp . this be the kind of place that have quail on the menu and a organic wine list . mavis walk in , dress for a date . she have leg for mile , but she tug uncomfortably on the hem of she minidress . she squint , look for someone . a guy wear a suit wave she over to he table . this be peter , 42 , average look , moderate hair . mavis head over to the table . peter hello there . he kiss mavis on the cheek and she respond in kind . mavis hi. peter I already order we some malpaques . ( explain ) oyster . mavis thank God ! she seem to realize how inane she response be immediately . peter how be you day ? mavis ( lie ) crazy . so busy . just a ton of stress . ( continued ) continued : peter work a lot , huh ? a waitress appear . mavis address she without look up or offer a greeting . mavis it 's pretty nutso. ( to waitress ) sparkle water ? not flat , please -- you guy always bring I flat . anyway . I be just very busy this day . work , work , work . agghh ! the waitress disappear . peter and you be still just write that high school stuff ? mavis Young adult , yeah . '' y.a . '' that 's what we call it in the publishing biz . there be other acronym , too . Peter drink he beer and clink mavis 's glass . peter well , it 's nice to be dating someone who 's drive . mavis ha ha . that 's I , all right . peter I tend to date this really young woman . you know , they be more consume with they social life and look good and all that . I always tell they , '' wait a few year . you be not go to be able to rely on that face forever . '' be I right ? mavis mmhm . peter I really see someone like you as more of a peer . that girl be like ... it 's more like I be a mentor to they . '' Peter , help I ! more ( ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) peter ( cont 'd ) you be so smart ! '' ( chuckle ) it 's not like I know everything . mavis suppress she hostility , kind of . mavis that must just annoy you so much . the appetizer have arrive , steal Peter 's attention . he heaps he plate with oyster , shaking tabasco onto they slimy innard . he slurp a oyster with gusto . int . condo ( bedroom ) - morning it 's a gray , quiet morning . mavis open she eye . Peter be in bed next to she , he hand splay across she back to reveal he signature rolex submariner . mavis look at he . she lift he arm as if he 's a mannequin and climb out of bed . she cross the room , wear Peter 's undershirt and a '' date night '' thong . mavis open she too-small closet and pull out a gigantic suitcase . she unzip it and place it on the bed . she begin fold clothes and place they in the suitcase . mavis pack neatly and judiciously , hold up outfit before they make the final cut . Peter sleep on , oblivious . int . apartment ( kitchen ) - same mavis , now fully dress , struggle to get baguette into a small dog carrier . finally , she zip up the side . the carrier wriggle . mavis throw a few can of dog food into a large pink Victoria 's secret shopping bag . int . apartment ( bedroom ) - same mavis place a spare key next to Peter 's sleep face on the pillow . 11 . int . apartment ( front door ) - day with the suitcase , the bag , and the dog in tow , mavis exit , as casually as if she be go to the store . ext . apartment ( parking garage ) - day mavis enter a underground parking garage pack with jettas , priuse , and other neglect midprice hipstermobile . she lug she suitcase , the shopping bag , and baguette 's carrier . her mini Cooper be block in by a grid of car . she try to squeeze she body through to access the driver seat , then realize there 's really no point to that exercise . the car be stick . ext . apartment ( parking garage ) - same time have pass . mavis wait in the vicinity of she car , surround by she thing . a parking attendant appear , a callouse , slow - move older man . parking attendant look like you be stick . mavis ( red-face ) yes . I be block in . parking attendant this be long - term parking . usually need a little advance notice . mavis I know . it 's sort of a emergency . it 's a family emergency thing . my father . my father 's die . the attendant climb into one of the car behind mavis 's mini and start the ignition . we can tell by he demeanor that this be go to take a while . mavis ( cont 'd ) ( insincere ) I know , I be the worst . thank you so , so much . 12 . ext . apartment ( parking garage ) - day the car exit the garage . mavis be behind the wheel . baguette be now sit in she lap , panting eagerly . ext . minneapolis - day mavis drive through downtown minneapolis , pass strip club and convention center . she pause to gawk at a huge sex shop . Orange neon wink at she from the window . ext . highway - day mavis 's car drive down a rural stretch of highway . Factory farm and ruin field as far as the eye can see . mavis take the exit north , toward duluth . int . car —- day mavis listen to Britney Spears and roll down the window . a surprisingly strong blast of wind hit she face , mess she hair . she roll the window up again . baguette gnaw on pemmican beef jerky on the passenger seat . the wrapper be visible on the floor . ext . gas station - day mavis pump gas at a truck stop . a tweak - out lot lizard in full hooker regalia approach she . hooker you get a quarter , five dollar for my baby ? this woman make mavis nervous . mavis no . hooker because my baby need to eat . mavis have you try breastfeed ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : the hooker stare at mavis incredulously . she have a gold tooth and a large tattoo across she pancake- like breast . she look like the exact opposite of a healthy nursing mother . mavis ( cont 'd ) my sister 's a lactation coach . her voice trail off as the woman move closer . mavis be unnecessarily firm . mavis ( cont 'd ) I do not have anything for you . I be sorry . the gas pump hiccup to a stop . mavis withdraw the nozzle and spray she hand with gasoline . the hooker walk away , mumble . hooker yankee bitch . mavis do you just call I a yankee ? we be in Minnesota . Northern Minnesota . ext . highway - magic hour mavis 's car be pull over to the shoulder of the road . she pace in the gravel while baguette find a spot to pee . baguette pee . mavis jog and leap in place , do some of she Wii fit move even though she 's outside . in the distance , we see the shore of Lake Superior . int . car - night mavis be park , fumble through crap in she backseat . she flip through a CD booklet until she find a CD that say '' mad love , buddy '' in black sharpie . she pop in the CD . a ' 90 alterna - pop song fill the car . it 's '' the concept '' by teenage fanclub . mavis mouth the word and pull out a one-hitter . she 's already tamped some pot down into the bowl . ( continued ) 14 . continued : mavis she wear denim wherever she go . she 's gonna buy a record from the status quo , oh yeah .. mavis light up contentedly , exhaling as the song crescendos . ext . extended stay suite - night it 's a typically sad long - term lodging establishment . mavis park she car and walk toward the main entrance . she carry baguette in a bag . int . extended stay suite - lobby a young girl be behind the counter . she wear the requisite business suit , but she hair be bleach blonde and she makeup telegraph '' day shift stripper . '' front desk girl welcome to homeway extended stay of Greater duluth . can I help you ? mavis I would like to check in . front desk girl do you have a reservation ? mavis be mildly annoyed by this basic question . mavis no . the girl recite she spiel as if she 's just learn it . front desk girl ( type ) and how long will you be stay with they ? ( correct herself ) us. mavis I do not know . maybe just a week or something . it 's a business trip . I be a lawyer . a patent attorney . ( beat ) tort . ( continued ) 15 . continued : the girl peer at baguette 's bag , which be clearly a dog carrier . front desk girl be that a dog in you bag ? mavis nope . diabete testing supplies . she 's surprised by she own lie . front desk girl we actually allow small pet with a clean deposit . mavis in fact , I do have a dog , but he 's in my vehicle . the bag wriggles wildly , betray mavis instantly . front desk girl okay . I 'il put that you have a dog . she key some information into the computer , eyeing mavis suspiciously . front desk girl ( cont ’d ) how many key do you need ? mavis think . mavis two , please . she lean over as the girl make the key , as if to supervise . the girl roll she eye almost imperceptibly . mavis ( cont 'd ) two ... there we go . int . motel room - night baguette scamper around on the bed . mavis look at the clock , then look at she phone . she sit down on the bed and dial . mavis ( loudly , into phone ) personal . mercury , Minnesota . mercury , Minnesota . slade . ( continued ) 16 . continued : baguette urinate on the carpet approximately five inch from where mavis have place a '' puppy pad . '' ext . highway - night mavis dart across the pedestrian - unfriendly highway . the only structure we can see be a gas station / convenience store , starkly illuminate in the darkness . int . gas station - same mavis run she finger along the small , dim freezer case . she glance at the teenage boy behind the counter and smile . int . motel lobby - moment later mavis enter the lobby , eat a pint of Ben and Jerry 's '' cherry Garcia '' ice cream with a plastic spoon . front desk girl how 's you diabete ? mavis ignore she , quickly head for the stairwell . int . motel room - night mavis put down she ice cream and pick up she cell phone again . int . motel room bathroom - night now mavis be in the tiny bathroom , hold the phone against she ear . she roll a miniature shampoo bottle around in she free hand . mavis hi buddy . I see this be still you number . this be mavis . you know , mavis Gary . um , what 's up ? ha. how be you ? I be just in town take care of a real estate thing . I think we could get together for a drink and catch up . okay . call I if you be up for it . ' bye . ( continued ) 17 . continued : she hang up and look in the mirror . the cruel fluorescent light fixture buzze . mavis take she two middle finger and apply pressure to a barely visible zit . int . lobby - night mavis enter the lobby once again , she pace brisk and businesslike . the zit she try to pop be now a angry red blotch . the front desk girl be go . mavis notice this with some relief . ext . street of MERCURY - night music up : buddy 's mix tape mavis be back in she car , drive into town . she pass a sign that say : MERCURY CITY limit . as she enter mercury proper , we can see that it 's a fairly charming place . suburban house , a classic Main Street , mercury senior High School . ( mavis slow to peek at the latter . ) it 's literally a drive down memory Lane . only memory Lane have change a little . mavis ( to herself ) they have a Starbucks now . we see a brand new kentucky fried chicken / taco bell / pizza hut hybrid . mavis ( cont 'd ) and a kentacohut ? she drive on toward a roadside bar . ext . blue hill bar - night the Blue Hill be a shitty standalone dive bar . mavis pause on the road , look at the blink neon sign and the tired car in the gravel lot . she pull in anyway . ( continued ) 18 . continued : mavis park she car . as she turn off the car , she phone ring and she jump , grop for it . mavis ( on phone ) hey you . her voice be soft and relieved . int . blue hill bar - night mavis walk in , flush with victory . skynrd play on the jukebox . the whole scene be tragic . it 's a weeknight . the place be mainly populate with barfly and other sad-look individual . mavis sit down at the bar . mavis Maker 's Mark , please . the bartender oblige . mavis drink in such a way that we can tell she 's a experience and enthusiastic drinker . mavis look around the bar . matt freehauf , 36 , be watch she from a adjacent barstool . he 's sad - face and overweight . there 's a steel crutch , the permanent kind , lean against he stool . mavis glance at he . she look away and take a pink compact mirror out of she purse . she open the mirror and check herself out . she glance over at Matt again . he 's still stare . matt I be sorry . I believe we attend high school together . in fact , we definitely do . mavis at the same time ? matt yes . you be mavis Gary ? mavis mavis Gary - crane now . matt oh. congrat on that . ( continued ) 19 . continued : mavis well , I get divorced . matt okay . mavis so it 's just back to Gary , I guess . have be for a while . I be sorry , what be you name ? matt Matt freehauf . my locker be actually right next to yours . for all of high school . a flash of recognition . embarrassment . mavis ohhhh ! her eye wander to the crutch propped against he stool . mavis ( cont 'd ) of course . Matt freehauf . Matt . you locker be right there , by mine . ( grasp ) on the second floor of the school ? yeah . matt mm-hm . I be out for most of senior year , though . he tap the crutch , indicate a connection . mavis smile , but it 's horribly awkward . mavis right , right . matt you may remember I as the '' hate crime guy ? '' ( off mavis 's look ) bunch of jock who think I be gay jump I in the wood and hit my leg and dick with a crowbar ? it be national news . I mean , until people find out I be not actually gay . then it be not a hate crime . it be just a fat guy get he ass kick . ( continued ) continued : 20 . ( 2 ) mavis I do recall that . matt I even get my own prayer - a- thon , courtesy of the Lutheran Teen Club . 10 hour of dear heavenly father and I can still only walk in circle . mavis how 's you dick ? matt not good . mavis nod . the bartender push a second Maker 's towards she , and she accept it with a long , grateful sip . Matt begin talk again , and she cringe . he sigh . matt ( cont 'd ) it 's not like we run in the same circle , regardless . you be extremely popular , if I recall . you win '' best Hair '' in the senior superlative . and I be , you know , a big theater fag . mavis so you be gay . matt no . it 's a expression . theater fag , drama geek . mavis well , it 's nice to see you . mavis tap away at she cell phone idly . Matt 's not ready to end the conversation . matt what be you even do in town ? I know you be not one of the loser who stick around . mavis oh . I be just take care of this real estate thing . I have some property , so . the lie make she uncomfortable every time . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 3 ) matt be not you some kind of teen writer now ? I read about it in the Sun . how have you score that gig ? mavis talent ? matt no offense intend . I be just curious . it 's a cool job . mavis take another healthy swig from the glass and squint at Matt , suddenly deem he worthy of honesty . mavis my uncle run the publishing house . a surprised half - smile from Matt , who appreciate straight talk . mavis downs the rest of she drink as they relax into drunken conversation . music up as time pass . dissolve to : int . blue hill bar - three bourbon later mavis be obviously drunk . her body language be sloppy and she shout over the music . she lean toward Matt conspiratorially . mavis I love Taylor Swift ! she reach for a bottle of a unfamiliar beverage , which Matt eye with some alarm . he steady she arm before she can spill it . matt careful . mavis point to the bottle instructively . it 's a cheesy brand of alcoholic cider . mavis hard Jack . see ? this be what buddy slade drink ! she take a passionate swig . matt be confuse . ( continued ) 22 . continued : matt that 's a good , uh , fact . ( beat ) so be you see you family while you be here ? mavis my family ? fuck my family ! matt okay ! mavis I do not have a '' good '' relationship with my stepfather , right ? she make air quote around the word good for no reason . mavis ( cont 'd ) when I get marry to Allen ... Allen be my ex-husband , Allen crane , the retard of hennepin County , but anyway . when I get marry to Allen , I and my stepfather go out to do we special daddy - daughter dance at the reception . right ? because he basically raise I , inasmuch as ... whatever . and I tell you , my stepfather have always be weird . around I , and well , just around I . so we go out and this song start play , you know ( sing ) I get sunshiiiine ... matt ( nodd ) '' my girl . '' mavis and we be dance at my wedding in a whole circle of people , and I suddenly notice that my stepfather ...has ... a erection . Matt reel . matt that 's dark , mavis . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis Dark indeed . '' that 's dark . '' I love how you say that . you be hilarious . she paw Matt 's arm affectionately . matt thanks . mavis have reach for a patch of hair behind she ear . she 's pull at it compulsively , finger the root . mavis wanna know why I be really in town ? matt sure . mavis ( stage -whisper ) I can not tell you here , man . matt ( stage -whisper back ) okay ! ext . blue hill bar - night mavis and matt stand in the parking lot near the kitchen entrance . mavis be smoking aggressively . as Matt move further from the entrance , we can see how much effort it take for he to walk , even with assistance . matt lean on he crutch , wait for mavis to speak . mavis I be here because I be still deeply in love with buddy slade and I want he back . matt laugh , assume this be a joke . matt awesome . buddy slade . I be pretty sure buddy 's marry . with a kid on the way . mavis take a drag . she smoke like a twelve - year-old . ( continued ) continued : 24 . mavis ' id 's ear . ( exhales ) the kid 's here . she have the baby . I do not care though . I have baggage , too . matt wait , be you not joke ? mavis I know people will not understand , but thing like this happen . they do happen . usually they happen in slow-motion . like , two people be mean to be together and then they slowly get rid of what 's keep they apart . they get divorced , they reconfigure . and everyone 's cool with that , right ? Society 's okay with that . ( rambling ) everyone 's a homewrecker ; we just wreck very slowly . Matt can barely follow she drunken rant . mavis ( cont 'd ) but see , I can not go slow . I have to tell buddy now . I do not have time to play this little game of decency that everyone be so into . ( break up ) you see , freehauf ? I be 36 . I do not have time . Matt be momentarily speechless . mavis focus she attention on try to light the wrong end of another cigarette . matt um , I would advise you ... mavis ? mavis , look at I . okay . I would advise you to keep all this to yourself . talk to a therapist or something . mavis hey , my friend Kelly be a therapist ! my friend Kelly , she 's a therapist at kaiser permanente and -- ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) matt great . hey , just do not call buddy slade . especially not tonight . mavis stick she finger into Matt 's chest , aggressively triumphant . mavis well , I already do . I call he , and he call I back . we be meeting up tomorrow night . she notice a cab have pull up and be idling on the curb . mavis ( cont 'd ) oh. a cab for I . matt yeah , we call they , remember ? ( exasperate ) listen , buddy already have a life . without you . mavis begin walk backward toward the car , lecture to matt as she stumble . mavis a life ? Babies be boring , okay ? buddy 's life be boring . bore , boring , boring , boring , boring ! she climb into the cab as matt watch , incredulous . mavis ( cont 'd ) ( hang out the window ) boring ! the cab sputter off into the night . matt wave halfheartedly . int . motel room - morning mavis wake up , still wear she clothes from the night before . her dog be in bed with she . she sit up , she hair plaster across she face . she look across the room and see vomit on the floor ; it appear that she have try to clean it up with a motel towel the night before . ( continued ) 26 . continued : mavis groan . she drink from a big bottle of water on she bed table . ext . MERCURY MAIN drag - day mavis trudge along the side of the road in the blind sunlight . she look terrible . Cars whiz by as mavis amble past the kentacohut like a hobo . ext . blue hill bar - day mavis finally arrive at she destination on foot . her car be alone in the lot . there 's a letter on she windshield : " do 'ot ( sic ) Park here alnight CITY boy . '' she crumple it up , get in and drive away . int . strip mall nail salon - day mavis sit in a high - tech '' throne . '' her foot be ina swirl basin of water . the chair vibrate . a young girl on she knee buff mavis 's foot . she reach for a pedicure tool . mavis please do not use the callous slicer . no , do not . do not . unsanitary . thanks . int . strip mall nail salon ( back room ) - day a technician apply wax to mavis 's eyebrow and rip it off efficiently . mavis do not flinch . int . motel room ( bathroom ) - day mavis shave she leg carefully in the tub . it look like it 's be a while . int . motel room ( bathroom ) - same mavis apply makeup with a practice hand and a arsenal of expensive brushes . ( continued ) 27 . continued : she coat she face with foundation like a party clown . it look shockingly natural once blend . as she lip be gloss and she lash blacken , we see that she 's a truly gorgeous woman . she wrap she hair around a curling iron , enjoy the process of make herself attractive . she pull back she hair briefly to reveal the pink , bald patch behind she leave ear . her '' pull place . '' she smooth it , then make sure she hair be push forward to disguise it . int . motel room - dusk mavis sit on the bed , stare out the window . wait . she look at the digital beside clock . it say 4:31 . she look back out the window as the sun sink . ext . downtown MERCURY - day mavis drive slowly into mercury 's modest '' downtown . '' she 's search for a new and unfamiliar restaurant . mavis ( to herself ) Champion o’malley 's ... she spot it and pull over , grip the steering wheel . int . champion o’malley 's —- happy hour Champion 's be a slick new sport bar , flood with natural light and much more cheerful than the Blue Hill . mavis be sit in a polished wood booth . she position herself so she have a clear view of the door . she crane she neck ever so slightly . a pass bar employee plunk down some silverware roll in a napkin . mavis recoil tensely . mavis oh ! no , no ! I do not need silverware ! her voice be a bit too loud . ( continued ) 28 . continued : mavis ( cont 'd ) no . thanks . I would not mind two hard Jack cider , though . bar guy I 'il send over you waitress . mavis nod . she take out she phone and start pretend to compose a text message . reveal the screen of the phone : '' jggjsgnkajwhriuawgf '' " mavis glance at the nearest table . a couple of guy be eat nacho and watch a basketball game on one of the overhead tvs . one of the guy notice mavis , but the acknowledgment be minimal . mavis sit up a little straighter , arching she back . she put she elbow on the table , thrust she breast forward . she ruin the effect by look down . then ... buddy enter the bar , alert but not nervous . he 's a attractive guy in jeans , flannel and a baseball cap . mavis be pretend to text again . she glance up at buddy with expert detachment , smile and wave slightly . buddy round the corner toward mavis . mavis hey you ! buddy wow . great to see you , hon . buddy and mavis hug . over buddy 's shoulder , we see mavis 's thrilled face . her eye be tightly close . they separate . buddy slide into the booth across mavis . buddy ( cont ’d ) so ! this be a midweek surprise . mavis I know . I be just back in town , take care of some real estate stuff and I think ... she shrug . buddy no . it 's great , I be glad . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) there 's a momentary lull . mavis how be thing in '' jerkury ? '' buddy squint , confuse , they remember the old joke . buddy jerkury . I have not hear that in a while . jerkury . a waitress appear . mavis ( to waitress ) excellent . a couple of hard jack , please ! buddy whoa . hard Jack ? I have not have one of that since college . the waitress depart . mavis oh , I neither , God . but I figure for old time sake . buddy honestly , I have not be drink the past few month . Beth 's nursing we girl , so I think I have , you know , show some solidarity . mavis of course . buddy you know I have a daughter , right ? mavis no duh ! everyone know , the whole gang . yeah . I get the announcement . congratulation on that , by the way . buddy she 's amazing . mavis laugh lightly ; it 's almost a hiccup . mavis that must be so great . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 3 ) buddy one thing 's for sure about be a parent -- it be never boring ! mavis wince almost imperceptibly , remember the previous night 's drunken '' boring '' tirade . mavis I be just work my butt off . do my thing in the city . buddy right , down there in the '' Mini Apple . '' mavis ( shrill ) nobody call it the '' Mini Apple , '' buddy , God ! she laugh , slapping he hand . he do not recoil , but he do not respond either . mavis ( cont 'd ) so be you still at General Mills ? buddy yup . ad sale now . do not love all the cold - call , but my dad 's still there , so we have lunch together most day . buddy notice the waitress preoccupy with another table . buddy ( cont ’d ) sorry . hey , I be just gonna grab that cider . save we lady a trip . mavis ah. very chivalrous . buddy get up and head over to the bar . mavis turn she head in sync with he depart body , stare at he . music up : something dreamy , sexy and worshipful , like '' my sweet Lord '' by George Harrison . in slow motion , we see buddy sidle up to the bar , lean toward the bartender . mavis 's gaze -- we gaze -- drift down he body . suddenly , mavis be alive . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 4 ) he 's just a average suburban dad , but the way mavis look at he , he 's the very embodiment of sensuality . his back , soften by year of inactivity . the hang of he '' relaxed fit '' jeans . the way he thirty - dollar haircut feather against the nape of he neck . mavis drink it all in , lose in a reverie . on mavis 's face , hopeful and sad at once ... then -- a interruption . matt freehauf . matt mavis ? he 's stand over she booth , lean on he crutch . mavis be not thrilled to see he . mavis freehauf . what be you do here ? matt I work here . I do the book and deal with vendor and other sit - down job that will not tax my twisted , mangle body . and you ? mavis ( tightly ) just have a cocktail . matt right . I see buddy up there procure a couple of mind - eraser . not very dignify of you . mavis refuse to break . mavis it be good run into you last night . Nice to see you again . she half - wave as if to dismiss he . buddy appear with the drink . he do not seem super - tight with matt , but he 's friendly and familiar . buddy hey , freehauf , what 's up mang ? Matt high - fives he , glance at mavis . ( continued ) continued : 32 . ( 5 ) matt hi. congratulation on the little one . buddy yeah , we little chunka -boo . the adventure begin ! mavis ( to Matt ) it 's crazy to see you here . I mean , in a good way . thanks for stop by . buddy ( interrupt ) maybe you should join we ? mavis ah ha ha ha ... matt sadly , I must decline . I have get work to do , and it take I twice as long as a able-body man to complete even the simple task . buddy bummer ! mavis see how Matt use he disability to make people feel uncomfortable . she might even like it . matt I 'il just leave you two to you little mercury High reunion . mavis ( cheerful ) go injun . matt they change they name to the Indians in ' 99 . it be a whole thing with the local fon du lac and ... ( no one be listen ) ...- whatever . matt limp away . buddy watch he sympathetically and take a sip from the hard Jack bottle . ( continued ) continued : 33 . ( 6 ) buddy suck what happen to Matt . I mean , the poor guy have suffer so much just for be gay . we see Matt pause mid-limp several foot away . his shoulder sag with defeat . mavis he 's not actually gay . buddy well , whatever . mercury 's change a lot since that happen . it 's way less of a hick town . mavis really ? buddy well , we have this place . beat the Blue Hill , right ? we have a cool little record store down on frye Street . Jim wysocki open it a few month ago and they be start to get some good stuff . and there 's plenty of place to get coffee . ( beat ) do you see we get a kentacohut ? mavis I do , I do . you get choice now . she laugh , not sure if they be be ironic or not . buddy have you see you mom and stepdad yet ? what 's up with hedda and Dave this day ? mavis they be fantastic . I have not actually stop by yet , but I definitely will . yes , I will stop by oak Lane . I miss they both . a lot . buddy how 's , um , Allen ? mavis be take aback by he query . ( continued ) continued : 34 . ( 7 ) mavis Allen be well ! he 's fine . ( beat ) we be not marry anymore , but ... buddy oh , I be ... mavis no , but we be great friend . I have get he back , and he 's certainly get mine . buddy be appreciative of this . buddy I guess something like that never really go away . mavis ( quickly ) it do go away . it do and it can . but there 's still a warmth there . a mutual respect . buddy try a sip of hard Jack and grimace at the taste . ext . parking lot - evening mavis walk buddy to he car . it 's obvious it have not be a late night . mavis be still lucid and buddy be brisk , businesslike . buddy sorry I can not hang out longer , but I have get to relieve Beth . she have band practice tonight . mavis Beth be in a band ? buddy yeah , it 's just something she do with some other mom . mavis wow . cool . buddy Beth 's the drummer . mavis oh my God . ( continued ) continued : 35 . buddy yup . there 's a pretty good rock scene happen here . actually , Beth 's band play on Wednesday , right here . he open he car door and ready himself to climb in . mavis ( desperately ) buddy . buddy uh-huh ? mavis I want to see you . more . if buddy catch she meaning , he do not show it . buddy I would be down with hang out again . how long be you around ? mavis week , possibly . or a few day . but I be around , and I just do not want this to be over . buddy interpret this as nostalgia . his tone be comforting . buddy it 's not ; it do not have to be . I know I have not be the best at stay in touch but I be always here to talk or whatever . mavis remember Vicki use to always say you and I be telepathic ? buddy you mean Vicki robek ? robotrip ? she 's in the '' Mini Apple '' too , right ? how be she do ? mavis oh , great . she have a cervical cancer scare , but it turn out to just be hpv . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) buddy cool . so , uh , why do not you stop by we place for a hang on Wednesday ? we 'il have dinner , and then we can all go to Beth 's show . mavis yes . buddy oh -- you know , it would be great if you could sign one of that waverley prep book for my niece kendra . she want to be a writer too . mavis my name be not actually on the book . I mean , it 's on the title page if you check inside , but I be basically a ghostwriter . buddy still a pretty big deal compare to the rest of we . he start the car and begin to pull out . mavis continue to speak to he through the open window . her voice be a desperate cry . mavis see you Wednesday ! buddy yup . he drive away . mavis pretend to walk to she car , but can not resist look back . int . motel room - night mavis sit on the motel bed , painting she nail pink . she look angry . carefully , she dial she blackberry . mavis mercury , Minnesota . residence . freehauf . after a beat , she press a button on the phone . cross CUT phone call : 37 . int . matt 's house - same Matt freehauf shuffles over to a wall - mount telephone in a depress '' country '' kitchen that look like it be remodel in 1989 . he pick it up . matt hello ? mavis 's tone be sharp , teenage - bitchy . mavis be this Matt ? Matt 's sister sandra linger near the phone . Sandra who be it ? matt ( annoyed ) I get it , Sandra ! ( to mavis ) mavis ? mavis yeah . how have you know ? matt the caller id go ( robot voice ) ma-vis guh-ree . mavis ( flustered ) well , it be I in fact . I just want you to know that what you see today be not what you think it be . matt oh . you be not try to destroy buddy slade 's marriage ? mavis I be over - serve last night . matt you think ? why be you call ? do you think I be like the town crier , like I be go to roam the street like a old - timey newsboy ? ( boyish voice ) more ( ) ( continued ) continued : 38 . matt ( cont 'd ) '' hey everyone , mavis Gary be back and she 's hatching a scheme ! '' mavis it 's way more complicated than you could possibly know . buddy and I have year of history between we , and it 's very rich and complex . and well , you can not rely on what people say when they have be overserve . matt really ? I think drunk people tend to tell the truth . mavis that 's a cliche . Sandra interrupt Matt , brandish a bottle of kraft ranch dressing . sandra do not open a new ranch until the old one be do . Matt ignore he sister . matt you want to drink again tonight ? Sandra ( still on the dress ) just so you know . mavis be you joke ? matt I have weed . Sandra open a pizza box on the counter . she drizzle a liberal quantity of ranch dress onto the pizza . int . matt be house - night the doorbell ring . Matt answer the door . a sheepish mavis stand on the doorstep . her makeup , so expertly apply a few hour ago , now look a bit messy . matt come in . ( continued ) 39 . continued : Sandra stand in the messy live room size up mavis . Matt wave at she offhandedly . matt ( cont 'd ) my sister Sandra . this be she place . mavis hi , I be mavis . sandra I know . you tutore I for all of freshman year . it 's practically a accusation . mavis right ! sandra I make you Rice krispy square that one time , for you birthday . there 's old hurt in Sandra 's eye . mavis nod , smile as if she remember . sandra ( cont 'd ) I get you locker combination from the vice principal and put they in you locker . mavis that be really nice of you . sandra ( to Matt ) do not be too loud . matt we be go to my room . int . matt 's house ( bedroom ) - night if the dynamic between Matt and Sandra seem stunt , Matt 's bedroom be even worse . it look exactly the way it might have when he be in high school . a twin bed . a record collection . it 's a awkward moment . matt this be my room . ( continued ) 40 . continued : mavis you sister life with you . matt other way around . ( by way of explanation ) independent live be not so easy for I . he limp over to a ipod dock . mavis she cook for you and stuff ? matt she order hungry howie 's . mavis I like hungry howie 's . music fill the room . mavis ( cont ’d ) oh ! this be on buddy 's mix ! matt slade make you a mix tape ? maybe he be go to cheat . mavis sit on Matt 's bed , miserable . mavis he do not make it too recently . matt when ? mavis the ' 90 . buddy pack a bowl and offer it to mavis . matt ( sarcastically ) so you party ? mavis just pot . when I be away at the U , my first year , I try acid with some of my theta sister . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 41 . ( 2 ) mavis ( cont 'd ) I run into a gate and come this close to fuck up my brand new nose job . that be it for I and hard drug . matt you nose look really different . mavis it really do not . they just refine the tip . it 's not visible to anyone who 's not a professional , um , surgeon . Matt take a huge hit . matt it 's visible . mavis look at Matt with pity . mavis I be not feel great . maybe I be gonna go back to the homeway suite and watch a video . matt no , no . you should stay . there 's no good '' mom not pop '' video here anyway . mavis sit up , interested . mavis what happen to crocodile 's ? matt the former site of crocodile rock video be now , I believe , a one - hour dry cleaner 's . the guy who own it -- mavis ( interrupt ) the fat black -haire guy . matt yes , he and he wife move to the twin city . and they take all the inventory . vhs , beta , all the laser disc -- I know because I try to buy some of it . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 3 ) mavis once when I be 12 I try to rent that susanna hoff movie , the all nighter . susanna hoff , you know , she be in the bangle and I worshipped she . and that fat guy ... matt Victor . mavis that fat guy , he would not let I have it because it be pg - 13 and it have '' adult situation . '' I be so piss . I make my mom call and bitch they out . mavis reach for the bowl and take a tiny hit . matt ( know ) you be use to get you way . mavis 's laugh be brittle . mavis I never get my way . matt shrug , agree to disagree . he smoke pot in silence while mavis braid the shag carpet . then : matt that guy , Victor , he 's dead now . he cannonball off the lowry Avenue Bridge . mavis how original . ( off Matt 's look ) I mean , because that 's like the official suicide bridge . it 's just not a fresh idea , I do not know . Matt take another hit , not disagreeing . mavis ( cont ’d ) and now there 's just , what , a regular video place ? like a chain ? matt yes . it 's all horrible Disney vault kiddie bullshit . they do not even have a '' back room . '' ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 4 ) mavis I do not watch that stuff . matt well , what do you watch when you want to get off ? mavis would not normally answer such a question -- particularly from someone like Matt -- but for some reason , she do . mavis High Fidelity . int . supermarket - night music up : something dreamy , noisy , guitar-driven , slow . mavis and Matt walk into the huge supermarket in slow motion . they eye be red . Matt wear the kind of trench coat favore by unpopular teenage boy . they walk up to a freezer case , a veritable wall of brightly package junk . so many choice . mavis open the transparent freezer door . White vapor drift out onto she face , tickle she close eye . Matt pick a box of swanson 's chicken nugget and a celeste pizza for one . mavis finally decide on a lean cuisine . she slide it under she arm and they head down the aisle to a checkout lane . int . car - night a quiet lamplit street line with tree and clean sidewalk . cricket chirp . mavis drive slowly , peer out the window . Matt be in the passenger seat . his voice be stoner-hoarse . matt I think this be it . mavis be chew blue bubble yum . stoner gum . mavis you think or you know ? ( continued ) 44 , continued : matt this be definitely he house . he drive a Jeep Liberty . mavis that 's ironic . right ? because he have no freedom . it 's such a ridiculous , overwrought thing to say , but Matt be so stone he can not help but giggle . matt you be so fuck up . mavis look out at buddy 's house in the darkness . it 's small , ordinary . but something about the single light emanate from the kitchen feel like home . mavis be sad . her voice become quiet and dreamy . mavis do you see that little light in the kitchen ? matt yeah . mavis do you think someone 's awake ? matt maybe . maybe someone 's up with uh , that baby . mavis blow a blue bubble with she gum , surveilling the house . mavis the baby , the baby . matt the problem that have no name . mavis I wish they have that late- night taco truck here . or a Korean truck , even . matt everyone here go to bed at 9 . you hipster food on wheel would go largely uneaten . mavis okay . we can go now . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) silence . she look at Matt expectantly , as if she 's forget she 's drive . matt ( remind she ) it 's all you . mavis okay . mavis throw the car into gear and drive off . CUT to : int . high school hallway ( fantasy ) - day music up mavis , wear she school uniform , peer at a heart - shape mirror in she locker . she like what she see . turn around , she 's greet by buddy , who wear a tie and blazer . there 's a football tuck under he arm . mavis playfully take the football from he and chuck it down the hallway . buddy lean in to kiss mavis . she reach up and pull a cord that dangle into the frame . it 's randomly one of that emergency burn shower that you see in school science lab . Water pour down on she and buddy as a loud scoreboard - style buzzer sound . int . motel room - middle of the night the light outside indicate dawn . the digital clock read 4:00 am . mavis be curl up the bed , fully dress . her back be to we . there 's a half - empty glass of bourbon on the bed table . mavis roll over , nearly crush baguette . she groan . it 's impossible to tell if it 's a groan of pleasure or annoyance . int . motel bathroom —- morning mavis enter , bleary - eye . she take the paper hygiene guard off one of the drink glass , fill it with tap water , and take a long drink . she look awful . 46 . int . mall parking lot ( to establish ) - day mavis drive up to mercury fashion Square , a mall that have see better day . she sing a retro commercial to herself . mavis ( sing ) mercury fashion Square . you can find great fashion there . on 27th and highway 4 ... mavis pull into a parking spot . ( that who be pay close attention may notice that she 's in designate '' stork parking '' for expectant and new mother only . it 's either a act of defiance or obliviousness . ) int . MERCURY fashion square - day mavis shop in the mall 's flagship department store . it 's not exactly barney 's New York . mavis flip through a rack of clothes . a sale lady , conservative , forty , approach she . sale lady can I help you find something ? mavis sure . I have not have a ton of luck . sale lady be this something for work ? mavis no , it 's for a special occasion . not a formal occasion . something chic and clean , but also a little bit edgy . sale lady okay . we have some adorable new dress that just come in . mavis do you carry Marc Jacobs ? sale lady I do not think we have that one . ( continued ) 47 . continued : mavis do you have Imitation of Christ ? saleslady ( flat ) no. mavis I be go to a rock concert with a old flame , and I think there 's a chance we may reconnect . the sale lady smile . saleslady get it girl ! you want to show he what he 's be miss . mavis he 's see I recently , so he know . but this be the first time he wife be see I . she do not know what 's compelling she to say this thing . but she 's say they as candidly as if she be in therapy . saleslady well . it 's the end of my shift , and my son need to be pick up at school , so I be just go to send over another associate . okay ? she 's up on all the trend . I be sure you will find something . mavis okay . saleslady ( hurry away ) shawna ? can you help this lady out ? int . mavis 's car - day mavis pull up to the curb near buddy 's house . she 's wear a simple white camisole , a pencil skirt and wedge . she look good . 48 . ext . buddy 's house - day buddy 's house be a modest one - story with a large porch . a old car be park in the driveway . everything be solidly lower middle class . buddy be on the porch with he wife beth and they tiny baby . he wave . mavis walk up to the porch . buddy what 's uuuuup ? he subtly flash fake gang sign . mavis hi. Beth rise and take off she Wayfarer . she 's a pretty woman , still carry some baby weight around she breast and middle . she have a kind smile and wear a rock T-shirt with corduroy and converse . beth hi. Nice to see you again . she hug mavis lightly . mavis you too . buddy I do not know you guy meet before . mavis once , at a party a long time ago . beth ( to buddy ) remember New year in dinkytown ? Moon 's old place ? buddy oh yeah , wow . can I get you something to drink ? beer ? mavis I do not really drink much alcohol . maybe just a sparkling water or something . ( continued ) 49 . continued : shrugge at she odd request , buddy get up to fetch the drink . buddy I 'il see what I can do . he head into the house , call back at they . buddy ( cont ’d ) meet the baby ! mavis smile at the baby uncomfortably . Beth casually lift up she shirt to nurse . beth pardon I . we be always eat around here . mavis I can see that . the baby root and latch on to Beth 's breast . mavis watch , feel uptight and pristine in she camisole . mavis ( cont 'd ) my sister be a lactation coach . beth ( friendly ) yeah ? that 's a neat job . the baby suckle noisily . Beth gaze at she daughter tenderly . mavis touch the baby 's head almost dutifully . mavis she 's really cute . beth she 's like a clone of buddy . you should see he baby picture next to she . she get the slade nose , the slade everything . mavis all of it . beth yes . mavis examine the baby 's face . mavis no . she do not . I can see you in there . a lot of you , in fact . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) Beth lean over and call to buddy through the screen door . beth can you bring I a summer ale ? mavis look take aback . Beth laugh . beth ( cont 'd ) it 's fine , I can just pump and dump after the show . do not worry , I be not try to get my kid hammer . mavis I know , it just seem funny . beth so , how be you ? I know you be a author . I see that cool article about you in the Sun. mavis yeah , I write for a young adult series . it 's extremely popular . buddy emerge from the house . buddy you guy wanna come in ? it 's get kind of cool out here . Beth stand up , still nursing the baby . beth sure , babe . int . buddy 's house - same they enter the house . it 's modest , but warm and artsy . Beth place the baby in a aquarium - theme contraption with flash light and dangle seashell . mavis that 's pretty fancy . beth ah yes , the funquarium . always chill she out . ( to baby ) yes ! you love it . ( back to mavis ) we be start to get smile . ( continued ) 51 . continued : buddy hand Beth a beer . buddy here you go , babe . Beth hand mavis a plain bottle of water . beth how 's this ? mavis thanks . they sit down on a hipster flea market couch . mavis ( cont 'd ) I like you day - cor , what be this , Regency ? beth goodwill . mavis I and buddy use to go thrift all the time . we have a huge stupid T-shirt collection . just the dumbest thing . beth oh yeah ? mavis yes , I use to sleep in buddy 's shirt . and boxer . buddy heh . mavis push it a little further , address Beth . mavis I still have a few , I think . buddy look uncomfortable , but Beth smile broadly . mavis see a strange chart lean against the wall . it show cartoon face with different expression . one say '' happy , '' one say '' sad '' and so on . mavis ( cont 'd ) what 's that chart ? buddy Beth teach special need kid . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) mavis ahhh ! beth a lot of my kid learn emotion cognitively . it do not come naturally to they the way it do for you or I . so we need to show they : this be what happy look like . this be what anxious look like . and so on . mavis be fascinate with the chart . mavis how about , like , neutral ? what if you do not feel anything ? beth that 's kind of how they be a lot of the time , so . yeah . do not need to teach it . buddy change the subject . buddy mavis , tell we about you life in the big city . mavis I feel incredibly free . I can come and go as I please . nightlife , brunch . I be never home . never . beth no pet ? 52 . mavis seem to suddenly , guiltily remember baguette . mavis mm. I do have a dog . buddy oh. Nice . mavis but he 's small , he go everywhere , with I . dog be so easy . you can still have a life , you know ? Beth be watch the baby fondly . her loving expression negate everything mavis be insinuate . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 3 ) mavis take a drink of ice water and look longingly at buddy . she cross she long , bare leg . there 's a bead of water on she lip , which she wipe away . buddy be beginning to sense something be not right . mavis ( cont 'd ) Beth , when do you have this baby ? beth two week and two day . mavis well . you be really get you figure back . this be the last thing Beth care about , but she be gracious . beth thanks . uncomfortable silence fill the room . int . dinner table - evening the baby sleep in a car seat contraption . buddy , mavis and Beth eat burrito from Chipotle . buddy pat one of the styrofoam take - out container approvingly . buddy Chipotle , how ' bout it ? mavis what happen to hungry howie 's ? be not that still you favorite ? beth I do not think we have ever order from there , have we honey ? mavis well , you be relatively new around here , Beth . beth ( politely ) um , yeah , I guess I have only be here , like ... nine year ? buddy nine year , yup . ( continued ) 54 . continued : mavis where be you originally from , anyway ? Beth swallow and dab she mouth with a napkin . beth oh . Close by , actually . I grow up in East duluth . mavis you be rich . beth ( take aback ) we be not load . my dad be a podiatrist . mavis my father 's a doctor too . buddy stepdad . if mavis be annoyed by the correction , she do not let on . mavis ( to buddy ) no , my biological father be also in the medical field . beth oh yeah ? where do he practice ? buddy cringe , know this be a sore subject . mavis I do not know , Beth . I be afraid I have not see he in year . beth I be sorry . mavis sorry for what ? she pat buddy 's arm . mavis ( cont ’d ) poor buddy 's over here like ahhhh ! no , it 's all right . I have be deal with it forever . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) she look at buddy meaningfully . mavis ( cont 'd ) buddy know the whole story . he know everything about I . the whole story of mavis . buddy that be true . mavis take a long , satisfy gulp of water , glance at Beth over the rim of the glass . the doorbell ring . beth ( through a mouthful of food ) ooh ! babysitter 's here . buddy rock and roll ! buddy spring up and bound toward the door mavis ( to Beth ) this be all very exciting . do you need to get dress for the show ? beth I be dress for the show . ext . champion 0 's malley 's - evening ( to establish ) there 's a modest line of people outside the bar , mostly in they 30 and 40s . int . champion 0 's malley 's - same we pan past a homemade flyer advertising Beth 's band . it say '' nipple confusion : mom that rock ! '' the four band member be picture in a grid , Beatles -style . the band be tuning up on a tiny stage surround by brass rail . the lead singer , mary ellen trantowski , have tattoo on she arm and a cool ( for duluth ) haircut . there 's also a bass player , a guitarist , and of course , Beth . she fuss with she drum , tightening they up with a key . ( continued ) 56 . continued : mary ellen ( into mic ) test ! four-four , three - three ... mavis and buddy linger by the bar . mavis be drink buddy 's brand of beer . she hand a fresh bottle to buddy . buddy oh . thanks , mavis . mavis so be they any good ? buddy what ? mavis be they good ? the band . buddy seem a little looser than usual . he finish off the beer . buddy totally . look , freehauf 's over there . sure enough , Matt be lean against a employees only doorway near the rear of the bar . he watch the stage passively , he arm cross over he belly . mavis try to not make eye contact . mavis ha. God , he 's always just lurking around , be not he ? so creepy ! buddy Matt 's be through a lot . he 's a good guy . mavis well , he freak I out . look at he face . he 's so doughy . he look like a murderer . it 's a dumb , mean comment but buddy be amused . buddy ( chuckle ) you definitely be a writer mavis . mavis see ? now you be laugh . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) buddy you have always be so funny . mavis be thrilled with this moment of attention and validation . she lean in and open she mouth to speak . alas , she 's quickly drown out by the sound of Beth . do a extremely loud SOUND check on she drum . bang ! bang ! bang ! boom . boom . boom . the sound guy give Beth a thumb - up from he console . mavis be beyond irritate . mary ellen ( onstage ) hello mercury ! the small crowd cheer . mary ellen ( cont ’d ) I be Mary ellen trantowski and we be nipple confusion ! please be kind , as this be only we second show and we all have small child at home . friendly laughter from the crowd . mary ellen ( cont ’d ) this first one be a cover . it be originally record by teenage fanclub in 1996 . it be we drummer Beth 's idea . she gesture to Beth , who grin and wave a drum stick and buddy and mavis 's direction . buddy lean toward mavis instructively and whisper : buddy Beth love this song . the song begin with a few loud strum and a familiar couplet sung by Mary Beth : mary ellen ( sing ) she wear denim wherever she go ... mavis 's face fall as she watch they play . this be her song with buddy . the song from the mix tape . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 3 ) Beth pound the drum with unschool enthusiasm . even though the band be technically sloppy , everyone be smile and cheer . mavis 's eye fill up with tear . or be she just drunk ? she look around . up front , a proud dad hold a toddler wear large protective headphone . two kide , about 7 and 9 , dance in front of the stage . the woman in the band -- even Beth , who drum doggedly -- harmonize together on the chorus , and not very well . mary ellen & the band I do not want to hurt you , oh yeah ... mavis look at buddy . he 's rock out , guzzle anouther beer . mavis glance at Matt freehauf , who 's still lean against the doorway . they eye meet . his gaze be full of pity . she hate that he pity she . ext . high school ( fantasy ) - day from mavis 's Pov , we head toward a pair of double door . just outside the door , we see a group of gossipe girl wear high - school uniform . only they be not girl ; they be beth 's friend . Mary ellen glance at mavis through the glass with a sneer . mavis push through the door . abrupt CUT to : ext . champion 0 's malley 's - night mavis open the front door of the bar to exit . it 's a typical postshow scene , albeit a little more family - friendly . the crowd spill out onto the sidewalk . Friends load band gear into someone 's van . Beth and she bandmate chat excitedly . Beth be clearly have a blast . mavis and buddy linger on the periphery . beth ( laugh ) I mess up the fill so bad on '' haircut . '' I be sorry guy . bassist no honey , you be great . buddy 's voice be a loud , drunken bray . ( continued ) 59 . continued : buddy yeah , you guy be namaze . mary ellen do he just say '' namaze ? '' the woman titter at buddy 's mistake . beth ( affectionate ) I think someone 's have a few too many . mavis oh , hardly ... buddy yup , I be pretty drunk . bethie , we gotta get home . relieve the babysitter . he take another swill of beer , amid protest from Beth 's rowdy mom-friend . beth aw , really ? I want to stay out just a little while longer . guitarist yeah buddy , you can not have she back yet ! Beth pout cutely , bat she lash at buddy . mavis ( suddenly ) I will drive he home . beth ( eager ) really ? Mary ellen give mavis the once-over . mavis notice the coldness of she stare . Beth may be oblivious , but nothing get past Mary ellen . mary ellen it 's interesting to see you hang around again , mavis . mavis summon she best high - school bitch attitude . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis Mary ellen , you be great tonight . it 's inspiring to see a single , partnerless mother with so much confidence onstage . beth ( interrupt ) buddy , let mavis drive you home , ok ? I be gonna stay and celebrate . buddy sure . okay . mavis take the Jeep key from buddy . she hold they up and click the '' unlock '' button triumphantly . as the car beeps , mavis flash she best shit -eate grin at a scowling Mary ellen . ext . buddy 's house - night ( to establish ) the Jeep pull up . mavis and buddy get out and walk up onto the porch . buddy stumble , lean on mavis . we hear they voice in the night . mavis easy , Bud . buddy my tolerance have really go down since you know I . mavis what do you mean , '' since I know you '' ? ext . buddy 's house ( porch ) - night ( to establish ) buddy go to enter the house , but mavis stop he . mavis hey , wait . buddy what ? mavis take buddy by the wrist and look at he cheap timex watch . to she , it 's more beautiful than any rolex . she push the '' indiglo '' button , illuminate the watch , and show buddy the time . 10:53 . ( continued ) 61 . continued : mavis ( whisper ) look . you still have seven Minutes . do not you have that baby - sitter until 11 ? buddy yeah . but seven minute be nothing . we can not go anywhere . mavis that 's true . we can not . but time be so precious . buddy 's word be slur . buddy I know , I know , mavis . I be learn that from my little girl . this be not what mavis want to hear , but it give she a new tactic . mavis you be a great father . you be already go above and beyond in so many way . remember when we be kid ? dad do not have to do shit . they come and they go and we still buy they new golf ball and tie tack on Father 's Day . but you -- you have really step up to the plate . you do too much , even . now buddy 's voice have become similarly low and intimate . buddy do you think so ? mavis yes . you be such a good , good man , buddy . do not ever shortchange yourself . buddy chuckle softly and drunkenly . his hand have wander to mavis 's bare arm . it 's a friendly grip , more for balance than anything , but there 's tension now . buddy I just ... I really love my daughter . mavis hug he . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis I know . and that 's the only thing that matter . not Beth , not anything -- buddy and mavis 's face meet in a kiss . it 's a hard close - mouth kiss , but a kiss nonetheless . buddy pull away . buddy hey , hey , hey . the babysitter , a effeminate college - age guy , suddenly open the door and appear on the porch . he hold a pacifier in one hand and stare dagger at mavis . babysitter ( indignant ) I think I see light . buddy yeah , um , Daniel . I be home . babysitter where 's Beth ? mavis ( exaggerate ) Beth want to stay out all night and party . babysitter well , we be all out of breastmilk and she do not want the nuk anymore . he hold up the '' nuk , '' a pacifier , as if it 's taint . buddy I get it . buddy head into the house , drunk and flustered , not turn to say goodbye to mavis . mavis good night , buddy . babysitter ( slamm door ) good night . 63 . int . blue hill bar - evening the transition be sudden , but we can immediately see that mavis and freehauf be drown they sorrow again . mavis be mid-rant . mavis fuck ! freehauf be fiddling with the jukebox . mavis ( cont 'd ) hey . hey Matt , know what I hate ? matt. know what I hate ? Water . matt water ? mavis I do , I hate water ! do you know what Frank Sinatra use to say when someone offer he a glass water ? he have go , ( do Frank ) '' I be thirsty , not dirty ! '' Matt punch in some gun not rose . mavis ( cont 'd ) Water just taste . like . a toilet . matt you need to ease up . okay ? you be drink every night . you liver must look like like a State Fair pickle . mavis have a wet , unlit cigarette between she lip . mavis I be on a bender . this be what people on bender do . matt ( mock ) ooh , cool . punk rock . taxi Driver . why be you on a bender , mavis ? mavis because I be depressed . ( continued ) 64 . continued : matt so ? that 's like 70 % of the population . maybe more . why do not you exercise or something ? take you fuck dog for a walk for once . mavis why do not you walk , fat ass ? matt oh , fuck ! me! fuuuuck ! mavis what ? matt I hate this guy over here . Matt nod toward a man in a wheelchair . the man be drink a beer and laugh with a group of friend . mavis ( surprised ) ugh . my cousin Mike . matt Mike moran be you cousin ? mavis yeah , but it 's not like we be in touch . he 's not even my first cousin . he 's my mom 's cousin . matt that 's you cousin over there , whom you be ignore ? mavis ( annoyed ) how often do you see you cousin ? matt my cousin all live in Germany . mike have spot they and be wheeling over with a broad grin on he face . matt ( cont 'd ) here come the happiest cripple in Minnesota . mike mavis ? what be up , girly - friend ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) he hold he arm outstretch . mavis lean in for a hug . mike ( cont 'd ) Holy shit , this be such a rad surprise ! mavis be as wooden as Mike be enthusiastic . mavis I be just in town take care of a real estate thing . and how be you ? mike I be great . you know , Kim and I just have we six - year anniversary . mavis six year , what be that , wood ? porcelain ? matt hot lead ? Mike it 's candy . hee ! anyway , the kid be great . work be a trip , but I play hard , too . I have be do a lot of rock-climbing . Matt be incredulous . matt what , like , rock -crawling , you mean ? mike nahh , I be vertical , bro . believe it or not . you should try it , Matt . we can do anything a normal can do . probably more , because we have have to reboot for extra positivity , know what I be say ? mavis ( dry ) ; yeah , you should try it , Matt . matt no . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 3 ) mike I love the way this guy talk . he 's like , '' no . '' I be so glad you guy be bud , I can totally see it . it 's like will and Grace . mavis it be ! matt no , it be not . mike look , I be gonna roll back to my boy , but we should chat later ! in 1l buy you a scotch or whatever you have get there . I love this place on Fridays -- it go off . mavis hoist she glass . Mike roll away . matt when do he get that chair ? when we be freshmen ? mavis sophomore homecome . car wreck . he get so much attention . she roll she eye . Matt laugh . mavis ( cont 'd ) he do , he practically ruin my sweet sixteen . well , just the family party , but still . matt you be a piece of work . mavis you be a dumb piece of shit . matt loudly clink mavis 's stationary glass . mavis respond in a quieter way : she put she glass against he and hold it there for a beat , like a kiss . ext . park - day a little patch of lawn , wood chip , and modern play equipment near a small lake in mercury . kid cavort nearby . ( continued ) 67 . continued : the sun shine on mavis 's beautiful hair . she look like a shampoo commercial , albeit with a hangover . she kneel and unzip baguette 's tiny dog bag . mavis ( to passerby ) dog be okay here , right ? baguette leap out and run as fast as he tiny leg will allow . it 's a bear free moment as he fly across the grass , overjoy to be out of the homeway suite and finally get some attention . the park be fence , and he 's good to go . mavis watch he , pleased . she sit down on a bench and unwrap one of that granola bar that 's markete to woman . she take out she laptop and open it . she open pieceofshit . word and begin type . ashby and isabella have a bond that could not break . this , everyone know . however , isbella could not could not could not mavis look up , up check on the dog . mavis ( cont 'd ) good , baguette ! be this fun ? it definitely be fun . a man walk by and admire the prancing dog . man someone look happy to be out . mavis 's mouth be full of granola bar . mavis ( to man ) he 's crazy about this park . mavis 's cell phone ring . it 's buddy . oh my God ! mavis stare at the ringing phone as if it 's a oracle . mavis ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) hello . hello. ( warmly ) hey you ! that 's it . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis ( cont 'd ) ( pick up ) hey you ! cross CUT phone call : int . buddy 's house ( kitchen ) - day Close on buddy , lean against the wall with a diet soda in he hand . he look troubled . buddy hi , how be you ? mavis seem to interpret this innocent query as something more meaningful . mavis I be good . I be good . what be it , Bud ? buddy oh , well , I mean to ask you this on Wednesday . he take a deep breath , tense . buddy ( cont ’d ) I be just wonder , well if you be still around , if you have like to come to the baby 's name ceremony this weekend . it 's just a little hippie thing we be do in we yard . not religious or anything . it 's non-secular . mavis secular . buddy huh ? mavis I would love to come . buddy good. great . buddy ( cont 'd ) Saturday , we place , around one . cool ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : mavis okay . great , Bud . ' bye . mavis hang up , quietly thrilled . she hop . back on buddy : buddy hang up and turn around . reveal Beth , wear the baby in a complicated sling . her expression be unreadable . ext . suburban STREET - day mavis be walk back from the park with baguette in he bag . her spirit be high . mavis ( to bag ) maybe we will go again tomorrow . what do you think ? no response from the bag . mavis ( cont 'd ) good boy . there 's a silver lincoln sedan slowly cruise down the street . after a few beat , we realize it 's tailing mavis . mavis do not notice right away , but eventually look over she shoulder . the car 's halting pace be suspicious . finally , mavis stop . the car also stop . mavis shade she eye from the sun . finally , mavis address the driver in a odd tone . mavis ( cont 'd ) May I help you ? woman' voice ( 0.s. ) you think you could get away with this ? mavis shrug . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) the gig be up . mavis you get I . ( continued ) 70 . continued : reveal hedda gary , a attractive older woman in she ' 5as . she squint up at she daughter from the driver 's seat . int . hedda 's car — day mavis be now in the passenger seat while hedda drive . baguette be sit comfortably in hedda 's lap . hedda this be not a large town . you must have know we be bound to run into each other . mavis I be not avoid you . I be plan to call . hedda you never come home , and when you do , you hide from I and you dad . curious behavior . mavis David be not my father . hedda I say '' dad . '' we have be over the difference . oh , do you see we get a cupcake bakery ? mavis I see . hedda it 's pretty good , at least for around here . mercury be not know for its pattissery . mavis no. hedda where be you stay , baby ? mavis with a friend . you do not know they . I be here do research for one of the book . watch teenager . that 's why I be at the park . ( continued ) 71 . continued : hedda ( dubious ) do teenager play at the park ? mavis well , tweens , Mom . tweens be we core demo anyway . ten through twelve . or even , like , seven through twelve . hedda Seven ? mavis kid be read sooner because of twilight and Harry Potter . the literacy rate be through the roof . it 's great . she 's lie like crazy . hedda ah. mavis where be we go ? hedda it 's just for a little bit . do not argue with I while I be drive . I still get very nervous . int . hedda and david 's house - day mavis walk into she childhood home , already crush by the psychic weight of the exercise . hedda be carry baguette . hedda ( shouting ) David ! mavis be here , of all people ! mavis 's stepfather , david , emerge from the back of the house . there 's something wild - eye and unsettle about he . david mavis ? I can not believe my eye ! mavis hi David . ( continued ) 72 . continued : he rush to mavis and crush she in a hug . he lift she off the ground and she grunt with discomfort . david how about a underdog ? hedda clap she hand with delight . hedda the mavey & davey show be back on the air . mavis ( nervous laughter ) Limited engagement . David study she . david now , you do not look well at all . you figure look lovely , but you look peak . mavis I be a alcoholic . hedda ( to David ) her hair look incredible . david let I check ... he lean in as if to inspect it . mavis cringe . David reach for a lock of mavis 's hair and smell it . her disgust be almost imperceptible , but it 's there . david ( cont 'd ) yep . still smell like lily . hedda always , since she be little it 's have that sweet smell . except when you get skunke , mavis ! david and I give she my famous tomato soup shampoo a la Dave . right in the garage . hedda cluck , remember . ( continued ) continued : 73. ( 2 ) hedda ( to mavis ) Boy , you be a real beast that day . mavis I be 13 and in my underwear and my stepfather be pour soup on my head . my new stepfather . even while I be scream and begging he not too . she direct this at hedda , not David . hedda let I see what we have in the kitchen . there 's some white wine ... mavis I want you guy to know up front that I can not stay long . I be ona deadline . david we be busy too , honey . hedda I be painting the sun porch . david just the trim . hedda it 's important for woman my age to do weight - bear exercise . mavis how be that weight - bear ? hedda oh . you will not believe who I see the other day ! david ( interject ) buddy , you former beau . hedda oh , let I for once . ( to mavis ) he have a little one now . ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 3 ) she seem to delight in revealing this information , know it will bother mavis . mavis I know . I have know for age . we be still quite close . hedda you must be jealous as hell . Davis chuckle . david we know you . hedda tap mavis playfully , but firmly . hedda you can not hide from we , pee pee . we be you be permanent best friend . david we know you better than anyone . mavis I be not jealous at all . buddy be one of my favorite people I have ever know . he 's very dear to I . and the baby be part of he , so -- I love it too . hedda oh , it do not work that way ! david not at all . hedda you wish you kid be a part of you . but they never be . never . they be more like little parasitic worm . they cling to you and then they inherit the worst of you . david ( to mavis ) well , you have the best of you mother 's look , that 's for sure . hedda I think buddy will be a very good father . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 4 ) hedda ( cont 'd ) he always take care of you when you be melting down . which be -- always ! she laugh . david ( mock -whisper ) or once a month . mavis May I be excuse for a moment ? David have seize baguette and be hold he high in the air . david turn on the fan when you be do . hedda see if you like my new reed diffuser . int . hedda and david 's house ( bedroom ) - day mavis creep upstairs and peek into she old bedroom . it 's the bedroom of a popular girl from the ' 90 -- which seem pretty sad and fade now . her bulletin board , cover in blue ribbon and certificate , still hang over the desk . there 's a diploma from the University of Minnesota , and some kappa Alpha theta stuff . we see a frame class photo of mavis with huge bang sit in the corner . teenage mavis have a smile so huge it 's almost a grimace . there 's a class graduation photo on the wall , one of that giant long - format one with everyone 's head shot . mavis walk over to it and scan the name . no sign of Matt . in small type at the bottom of the picture it say : photo not available : yun ng , Matthew freehauf . mavis open the closet . from a pile of old clothes , she retrieve a red sweatshirt and unfold it eagerly . we can not see what 's on the front of it . int . hedda and david' house ( hallway ) - day mavis exit the room . in the hallway , there 's a large wedding picture in a silver frame . ( continued ) 76 . continued : mavis in a chic white dress , cuddle up to allen , a average - look man who seem thrilled to be wedd to she . Allen brandish a silver cake server as if it 's a weapon . this gesture seem to annoy the bride , who glance sidelong at he even as she smile . int . hedda and david' house ( kitchen ) - same mavis emerge downstairs , stuff the red sweatshirt into baguette 's bag . mavis can you take down that wedding picture of I and Allen ? hedda be wash some green in a colander . hedda what ? mavis can you take down my wedding picture ? hedda just because you get a divorce do not mean that we can not enjoy the memory of Allen . mavis Allen 's still alive . hedda have you talk to that little nephew of he lately ? perseus or sophocle or ... mavis why would I keep in touch with Allen 's nephew ? hedda because you be close and it would be a nice thing to do . mavis say nothing . hedda ( cont ’d ) you should not have marry he if you do not want to form last relationship . ( beart ) more ( ) ( continued ) 77 . continued : hedda ( cont ’d ) I always suspect you marry he because just '' someone else '' get marry . mavis and I have tell you a million time you be wrong . hedda reach to smooth mavis hair . her hand wander instinctively underneath , near mavis 's ear . she feel the bald patch and react . hedda now what be this ? be we do this again ? mavis jerk away . David walk in with a basket of small tan egg . david I hope you be stay for dinner . freshly laid brown bantam egg . hedda omelettes and a nice , fresh green salad . she smile , pleased with herself . david ( to mavis ) I do not get that henhouse permit for nothing . mavis look sick . hedda heat up a skillet with some butter . she show mavis the '' plugra '' label proudly . hedda ( proudly ) plugra . I get this at anderley 's . this be the best butter there be . the absolute best . mavis I believe you . hedda they use this on the food Network . David reach out and crack the first of the egg into the skillet . what come out be definitely not okay . it 's a bloody mess . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis scream , stumbling away from the stove . hedda ( cont 'd ) uh-oh ! david Jesus , mavis , it 's just a bad one ! mavis get it away ! get it away ! david you be ridiculous . do you grow up get all you food at the supermarket ? mavis ( shriek ) yes , you stupid asshole , I do ! david ( to hedda ) I can not take the scream . I can not . you ask I what I mean when I talk about the scream , and this be it , hedda . mavis bury she face in a embroider hand towel . she make a guttural animal sound . mavis all right , let 's not get silly . ext . matt 's house - evening hedda 's car pull up to the house . Matt be outside smoking . he barely blink at the sight of mavis 's arrival . int . hedda 's car - same hedda this be where you be stay ? mavis ( hurried ) yes . thanks for the ride . hedda scrutinize the semi-dilapidated house ( and the semi-dilapidated man smoking in front of it . ) ( continued ) 79 . continued : hedda well , that 's different . mavis gather she purse and give she mother a perfunctory kiss on the cheek . hedda ( cont 'd ) I suppose this neighborhood be get very young . mavis ' bye , mom. I 'il call . hedda go ahead , lie to I . she offer mavis she cheek for a kiss . mavis oblige . hedda ( cont 'd ) ( fondly ) peeper . be well . mavis get out of the car . hedda drive away . Matt stub out he cigarette . mavis that be my mother . I would prefer if she do not know where I be stay . Matt nod . mavis ( cont 'd ) ( serious ) you do not know what she 's capable of . matt I understand . mavis stand there on the sidewalk , emotionally exhaust . Matt smile , naturally intuit she pain . mavis smile back , weary . mavis wanna go smoke in the wood or something ? Matt stand up , with effort . matt you hold ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis ( as if ) no . matt I get some . Matt reach for he crutch and move gingerly down the hill toward mavis . ext . wood behind the school - night mercury High be light up like a brick prison . past the football and soccer field , there 's a small wood area . mavis and Matt trek through the overgrowth . mavis shiver in she tank top . she reach into she purse and take out the red sweatshirt she find at she parent 's house . she pull it on . it 's a traditional high school p.e. shirt . on the front label , there 's a large surname write in Magic marker : slade . buddy glance at the shirt but do not say anything . mavis we school be so ugly . it look just like a factory . matt it use to be a rubber fabrication plant in the ' 20 . mavis you know everything . mavis take a swig from a flask . she touch a tree trunk fondly . mavis ( cont 'd ) this wood be like fuck city back in the day . I remember be out here with a few different guy . naturally , none of they know what they be do , but I ... matt ( interrupt ) I do not know you be a slut . mavis I be not. ( cruelly ) I be normal . ( continued ) 81 . continued : matt I have not be to this place since then . mavis rest comfortably against a tree , still indulge in high school sex memory . mavis I neither . and I do not particularly miss that day . if I want someone to touch my pussy the wrong way , I ’1ll just call my ex - husband ... matt this be where I get hurt . mavis do not know what to say . mavis ah . I do know that , I think . matt no you do not . mavis I know it be somewhere around here. ( awkward ) I be sorry . be this trigger ? matt no , it 's okay . ( beat ) look different here anyway . I think they clear away a lot of it when they build that new science building . mavis what be it like , when that guy be beat you ? I mean , do you mind my ask . do you say something to set they off ? matt you want all the dirt , huh ? mavis oh please , it 's so old . I be just curious . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 82. ( 2 ) mavis ( cont 'd ) I mean , I be with you every day -- for whatever reason - - and you have you gimp stick and that you get the migraine and all that , so I be curious . what be it like to get beat like that ? matt I do not really think about it much anymore , mavis . I be a pretty positive guy . not everyone wallow in pain like you do . you practically jerk off to you life 's worst moment . mavis flinch as if physically injure . mavis I do not jerk off to anything . how dare you ? oh my God , Matt , that 's so insensitive . you do not know what I have overcome . matt the heartbreak of split-end ? mavis why be you be a asshole all of a sudden ? matt I might as well catch up . you have have a 20 - year head start . mavis I think it 's time for I to go home to minneapolis . I want to go back to the city . I do not know why I be here , I do not know how I get involved with a marry man ... matt you be not involved with he ! Jesus ! it 's sad ! mavis ( sarcastic ) oh yeah , Matt , devout husband and father go to bar alone with they ex- girlfriend all the time . they call they privately to invite they to thing . they make out with they on the porch .... ( continued ) continued : 83 . ( 3 ) matt he do not make out with you . I bet my oma kiss I harder than that at Christmas . mavis you be not there . it be really intense and passionate . ( point ) this be he shirt . the giant slade on the front of the shirt could not be more obvious . matt yes , I notice . and fyi , you look completely insane wear it . look , I do not know what he 's do with you , or what you think he 's do with you , but I do know that whatever it be , it 's not cool , and it 's you fault . and you be shitty for want it . also , and I just want to get this out in the open , buddy slade be a moron . mavis well , you be hardly perfect , Matt . all you care about be that some kid jump you 20 year ago . you lean on that crutch and you lean on people , and you and I both know that you have use the whole thing as a excuse to be a failure . matt you do not know anything about what happen to I ! that jock you use to put out for -- they shattered my leg , they bashed in my skull , they mangle my junk so I have to piss and cum sideways for the rest of my life , and they leave I for dead . thing be not so great '' down south . '' I can barely have fuck myself , let alone another person . mavis you can get past that . you have to move on ! ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) matt this , come from someone who 's still try to get a retake on she senior photo . ( beat ) stop see buddy . with he wife , without he wife , do not matter . stop see he in you mind . just stop . it 's wrong . mavis you could care less about right or wrong . you be just jealous because as it turn out , he might actually want to be with I . Matt laugh angrily . matt get a guy hot for you be not some blue ribbon accomplishment . Big deal . you be pretty . and skinny . and frankly , it 's not real unusual for a bored middle age guy to be flirt with a blonde bitch . you be a generic fantasy . you be just a frame in the highlight reel . mavis 's voice be quieter than usual . mavis let 's get out of here . matt you be not he soul mate . Beth be . 84 . mavis be walk toward the street . she turn to he with a false not of compassion in she voice . mavis it 's really a shame that you be like this . if you have a good personality , none of the other stuff would matter to people . matt right , no one would care about my break body . sure , people see past that shit every day . hey , why do not you use my crutch as a metaphor again ? that be really masterful . ( more ) ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 5 ) matt ( cont 'd ) you should put that in one of you little teenage storey . God know you do not know anything about be a adult . mavis there 's a reason why you and I can not be real friend . matt because you be crazy ? you have not change at all . I bet you still have a '' ugly best friend '' who make you feel better about yourself . right ? ( call after she ) I bet you still flirt with any man who will give you the validation you so desperately crave . mavis walk away , huddle in she sweatshirt . she refuse to show emotion . Matt lean against a tree , tired from stand , and watch she disappear . int . '' kentacohut '' - the next day music up : begin montage mavis sit alone in the gloomy restaurant . she eat a combo platter that showcase the very best of kfc , pizza Hut and Taco Bell . int . tinseltown video - evening mavis enter the big , chain video store Matt urge she to avoid . the light be fluorescent , sickly . she face a massive wall of dvd , surround by bright promotional placard and stuff toy . all 50 dvd be identical . a sign read '' we have it in stock -- guaranteed ! '' int . motel room - night mavis watch a romantic comedy with John cusack . she drink . 86 . int . motel room - morning mavis wake up again . baguette be cradle in she arm like a teddy bear . int . motel room - day mavis skype semi-successfully with Vicki . even though she 's just a couple of hour away , Vicki look as though she 's in Iraq . a african - american man peek into the chat window , wave hello to mavis , and kiss Vicki on the cheek . Vicki look happy . int . mavis 's car - day mavis be dolled up in another one of she indie designer dress . today be the day of buddy 's party , and it 's the perfect excuse to look she best . she drive she mini Cooper into a strip mall parking lot . music under . end montage . int . baby r’ US - day mavis walk in , overwhelm by all the bright , adorable merchandise . she stroll down the aisle , look lithe and alien next to all the dumpy mom buy breast pump and onesy . her high heel clack against the dirty linoleum . she approach a display of beribbone burp cloth and look at they . a young dad be shopping nearby . he 's fairly paunchy and average - look , but he and mavis exchange smile . mavis posture expertly , be cute with he . her stance be pigeon -to , she smile be radiant . she 's a incredible flirt . dad be enchant . mavis 's smile last a beat too long , and dad 's begin to fade imperceptibly . ext . strip mall - day mavis walk to a barne & Noble - type mega bookstore . 87. int . bookstore - day mavis walk through the Young adult section . a college - aged manager in a employee polo take inventory nearby . mavis ( to associate ) do you have the waverley prep book ? associate yeah , they have get they own display table over there . he point to a table heape with the pastel spine of various waverley prep title . mavis ( pleased ) wow . they must be really popular . associate actually we just have a lot of surplus stock we be try to clear out . they be a big thing a couple of year ago , but now they be end the series . mavis oh ! I doubt that . associate nope , it 's true . we get a letter from the publisher . and the computer say '' do not shelve , '' so ... mavis walk over to the table . she sift through the book until she find one of she own : do not Count on it . the cover art depict two attractive teenage girl face each other in a confrontation . the subtitle read : what isabella want , isabella get . below that , the name jane macmurray in prominent type . mavis clear she throat . mavis ( to associate ) May I borrow you pen ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : the associate oblige . mavis open the book to the flyleaf and begin to write in a unsubtle way . the associate notice . associate be you write in there ? mavis I be the author . I be signing it . the associate still look concerned that he merchandise be be vandalize . mavis ( cont ’d ) ( of fend ) I be buy it , do not worry . associate you be Jane macmurray ? mavis no. Jane macmurray create the series , but I write the book . I be mavis Gary . crane . see ? she point to the flyleaf , which do indeed read : '' Story by Jane macmurray . written by mavis Gary - crane . '' associate do you know Jane macmurray ? mavis I know she very well . ( indignant ) I write this book . associate okay . wow . mavis turn she attention back to the book . with a shaking , impatient hand , she write : dear kendra . please enjoy this book . I hope you read other thing as well , because one cannot live on waverley prep alone . believe I , if this kind of shit be all that matter to you , you be go to have problem in life . :- ) xoxo best wish , mavis Gary ( crane ) . she sign she name with a flourish and hand the pen back to the associate . mavis would you like a sign copy for the store ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) associate no , that 's fine . mavis grab another book , wield she pen threateningly . mavis I 'il sign as many as you want . it add value to you stock . associate yeah , but when merchandise be sign , we can not send it back to the publisher . mavis why would you send this back to the publisher ?! associate wull ... we be probably not go to sell they . the series be do . hey ... mavis be rapidly , manically signing another book , make she signature as big as possible . she reach for another . as the associate move toward she , she slam it shut , back away from the table . mavis okay . Fine . int . / ext . buddy 's house - day mavis stand on the porch , hold a baby gift ina decorative bag . she ring the doorbell . buddy 's mother , jan answer . she 's in she 60 's and have basically let herself go . her voice be as coarse as she short hair . mavis hi , Jan . jan well ! it 's be a very long time since I have see you . mavis I have be a busy lady . ( continued ) 90 . continued : jan so I hear . buddy 's be very busy , ha ha ! and bethie . I be finally a grandma . mavis I be so glad for you . buddy intercept at just the right moment . buddy hey there . he reach for mavis , who hug he enthusiastically . mid - hug , mavis look at Jan over buddy 's shoulder . it 's a aggressive , point stare . Jan stare back . mavis I bring a present . she offer the gift bag awkwardly . mavis ( cont 'd ) they be just um , burp cloth . buddy great , we always need more puker . ha ha. jan ( interject ) but it 's all1111 worth it . buddy hey Mom , I think Beth need help with the endive thing . jan grandma to the rescue ! Jan scurries off to the kitchen . the small house be crowded with friend and relative . people be spilling out into the yard . daniel , the suspicious babysitter from the other night , be socialize across the room . he see mavis and give she the stink eye . she return the look with she best pretty girl death stare . mavis turn she attention back to buddy , smile . she reach into she purse and hand the waverley prep book to buddy . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis ( to buddy ) here 's that book . for kendra . you niece . buddy be grateful , but he barely glance at the book . buddy hey , thanks ! she 's not here , but I will send it to she . mavis gaze at buddy , savore this rare moment of '' alone time '' even surround by chaos . mavis there 's a character in this one that I base on you . buddy ( distract ) hm ? mavis in the book . I mean , I name he ashby , but it 's so blatantly you . when you read it , it 'il be obvious . buddy I hope he 's cool . mavis laugh nervously . mavis we be not even suppose to do that . we be suppose to stick to this character bible ? but I manage to slip it through . I have some thing I want to say to you so I think I would use the book to -- mavis realize buddy be totally distract . he 's grab a little boy and have turn the shriek child upside - down . the boy 's giggle drow out mavis . buddy ( playful ) get outta here , Carter -bug ! he release the boy and smile at mavis . you be say ? mavis you must be overwhelm , buddy . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 3 ) buddy because of the party ? mavis because of all of it . buddy ( not get it ) yeah . yeah , totally . it overwhelm I every day , how happy I be . mavis but you be not . buddy what ? Jan re-enter hold the baby . jan look who 's up ! people immediately crowd around the baby . buddy hi , sweet pea . he tenderly take the baby from Jan , delight the assemble relative . everyone love a daddy with he baby girl . mavis watch the '' show '' as woman coo over buddy 's paternal styling . she try to smile , but there 's unmistakable scorn in she eye . mavis wander away toward a fold table that 's be set up as a makeshift bar in the overcrowded room . she pour herself a shot of Jim beam , check to see if anyone 's look , and downs it . swallow . repeat . in the background , a musical infant toy begin play '' yankee doodle . '' Jan sing along with it loudly and tunelessly . jan ( sing ) yankee doodle come to town , riding macaroni . you be my special baby girl , you be a special baby . hooray ! 93 . ext . buddy 's yard - day mavis move through the yard , now clutching a fruity drink that 's nearly go . she 's stumbling a little , drink too fast . everything look grotesque . all this pale , simple people , they potato salad and they punch ... mavis be sick . Mary ellen and some other mom be hang out near the food . Mary ellen see mavis and murmur something to the clique . they laugh , do a crappy job of disguise they disdain . buddy call for people 's attention . buddy hey , listen up everyone . everyone oblige . buddy ( cont ’d ) I have a little surprise for everyone , so if you will just direct you attention to the garage ina few minute ... buddy race off mysteriously . buddy 's mother turn proudly to a matronly friend of hers and begin dish quietly . the whole conversation be barely audible . jan it 's a '' push present . '' have you hear of this ? it 's a new thing , apparently . friend push ? jan you know , because she push out the little one . Jan do a comical little squat to demonstrate . friend ahhhh ! that 's different ! the word '' different '' have a special connotation in Minnesota . ( continued ) 94 , continued : but mavis be not pay attention to this conversation . she wander in a daze . her hand be shaking as she reach for a cigarette . beth mavis ? be you okay ? mavis I would be if I could get a drink . beth there 's some right here . she reach for a pitcher of punch , but be temporarily distract by a older relative . beth ( cont 'd ) what ? oh no , she 's fine with grandpa right now . thank you , uncle bob. she turn back toward mavis and accidentally bump against a party guest . most of the punch splashes onto the front of mavis 's minidress . Beth ( cont 'd ) ( stammer ) oh ! i’1l get something ... mavis oh my God . oh my god. fuck you ! fuck you ! Beth back off , blink . the edge on mavis 's voice grab people 's attention . conversation stop . mavis laugh . mavis ( cont 'd ) I be just joke , Beth . God , you should see you face . you be just stand there like a big lump . Beth 's confuse half - smile fade . mavis ( cont 'd ) no , just kid . for real , I love you jersey . she tug on the sleeve of Beth 's loose - fitting , square - shape dress . it do look a bit like a football jersey . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) mavis ( cont 'd ) ( chant softly ) let 's go , injun , let 's go . ( clap clap ) Beth remind patient . beth I will go get a rag . mavis you guy sure have a lot of rag around here . burp cloth , whatever . hey , use some 'a mine that I just buy you . everyone be stare at mavis . mavis ( cont ’d ) the funny thing be , I actually could have have this party a long time ago . I mean , this very same party . buddy and I be together for four year . ( nodd toward Jan ) Jan know . Jan look away , already mortify . mavis ( cont 'd ) remember ? we be inseparable , in more way than one ! ooh , I be sorry , Jan , kirk ... buddy get I pregnant . a few embarrassed gasp from the crowd . Beth appear , proffering a rag . beth ( quietly ) you want to clean up , mavis ? mavis no , do not worry . it 's linen . it 's fuck . 95 . Beth gently and discreetly try to towel off mavis , but mavis resist , push she away . mavis ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) wait , I be tell a story . buddy get I pregnant when I be 20 , when we be almost break up . ( more ) ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 3 ) mavis ( cont ’d ) and I decide to keep it , be you hearing this ? we be go to keep the baby like this -- we be go to have a baby and a name party and a funquarium and little fruit hat and all that . and nine week in , I have , well , I have buddy 's miscarriage , which I would not wish for -- to happen to anyone . even if they totally deserve it . shock silence . Beth look like she want to die . mavis ( cont 'd ) maybe if thing have be a little bit more hospitable , you know , down south , in my break body , buddy and I would be here right now . with a teenager , and probably even more kid . we always come back to each other . always . do not we , Jan ? the garage door open noisily . reveal buddy 's leg , then buddy 's entire body , then buddy 's smile face . he stand expectantly next to a brand new drum kit . there 's a jaunty bow tie to the ride cymbal . nobody say a word . buddy you guy , it 's a new drum kit for Beth . a elderly man clap dutifully . a few people join in , but most people be still whisper . buddy hit the crash cymbal for emphasis , confuse . Beth have tear in she eye , but manage to croak out a response . Beth thank you , honey . buddy what 's wrong ? Beth can barely speak . Beth nothing . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 4 ) mavis be laugh . mavis what do you mean , nothing ? what 's wrong with you ? be you one of that kid who need a chart to learn feeling ? why be you cover for I ? stand up for yourself , Beth ! jan that 's enough , mavis ! you be drunk as a skunk ! Beth Mom , it 's okay . Beth move closer to mavis , put she hand on mavis 's back . mavis I have be drunk the whole time I have be back and nobody give a fuck until ( indicate Beth ) this one get bent out of shape ... she stumble away from Beth . buddy charge forward and herd she over to the fence , try to move she away from the crowd . buddy ( hushed ) what the hell be you do ? my wife invite you here . you would not be here , otherwise . mavis you invite I , buddy . buddy Beth practically force I to call you . I mean , she even stand there and supervise to make sure I have do it . she feel sorry for you . I have be try to blow you off the whole time you have be in town , but Beth be a really good person , you know ? and it 's obvious you have be have some ... mental , uh , sickness , some depression , and you be very lonely and confuse . ( more ) ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 5 ) buddy ( cont 'd ) so she make I invite you even though I know it would be a mistake . I know it . Beth have join buddy by he side . her face be crease with worry . mavis ( to buddy ) you be lie . Beth 's voice be low and sad . beth he 's not . mavis look at Beth 's face . her eye be full of pity and concern . still sympathetic ! mavis what about now ? do you hate I now ? I hate you , so it should be easy . what the fuck be wrong with you people ? mavis try to stagger out of the yard , but accidentally miss the gate . buddy mavis . mavis ( depart ) I come back for you . for you . and I hate this town . it 's a hick lake town that smell like fish shit . I just want you to know that . mavis leave . someone hand Beth the baby . Beth hold she daughter close . int . / ext . matte house - dusk the doorbell chime . Matt limp to the door . Sandra watch America 's funniest Home video in the background . Matt open the door to reveal mavis , weep hysterically . her dress be cover in punch , and she 's practically incoherent . mavis I screw up so bad ! I screw up so bad ! ( continued ) 99 . continued : Matt fold mavis into he arm . her hair be in she face . as she weep , she push it away , then pull viciously at it , she finger scramble compuslively over the bare , pink spot behind she ear . matt do not do that ! Sandra be watch , dumbstruck , from she beanbag chair . she 's horrify by the sight of she idol / nemesis rip at that perfect blonde hair . sandra stop ! stop ! I love you hair ! it 's so beautiful ! this be the most emotion Sandra have show in year . matt I get it , Sandra . he grab mavis by she arm and guide she to he room as she sob violently . mavis throw herself on Matt . he lose he balance and fall onto the bed . matt ( cont 'd ) you be scare I . mavis weep , sniffle into Matt 's T-shirt . mavis I be crazy . and no one love I . matt you be very lovable . mavis you do not love I . matt guy like I be bear automatically loving woman like you . we spend the rest of we life in reverse , try to make it stop . mavis I go to buddy 's house . matt what happen ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis start weep again . her eye be a mess . she bat ineffectually at she face with a mascara-smeared hand . matt ( cont 'd ) what happen ? mavis my dress be ruin . she reach down and pull off she stain dress in one rapid gesture . she 's not wear a bra , just cotton underwear . Matt shrink away . matt let I get you a shirt ... mavis kneel there , stare at he , not try to cover herself up . she sniffles . mavis I want you shirt . Matt look down at he hane beefy tee . matt I do not know if athletic grey be you color . mavis look at he , shirtless and helpless . shake , Matt remove he shirt and hand it to mavis . mavis hold the shirt against she body for a moment , then lay it aside . Matt be not the type of guy who feel comfortable without a shirt . his arm be cross . mavis you hide I . she reach for Matt . he can not help but reach back , partially to embrace she , but also so they both feel less naked . they hug tightly , obscure each other 's bare chest . it 's Matt , surprisingly , who tip mavis down onto she back . he bury he face into she hair . from underneath , mavis help Matt take off he pants . she pull off he underwear , expose he completely . her own underwear be so small they barely count . neither of they be really move , but Matt 's in between she leg . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 3 ) they start to rock back and forth . mavis 's hand rake Matt 's back and bare ass as if they be make love . CUT to : int . matt 's house ( bedroom ) - later silence . room tone . Matt and mavis be under the cover now , lie next to each other . Matt 's voice come out in a stunne croak . matt Beth 's band be terrible . mavis shrink at the mention of Beth . mavis what ? matt you hear I . ter-ee-blay . mavis ponder this quietly . then . mavis but they be all mother . everyone think it 's so admirable . matt I suppose it 's admirable to make time for art . but from a technical perspective , they be absolutely wretch . a moment of silence . then , Matt lean in , as if tell mavis a important secret . matt ( cont 'd ) I would even say they be the worst band I have ever see . mavis really ? ( long beat ) in what way ? matt well . you know I work at Champion 's so I see a lot of really bad local act come through . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 . continued : matt ( cont 'd ) like a blue traveler cover band , except they guy could not play the harmonica . so they have a kazoo . ( chuckle ) and you know , lot of teenager who can not even tune they instrument properly . hairy chick who can not sing . all kind of untalented people . but Beth 's band , they be the musical nadir . the worst . for sure . mavis I hate that Mary ellen girl . matt I think she have a e.d . she come in once and order three buffalo wing , and ask I how many point they be . mavis ha ! I know she be starve herself . she be a parade float in high school . matt anyway , I just want you to know . mavis okay . she play it casual , but she 's smile in the darkness . Matt wait a few moment , but he have a question he can not keep to himself . matt why buddy ? mavis 's respond in a sleepy whisper . mavis he 's a good man . he 's kind . matt be other guy unkind ? mavis 's voice break . mavis sometimes . Matt listen . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) mavis ( cont 'd ) he know I when I be at my best . matt you be not you best then , mavis . I see you every day . you have this little mirror in you locker . it be shape like a heart , and you look at that mirror more than you ever look at I . and I be at my best . mavis reach over and put she hand on Matt 's face . she look at he for a long time , widen she eye exaggeratedly . stare . they be nose to nose . mavis sniffles , but Matt do not pull away . mavis ( finally ) there . int . matt 's house ( bedroom ) - morning mavis wake up in Matt 's bed . Matt be still asleep . she slip out easily and put on she soile dress . int . matt 's house ( downstair ) - morning mavis creep downstairs . Sandra be stand in the kitchen wash dish before work . she wear nurse 's scrub and the side of she perm hair be slicked back into a date half - ponytail look . a coffee pot percolate on the counter . Sandra turn around and see mavis . Sandra 's face be bare and homely . a morning face , on a non-morn person . mavis good morning . sandra hi. mavis coffee ? Sandra nod . mavis walk into the kitchen and take two mug off the counter . ( continued ) 104 . continued : one say '' I hate my job , but I need the $ $ $ . '' the other have a kitten on it . she pour coffee into both mug and push one across to Sandra . sandra thank you . mavis how about some milk ? sandra okay . mavis walk to the refrigerator . she pour some milk into Sandra 's cup . mavis tell I when . sandra that 's good . mavis lean against the counter , regard Sandra . mavis how be you ? Sandra do not know what to say . mavis ( cont 'd ) tell I about yourself . sandra ( shy ) . I work at the hospital . mavis that 's great . sandra do you still write that book ? mavis no . the series be over . it be cancel . I be actually write the last book right now . sandra what happen ? int . mavis 's car —- morning mavis drive back to the motel in she stain dress . 105 . int . motel room - morning mavis enter . the room be in shamble . there 's some dog shit in the background . she scoops baguette into she arm , genuinely feel horrible for have leave he all night . mavis I be sorry , I be sorry , I be sorry . I will not leave you like this again . baguette lick she , immediately forgive like all dog . mavis ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , baguette . I be sorry . she bury kiss in he fur over and over again . she start cry . int . motel lobby - day mavis appear with she luggage and dog in tow . the original blonde front desk girl be work . front desk girl check out ? mavis yes . mavis slide she two key card onto the desk . front desk girl they do not need this back . no one ever return they . you can put they in a scrapbook or whatever . mavis I be not sentmimental . front desk girl how be you feel ? mavis I do not have diabete . front desk girl ( of fhande ) oh . that 's good . you could lose a foot like the guy who clean we pool . ( continued ) 106 . continued : mavis sign a receipt . front desk girl ( cont ’d ) if you want one of that donut , you can have it . even though you be already check out . I could let it slide . sure enough , there be cheap donut pile on a tray in the corner . mavis yeah ? int . motel parking lot - day mavis eat a donut as she pile she stuff into the car . int . mavis 's car - day mavis drive down the highway , listen to local radio . baguette stick he head out the window . int . roadside denny 's - day mavis sit in a booth and type on she laptop . we read : yes , ashby be dead . but isabella would survive . she have be accept to Harvard , after all , and she have she whole life ahead of she . '' life , here I come '' isabella declare . mavis pause , then resume type . the end int . mavis' car - later that day the car leave the roll hill of Northern Minnesota behind as we enter the congest twin city area . int . minneapolis - dusk a downtown bridge span the Mississippi River . a scenic overlook . mavis sit behind the wheel , expressionless . ( continued ) 107 . continued : mavis get out of the car and look out at the river . the overlook be precarious , and she skid on the incline . she stop and return to the car for a moment . she climb into the driver 's seat and pop in buddy 's mix CD . Music pour over she as she close she eye tightly , sink into the seat . ext . graduation ceremony ( fantasy ) - sunset ambient cheering and crowd noise . it 's a lavish graduation ceremony at the fantasy school . we blonde student -- mavis -- wear a blue graduation cap and gown . she 's accessorise with a tiny gold pin that say harvard . she turn to a friend , mouth , '' I be outta here , '' with a arch of she eyebrow , and head up to the front of the room with queen - bee confidence . as she walk up to fetch she diploma , she smile like a supermodel . the crowd go wild with appreciation . diploma in hand , she reach up and flick the cap 's golden tassel from the leave side to the right , in the signature rite of passage . the cheer from the audience grow stronger . she gaze out at the crowd . we do not recognize anyone , until ... buddy appear in the front row . he stand up proudly , he arm fill with flower . her face light up as she recognize he . he 's always in she dream , never not there . the applause grow , and grow , and cut out suddenly . the end . % + eh