Young soul rebel young soul rebel screenplay by Paul hallam Derrick saldaan mcclintock and Isaac Julien 1 ext . CITY - night City silhouette . sunset . Main title : Young soul rebel soul sound and punk from 1977 : parliament : ' P. funk want to get funk up ' and X - Ray spex : ' Identity ' . a dj voice-over . he welcome the listener to ' Station we funk ... the mother ship connection ... dealer of funky music and p.funk ... ' credit over more of the dj 's upbeat patter : ' soul patrol on 107 fm ... uncut funk across London town ... ' the dj tell he listener to come to the crypt place / and get some funk in you face ... before announce a tune , the blackbyrds : ' rock Creek Park ' . subtitle : London , June 1977 - the Queen 's Silver Jubilee . 2 ext . park - night a blue-black summer sky . City road sound in the distance . the quiet be break by a radio . a young black man climb over the Park fence , move into the bush . he change station on he radio cassette recorder , tune into soul patrol . the young black man press the ' record ' button . the station dj announce Roy ayer : ' running away ' , a song with a upbeat tempo yet a downbeat lyric : we do not love each other / like we use to do ... running away ... running away ... you do not do the thing you use to do / running away ... the young black man be not alone in the Park . men weave slowly through the bush . leave rustle , twig crack . shadows and silhouettes . the young black man rest against a tree . match be strike . the flame come and go like firefly . the young black man watch the movement . suddenly a white hand stroke the young black man 's arm . the white man 's voice be unnaturally quiet , edgy . it could be seductive , it could be violent . it have a disguise quality . the white man reach for the cassette player . he try to turn down the volume . young black man that 's a firm hand . what ya want ? do not mess with the sound , man . white man turn it down mate , draw attention . do not want a audience . the young black man hold the cassette player away from the white man . white man like it down ' ere , do yer ? come down ' ere regular ? the white man snatch again at the cassette player , turn the radio down . the music stop but the ' record ' button be still depressed . the white man pull the young black man towards he in a rough movement . young black man yeah , but I be not see you before . so leggo mar han ' ... I be not into no rough stuff , right ? the young black man rest the cassette player on the ground . he kneel , start to rub at the white man 's crotch . white man cute , be not yer ? young black man so ya wanna get to know I ? white man wot 's yer name ? young black man name ? you a policeman or what ? white man just be friendly , tell we yer name . young black man man , you be one stubborn white bwoy . ok - Terry . Friends call I t.j. they kiss , but the white man turn violent . he grip t.j. by the neck . there 's a brief and angry struggle . the white man 's hand grab at the cassette recorder . the white man run through the Park . on the ground - two men make love , the white man stumble over they ... he drop the cassette recorder . 3 int . garage - night the pirate radio station , hide round the back of a break down car . at the back of the garage . CHRIS , a nineteen year old light - skinned youth and caz , darker skinned and a bit older , be at the turntable . CHRIS 's face be reflect in a rotate record . the minimal lighting reveal little of the room , but the two dj be clearly dress soul-style . the last bar of ' running away ' play . CHRIS be at the ready . he speak into a microphone . CHRIS and finally from the player Association : ' I like it ' - out now on the vanguard label . this be Chris ... caz and this be caz , come to you live on ... CHRIS and caz soul patrol . caz East London 's most exclusive P. funk station ... remind you to boogie down Club 7 tomorrow ... CHRIS and caz eight till late . CHRIS see you there . caz bye ... CHRIS and caz and may the funk be with you ! CHRIS spin in he chair towards caz . they clap hand in air , pleased the session go well . 4 ext . car - night caz drive to the Park . CHRIS be laid back in passenger seat . caz pull up sharply . the car headlamps light up a poster on the Park railing . a punk -graphic style ad for a ' fuck the Jubilee ' concert . caz you go to the concert ? CHRIS oh leave it out . the only music they be into be the ' livin-in-a- Babylon - I - no - have - no-nice - time ' music . caz smile at the exaggerated jamaican accent . CHRIS relax , take out a spliff . caz funk the Jubilee , now that would be we event ! CHRIS that 's right . this be for punk a ' hippie . so why be we stoppin ? caz I think I might get a bit of air ... CHRIS likely story ... I will see myself home then ... you be ba ... ad ! CHRIS draw on the spliff . then hand it to caz . 5 ext . park - night murderer be Point of View ( Pov ) CHRIS climb out of the car , caz follow . CHRIS head off towards the estate . caz walk into the Park . like t.j. before he , he climb over the fence . 6 int . barbershop - day a small and intimate barbershop , like someone 's front room . image of famous black man on the wall - Muhammad Ali , Martin luther King - a hall of fame mix in with the usual barbershop postcard and frame certificate . a middle - aged black man and two boy wait they turn . the barber cut CHRIS 's hair . caz be in the background . he flick through a soul magazine . the cover : Britain 's soul scene : the good , the bad and the plastic ! CHRIS hey , I can show you how to do a duck 's arse . barber look man . I do the best duck 's arse in dalston ! the boy fall about laugh at the mention of ' duck 's arse ' . caz call across to the barber . caz Mr Lloyd , can I turn up the juice ? barber ah , go on , man . as caz turn up the stereo , the barber hold a mirror to show CHRIS the cut at the back . barber have a look ... CHRIS yeah , man , you be not bad at all ... barber bless cheek ! a older black man walk into the barbershop . he speak quietly and soberly so that the boy do not hear . older man see dem kill a black bwoy in the Park las ' night ? middle - aged man what d' you say ? older man they kill a bwoy in the Park las ' night . man call James , Terry James . CHRIS turn in the chair , shocked at the news . caz walk out of the barbershop as another man enter . 7 ext . STREET - day caz walk to he car , he lean on the roof . he climb into the drive seat . he rest he head on the steering wheel . rain pour down the windscreen . CHRIS join he in the car . caz I know it be not right , but I keep think it could have be I , ya know ? CHRIS how dyer know it be roun ' that bit of the park ? caz why else would t.j. be in the park for fuck 's sake ? CHRIS I do not mean it like that . caz. Christ , I know ' im as well yer know . caz t.j. Chris ... t.j.... CHRIS yeah ... t.j.... fuck ... caz ai not 'ave it Chris . it be not real . not t.j. CHRIS the man say the filth ' ave be swarmin ' roun ' the estate this morning ' - askin ' question . you do not see 'im ? caz not last night . there be ' ardly anyone there . I think it be quiet ... 8 int . underground car - park - day caz drive into the car-park . CHRIS climb out the passenger door . he walk round to the driver 's side . the window be wound down . caz stay in the car . CHRIS so yer definitely not gonna come wiv we ? it do not ' ave to be today ... caz I be not stoppin ' ya . CHRIS caz , we have get to get some steady money in , mate . a ' I have get to get my mum off my back . d'yer know what I mean ? caz nod . caz just send I yer autograph when ya sign up wiv Metro . CHRIS look caz , I can not stop livin ' my life cause he 's dead , can I ? caz Rest it , Chris . I will see ya later . CHRIS where yer go ? caz make some effort to pull himself round . caz I be gonna go down and see roland ' bout some crisp new tune . you wait ... I will make tonight so damn funky even the white boy will shake a leg ! CHRIS some 'ope . a ' I think I be the dreamer . caz ow d'ya mean ? CHRIS comin ' to Metro for employment ! both smile . CHRIS rest he hand briefly on caz 's shoulder . he head off . caz drive towards the exit . 9 int . metro radio - day a impose foyer , tall wall , elegant . CHRIS steel himself to go through . work against the elegance of the foyer there be a extraordinary display of Jubilee tat . a vast crown with light and a fountain dominate the foyer . and on the staircase that lead off the foyer there 's a cardboard cut - out of the Queen , complete with mechanical wave arm . CHRIS 's colour and soul style stand out at Metro . there 's a compensatory cockiness to he step . he pass the security guard to speak to jill , the young white receptionist . CHRIS hi! jill hello , can I help you ? CHRIS ' ope so . I be 'ere to see Jeff . Jeff kane , soul show . CHRIS be he expect you ? CHRIS yeah , he say to pass by . I and ' im be good mate . jill know he 's blagging . that view be confirm when jeff kane pass through the foyer , acknowledge only herself . jeff kane hello , Jill . jeff make to leave . CHRIS look at jill ... she nod ... CHRIS pursue jeff . CHRIS Jeff kane ? hi , Jeff . my name 's Chris , Chris Morgan . I be a big fan of you show , man ... I want to talk to you about the station 's plan ... ' cos I and my partner caz , we would like ... jeff pat CHRIS 's shoulder . jeff kane thanks . glad you like the show . it 's good to meet listener . jeff kane wander away . CHRIS catch at he . CHRIS I be not just a listener ... we be dj ... we run a club , we would like to get more into radio , yer know ? jeff kane Club dj , radio dj ... not the same thing . do you know how many listener think they would make dj ? come on ... jeff gesture for CHRIS to follow he . CHRIS but we be good . anyway , you still play club , do not ya ? jeff kane less now . a few week ago I be book at some goddam club in Essex . they start give I this ten-per-cent black - entry crap , otherwise , they say , they regular be gonna cause some trouble . I tell they to sit on it . jeff gesture , CHRIS laugh . CHRIS but bout we be on the radio ... jeff kane send in a tape . make it quality . try tony cortin first , then keep hammer on he door . but I will tell you something ... a hour of soul a week be a hour too much for some . we get this patriotic listener out there , and they always ring . CHRIS I think you show be do well ? jeff kane it 's do great . that 's what they can not handle . but let I ask you something ... as jeff speak , a young black woman ( tracy ) come down the stair towards they . jeff kane ... do you play music for yourself - to party - or for the listener ? CHRIS I do not say at first , but I and my mate caz , we do not just do a club ... we run a station ourselves . CHRIS take tracy in . jeff kane okay , okay . you be serious . tracy tony 's scream for you upstairs . jeff kane I gotta run . send in that tape and keep complain ! jeff hold up a clench fist . jeff kane be down in twenty minute if you want to talk some more . CHRIS thanks ... yeah ... CHRIS and tracy smile at each other . jeff hurry up the stair . CHRIS watch as tracy follow . 10 ext . park - day a forensics man investigate the scene of the murder . he hand a bag of potential evidence to a policeman . Police radio sound in the background . the area around the scene of the murder have be cordon off with tape . caz walk into the Park , carry a contempo record carrier bag . the police continue they work , they dismantle a cloth screen . two middle - aged black women walk towards the scene of the murder . a policeman lift the tape to allow the women to duck under . they lay wreath by the tree where t.j. be kill . the women cry . a policeman eye caz suspiciously . caz catch the glance . 11 int . metro radio - later in the day tracy walk down the stair towards CHRIS . tracy I have see you before ... maunkberry 's . CHRIS no , Global Village . lacy 's ? gulliver maybe ? or be it Saturday lunchtime down the 100 ? I have see you somewhere , I know it . tracy nod . tracy so what be you do down here , apart from harass poor Jeff and make Security nervous ? most dj run a mile when a fan turn up ... Jeff 's fight to keep the soul show run and along come you say you want you own soul show . I think he be pretty polite consider ... CHRIS duck back , as if fend off the blow . CHRIS okay , cool ... I will split , yeah ? listen , 'ow do you get to work for he anyhow ? tracy I do not . I would not mind . I be on the ' in town tonight ' show - PA to the producer . CHRIS the ' in town tonight ' show ? CHRIS unfold a piece of paper from he pocket . CHRIS I will tell you what 's in town -- where that in the know go - that who tune into Radio soul patrol ! tracy chuckle . tracy soul patrol ? CHRIS 107 fm . it 's badly funky ! I will leave you name at the door . tracy oh ... CHRIS have perform the patter and chat - up line , now he make to go . tracy call he back . tracy you will leave a name at the door ? CHRIS yeah , sure ! tracy well , what be it ? CHRIS shame ! tracy Tracy ! plus one ... ! CHRIS smile . he and tracy part , CHRIS breeze past the security guard . 12 ext . park - day CHRIS walk across the Park . he keep to the path . there be a unease about he . the Park , the scene of the murder , now the site of everyday park pleasure . a jogger pound past CHRIS , startling he . CHRIS pass a policeman . CHRIS find he nine year old sister , trish . she 's with two of she friend . they be some way from where the murder take place . a quick hug for CHRIS from trish . she and she friend seem pleased to be talk to a ' big boy ' . trish jump to touch the new haircut . trish watcha , baldie ! CHRIS alright , trish ? what yer doin ' round ' ere ? trish Police would not let we play over there . bloke get kill . CHRIS yeah . I know . trish turn to she friend . trish my bruwa 's a soul boy , and I be a soul girl . trish break into she soul girl routine . she have obviously practise . she half -hum , half - sing as she dance . they sing and dance to El Coco : ' let 's get it together ' . trish stop the dance and take CHRIS to one side . trish will yer show we the formation dance ? I wanna show my mate , but it 's too ' ard . I can not rememba it . CHRIS one dance yeah ? a ' that 's it . mum will kill I , lettin ' you ' ang about ' ere . ready ? one...two ...three ... four ... the three girl fall into line as CHRIS turn , kick and step . neat , precise movement . the girl be good . the actual song over the girl ' leg as they do a formation soul dance step . finally trish break off , run to the nearby bush . trish get something to show yer . she pick up a batter radio cassette recorder , t.j. 's . Left in the murderer 's panic . CHRIS one ... two. ..three ...four ... trish hold the cassette player for CHRIS to see . trish shame this be break . CHRIS look it over . unimpress . CHRIS where d' ya get that ? trish found it ... can yer sell it for we ? CHRIS dunno ... it look well break . trish please . CHRIS alright , I will check it . come on girl ... they move to leave the Park . 13 ext . backstreet - day CHRIS , carry the cassette player , be follow by trish and the girl . they be still dance to ' let 's get it together ' . CHRIS listen trish , I will see ya back at the yard . yer dinner will be ready ... the girl dance away . CHRIS walk on alone . he pass a National Front slogan , paint on a railway arch wall . CHRIS bang he fist hard against the wall . the murderer ( see only from the back ) watch as CHRIS duck under the bridge ... walk on ... 14 int . garage - day the garage , site of the night - time pirate radio , now see more fully in the daytime . a large room , a certain grandeur to it . it 's almost a shrine to reggae / root / rasta . Red , green , gold ... in clothes , on album cover and poster . there 's a box punch - bag suspend from the ceiling and a rough and ready shower area . a battery of homemade speaker , loose wire , valve and a throbbing sound - reggae . carlton , caz 's brother , work on a engine in the middle of the room , he overall dirty with grease . as CHRIS enter , davis , a young black man , wrap a small parcel . he pull out a betting slip to do the job . his customer be a young , white punk , later identify as billibudd . billibudd yeah , nice gaff you get 'ere ... you get any wiz ? davis no suh ! we don deal in chemical . billibudd watch as CHRIS cross from carlton to davis , touch hand in greeting . CHRIS wait for billibudd to leave before speak . CHRIS you 'eard about the murder in the Park ? davis kiss he tooth . he clearly do not want to talk about it . CHRIS glance at billibudd . CHRIS look , it 's johnny rotten ... billibudd leave the garage . CHRIS gimme a three pound draw . davis pull out a plastic bag full of weed from he jacket , and another betting slip . he sprinkle a cluster of weed onto the slip before fold it up and hand it to CHRIS . CHRIS take it in one hand , put it to he nose and smell it . with the other hand he pay over three pound note . carlton go easy on the draw ya know Chris , minute ' it don ' lick aff ye 'ead ! davis take out the packet of drug . davis hold on a minute , don ' be in no haste . davis hand the weed to CHRIS and take the money . CHRIS any sign of caz ? carlton only see that brudda o' mine when 'e want something ... CHRIS test the cassette recorder from the park . it seem to be break . he flip out the tape and cross to the garage tapedeck . he take out the reggae tape , play the tape from the park . he 's excited to find the tape be of he and caz 's soul patrol station . on the tape : Roy ayer : ' running away ' . CHRIS you hear that man ! soul patrol ! davis tek aff that pretty bwoy music , man . unna soul bwoy ! ye wanna fling aff dem earring a ' tune into the root man , ye no see ? CHRIS bwoy , rest yerself . you be only into the root ' cos you can not dance ! everyone laugh . davis how you mean ?! the laughter increase as davis turn up the cassette and dance to the music . it 's a fast and furious dance , a satire on the soul Boy style . davis get wilder in the parody , he 's ready to end with a spot spin ... davis shuck ! the spin stop halfway ... two uniformed policemen and a cid man walk in on they . the cid man switch the cassette player off . carlton hey ! CHRIS oi , oi ... leave the tune .. carlton who ask you for come in here ? they ignore the question . the uniformed policemen rifle the shelf in the garage , knock thing about , upturn box , twist aerial and topple spare part for car . cid man whose premise ? carlton mine . so what ya sayin ? cid man terrence James . friend of yours , be not he ? he 's be murder . carlton we hear . so what ya gettin ' at ? cid man anywhere near the Park last night ? deal be you ? carlton what kind of fuckery you talkin ' about ? cid man well since he be suppose to be you mate , think you might have some idea about it . davis since when you interested in we idea eh ? eh ? but as you say you be why do not you go and check you skinhead friend first ? CHRIS ( to davis ) true . since when Babylon care inna black man murder ? cid man you say it son . let 's go . the cid man and the policemen leave as abruptly as they arrive . carlton punch the punch - bag in anger . 15 int . chris' bedroom - day caz be stretch out on Chris 's bed . he look intense , absorb . he swig whisky from a bottle . Jean carn : ' do not let it go to you head ' on the stereo . CHRIS come in . CHRIS last place I think I would find you ! caz ya mum let I in . CHRIS sit down beside he , notice the half - empty bottle , but say nothing about it . CHRIS filth be round the garage . makin ' enquiry a ' generally kickin ' the place in . a ' you bruwa want we out . come to think about it , it 's not safe now anyway . CHRIS pick up the contempo record bag . tip it up , look through the record . CHRIS great , yer get they new tune . caz yeah ... so what time you on Metro then ? wiv you go so long , take it they would give you a programme on the spot . CHRIS look , it be a waste of time , jus ' like you say . I speak to Jeff kane though ... great , you get the new slave ... caz mnnn ... mnnn ... CHRIS look , I make myself look a right wally . do that satisfy yer ? caz you actually meet Jeff kane ? CHRIS yeah , the man 'imself . hey , be that the new benson ? caz yeah , yeah . what would he say ? CHRIS he say a hour a week of soul be a hour too much for some - for a starter . lot of people go and see he , not so many pirate though , Tracy be sayin ' ... donna summer ?! caz the very latest . I 'ad to fight ' alf the gay disco dj to get that one . so who be Tracy ? CHRIS select a record to play . he look at one of the new one , it 's in a blank , white sleeve . CHRIS ow come there 's nothin ' on this label ? caz that 's a reject , be not it ? all the big label be bin the record now - well , they can not get the black band on tele , so they can not be bother to promote them . CHRIS as if they try though . CHRIS half - dance to the new record . he still have some of the other in he hand . CHRIS ... so what else ' ave we ? right , you get the new parliament , what about the Philly stuff ? caz I can not keep shelling out , can I Chris ? we be gonna have to get some advertisin ' ... CHRIS try that before . what we need be new listener , a bigger radius . caz yeah , betta aerial , it 's the only way . I will 'ave a word wiv Ken . CHRIS oh yeah ? a ' 'ow we gonna pay for that ? caz rub he hand together . caz ' Ave to sell my body ! CHRIS yeah , I can see you down the dilly , wiv yer ' sex ' trousers ! 16 ext . estate - day a man and a woman unfurl a large Union Jack . they drape it over the railing of a second - floor outside balcony . the beginning or the estate courtyard 's Jubilee decoration . 17 int . chris' bedroom - later in the day CHRIS search for a cassette . caz be seat on the bed absorb in a ' Black Music ' magazine . CHRIS be that where it be , in the box ? caz mnn ... yup ... yup ... ann , Chris 's mother , a white woman in she thirty , put she head round the door . she look to be halfway through get ready for a night out . ann ' lo caz . caz hello , ann. ann look to CHRIS . ann so 'ow do yer get on ? CHRIS forget it , mum . ann well yer go , do not yer ? what do he apply for caz ? CHRIS look mum , yer do not exactly apply . like I say , can you forget it please ? it 's a joke tryin ' there , be not it caz ? caz refuse to be draw . ann oh yeah , a ' it be not a joke play at bloody pirate ? Chris , when be you gonna bring some respectable money into this house ? CHRIS silently mimic she , it 's a speech he 's hear before . ann I be absolutely sick of it ... anyway , get off yer backside and take trish round to caz 's mum 's . I do not want she out on she own . CHRIS you out on the town again ? be not yer gettin a bit past it ? ann you cheeky bastard ! CHRIS can not argue wiv that , can I ? ann grab CHRIS by the ear . ann you be not too big for a clip round the ear , you know Chris . you get one of they funny cigarettes for I ? CHRIS mum do not smoke weed ! ann they smoke it if they pay for it . ann smack the side of CHRIS 's head . ann a ' if you touch my catalogue money again ... CHRIS alright mum , alright ! there yer go . CHRIS pass she a spliff . caz I will run trish over to mum 's for you . ann sit and lean towards caz . ann thanks caz .... I do not say anything earlier . well , what can yer say ? I be sorry about Terry . friend of yours , be not he ? caz just know he around . not close . but thanks anyway Ann . be trish ready ? ann yeah . Don ' say nuffin to she , will yer ? Bout the park . she know somebody 's dead , but I think that 's all she know . ow you s'pose to explain it to a kid ? can not even explain the bastard to meself . caz I know . ann it 's only a week since shuresh 's sister get attack . trish shout from the hall . trish mum . I be ready . caz yeah . anyhow , gotta go home and get change . gotta get sexy for tonight ! caz leave . ann slap CHRIS 's leg to demand attention . she hold up the spliff for he to light . 18 ext . redbrick estate - early evening sparky , a white boy , heavily tattooe , wear full skinhead gear , hang round the estate . paint smear on he clothes and a spray can jutting from he pocket . to get to the car , caz and trish have to pass he . sparky oi , soulhead , where 's yer boyfr ... oop , child present , where 's yer friend then ? caz do not change , do ya sparky ? always be a little slimebag at school , now you be a bigger one . sparky my feeling be really hurt now caz ... caz open the car door for trish to get in . he turn directly to sparky . caz yeah , well be thankful it 's only yer feeling . 19 int . CHRIS 's flat - evening Eddie Henderson : ' say you will ' on the stereo . CHRIS be stretch out , try to push himself into a pair of tight , black leather trousers . he tug the zip . they be at least two size too small . later : CHRIS have change he mind ... he zip up red leather trousers . he 's happier with the effect . he pull on tight cowboy boot , but decide against ... 20 ext . estate courtyard - evening caz , in a fresh outfit , return from drop trish off . sparky have be join by two mate , bigg and kelly . kelly be a mix - race skinhead . as caz 's car pull into the courtyard the gang hover round , half -block caz 's way . bigg wot you up to this day , caz ? we ' eard something bout some poncy little radio for all yer little soulboy . as biggsy speak , ken , a handsome if slightly go - to- seed man , age about thirty , appear in the shed area , in the background . caz secret list 'ner biggsy ? you use to be into it , do not ya ? bigg oi , you wanna watch yerself , soulie . uwerwise yer might find yerself arrest for one fing or the other .. caz notice ken and move to speak to he . away from the gang . caz you get a minute Ken ? want a word ... that mixer ya get we . ken yeah , what about it ? caz it 's duff ... ken oh , yer jokin ? look , tell yer what . I will come and ' ave a look at it . if I can not fix it I will find yer something else . something better this time . caz cheap ! I be not linin ' yer pocket again , Ken . specially if ya spend it on shirt like that !... sad . caz touch ken 's shirt with a gesture of distaste . caz Nah ... forget the mixer . I be afta a betta aerial , bigger radius . a a.h.? ken I will see what I can do for yer ... 21 int . CHRIS 's flat - night on the stereo the end of Eddie Henderson : ' say you will ' . CHRIS dance to the music , he 's still get ready . caz appear at the doorway . unnotice he watch CHRIS dance . caz enjoy the sight of CHRIS change , the successive revealing and conceal of flesh as CHRIS try to settle on a shirt . caz you be get thin ... CHRIS yeah , it 's all the ' ard work . caz I have notice ... caz nod approval at the final selection of shirt . CHRIS check out he overall look in the mirror . he 's satisfied . 22 ext . estate balcony ( overlook courtyard ) - night caz and CHRIS haul record out onto the balcony . they stop to briefly hug . part of the building up for the night . they're off ... 23 ext . estate courtyard - night but as caz and CHRIS head for the car , the gang be again in evidence . biggsy be perch on caz 's car bonnet . CHRIS hit biggsy with a record case . CHRIS hey , off the metallic ... biggsy slide off the bonnet , kelly play suggestively with the car aerial . kelly wanna play wiv yer aerial ! CHRIS hit kelly with the record case . kelly oi , watch the cloth , moth ! CHRIS piss off ! sparky intervene . sparky bit wound up , be not we ? wot you need be a party , Chris . comin ' to we little Jubilee get togewer ? you could wear you white suit , a ' I will wear mine ... CHRIS speak in mock East end white ... CHRIS think that be you style sparky , my son . a big hood to hide yer ugly face , a ' slit for yer nasty little eye . CHRIS have to push he way to the car , knock biggsy aside . bigg oh steady , rocky ... CHRIS join caz in the car . CHRIS give we a lug of that ... nice ... caz hand a spliff to CHRIS . 24 int . car - night as caz pull out of the estate , the gang make various obscene , trouser - drop style gesture . caz reverse sharply to make they jump out of the way . caz remain cool throughout . caz put a tape on the car cassette . the blackbyrds : ' time be move on '. CHRIS you do not think they 'ad anything to do wiv the murder ? caz leave it out , just the usual windin ' we up . CHRIS be not totally convinced . CHRIS yer neva can tell wiv biggsy 's lot . caz no , but if 'e have have anything to do wiv it , I will break he fuck neck . CHRIS I do not tell ya , do I ? I have a word wiv Ken about the a.h . he 's on the case . they slap hand , back to the mood of anticipation ... 25 int . the crypt - night a club in the crypt of a church . the odd tomb and engrave stone plaque remain , and the arch allow for small , disparate group to appear in , then disappear from view . it 's a young , mix crowd , 50 % black , 50 % white . mix gay and straight , male and female , punk and soul . most of the white crowd be punk . the punk stand round the edge like clump of decaye flower . caz and CHRIS move towards a raise altar-like platform . two female punk dj be behind the deck , play X - Ray spex : ' oh bondage up your ' , a strong punk dance number : punk pogo furiously on the dance- floor . there be a bit of banter between CHRIS , caz and the punk dj as caz set up a second table , ready to fadeout the X - Ray spex . CHRIS dig through he record collection . he select the player Association : 'I like it ? ' CHRIS this be Chris ... caz and this be caz . CHRIS and caz soul patrol . CHRIS you like it , 'I like it ' ... caz player Association . the player Association : 'I like it ' draw the soul crowd from behind the stone pillar to the dance - floor . some of the punk move away , other shift into the soul - dance , a altogether more engage and stylish dance . as the record continue , the floor fill . the dance be close . the unique and extraordinary mix of the seventies ' soul club emerge - girl dance with girl , boy with boy , girl with boy , punk with soul , black with white ... a long , hold view of the dance . CHRIS and caz touch hand as they see the crowd get down . they're at they close in create the club atmosphere . people join in and add to the music - with whistle , tambourine and shout ' whoop / whoop ' sound . tracy and jill from Metro Radio arrive , unseen by Chris . they stand at the edge of the dancefloor . tracy look a little out of place here , she South molton Street style too upmarket for this crowd . she be a bit older , a bit classier , less street . jill might be the right class , but she clothes be markedly high -street . she openly stare at the clubgoer , it 's clear she have not be to a club like it . jill and tracy knock back they fist drink . jill , in for a penny attitude , pull tracy to the dancefloor . CHRIS see the two woman make they way through the dancer , find a space . tracy edge they dance towards the dj rostrum . towards CHRIS . CHRIS go down to meet they , without say a word to caz . he dance alone at first , he 's a good , vain , self - absorb dancer . he dance alone till he know tracy be attention be firmly on he . he then break the pose and steer himself close ... caz watch as the trio of CHRIS , jill and tracy form . CHRIS look across to caz at the deck , break from the dance . tracy continue to dance with jill , but watch as CHRIS rejoin caz at the deck . caz and tracy exchange look . jill be distract by style and colour , ear pierce with multiple ear-ring , ' granny shoe ' , tight jeans , baggy trousers tightened at the ankle , plastic sandal , cowboy boot , point shoe , collarless shirt , rip fish - net stocking , jacket make out of plastic bag , maxi-skirt , mini-skirt ... and that 's just the soul crowd ! a punk then catch she attention , he wear a pair of Union Jack brief tack to he jacket . he notice as she laugh . tracy try to smile at CHRIS , but caz be in the way , and when he 's with caz , CHRIS seem to be avoid she . a black boy , he hair dyed blond , wear a very thick , purple mohair jumper , dance up to tracy . she accept the unspoken invitation to dance . though the dance involve hold hand , there be a distance between they . jill jump around with the underpant punk , send he and he dance style up ... the pattern on the dancefloor change . people form two circle . in the first - two black boy and a white boy . in the second - a black boy and black girl . we lose sight of jill and tracy . CHRIS and caz sort through they record , CHRIS keep a eye open for tracy . it 's a while before he speak . CHRIS do ya see that girl ? caz what girl ? CHRIS the one I be dancin ' with . Tracy . caz oh. CHRIS she 's the one I be tellin ' ya about ... work at Metro . caz she 's well out of you league . what ya ask she down ' ere for ? CHRIS do I object to you friend comin ' down 'ere ? caz na . Nice to be liberated , be not it ? CHRIS look caz , I do not mean it like that . hey ... what ya sayin ' ? caz rum and coke , large ! caz fade out the player Association , fade in : funkadelic : ' one Nation under a groove ' . CHRIS leave caz at the turntable . CHRIS push through the dancer , disappointed not to see tracy . quite close to the dj platform there 's a small group of punk . billibudd , the punk who try to score at the garage , be one of they . billi have he eye fix on caz . caz notice the cruisy stare and smile . CHRIS see jill and the punk , he laugh as she interrogates the soft -spoken , middle - class , art -school boy . jill knock back the drink . she nod at CHRIS but she attention be on the two man behind he - the man be kissing . CHRIS find tracy . she 's talk to the punk dj . he hover , wait for a chance to speak to she alone . ken , the equipment dealer , bump into CHRIS . ken look out of place in the club , he 's more a East end pub disco type . he manage to slop beer onto CHRIS 's shirt in the crush near the makeshift bar . CHRIS shit. Ken ! watch it wiv the drink ... tracy notice the drink incident . ken sorry ... sorry ... think I would come and check the club ... speak to caz ' bout the aerial today ... I be work on it . look , let I get you a drink ... CHRIS no. no , Ken ... no ... ken what , yer busy ? CHRIS yeah ... yeah ... CHRIS be clearly annoyed about the shirt , and he want to be on he own with tracy . ken get the message and leave . CHRIS turn to face tracy . CHRIS I be get them in . Tracy . do you want a drink ? tracy hold up she full glass . tracy I have get one thanks ... it 's a bit mad in here , nice though ! CHRIS yeah , listen Tracy , gimme a shout before you leave , yeah ? tracy you be not go to join we ? CHRIS I be gettin ' one in for caz . I will see you afta , yeah ? CHRIS smile and leave , push through to the bar . everybody know he . he turn down the gesture ' let 's dance ' from two guy do the bump at the edge of the dancefloor . dissolve : to much later in the evening . jill and tracy be well plaster . jill try to avoid the now rather press attention of the punk . jill stop it ... she steer tracy into a quiet corridor , away from the dancefloor . tracy what be you like ?... so what do you think of the crypt then Jill ? jill it 's good . I have never be to a coloured ... a black club before . not to mention one wiv bloke kissin ' in it . tracy it 's only fashion , Jill ... jill Nah ? tracy I be only kid ... ! jill laugh . jill you know what trace , when you first start at Metro I think you be a bit of a snob ... but we have 'ad a good laugh , be not we ? CHRIS , seek tracy out , interrupt . CHRIS Tracy , Tracy ..... so what you hidin ' from , eh ? jill a punk in red , white and blue underpant ! CHRIS my God , you 'ad he trousers off ? jill no ! they be on the back of he jacket ! they move back towards the dancefloor , laugh . but CHRIS clearly want to talk to tracy , jill be a bit in the way . she register the fact . jill God , I can see when I be not want . a punk place he arm round jill 's neck . punk oi , get dance ! they move into the dance . later : CHRIS and tracy in mid-conversation . tracy ... I do not know ... I want to extend it to club . what 's really happen . they have get no idea at Metro . the programme be dead . CHRIS yeah ... so what you suggestin ' then ? tracy I be suggest that you make up a tape , and leave the introduction to I . CHRIS be you serious ? tracy I be sick of be a PA I want to make some change Chris . be you interested ? CHRIS yeah , you bet ! CUT to : later in the evening . CHRIS at the deck . jill and tracy dance together , jill get a bit out of order , enjoy herself hugely . caz be by the bar . he talk to irvine , a young black man . irvine be dress in red , skin-tight jeans with see-through plastic pocket and a bright green top . in spite of be very much dress for the club , he 's visibly low . as they talk ken pass by . caz ignore he . caz it 's jus ' the think of t.j. lyin ' there ... that boy could really dance ... irvine do not think about it , girl , do not do no good ! caz laugh at the ' girl ' . he look over to a fairly quiet dancefloor , then up to CHRIS . CHRIS catch the look . CUT to : CHRIS change the record to the fast and funky sound of War : ' I and my baby brother ' . a line of dancer , predominantly black , form . they bump with shoulder , hand , hip , groin - the speaker tremble . caz and irvine join the dance . they give the dance everything they have get ... a undefeate , control yet wild dance . 26 ext . graveyard / STREET by club - night caz and CHRIS carry record case through the churchyard to the nearby sidestreet . they pass two punk women kissing . Jill 's underpant punk sit look startling and miserable on a tombstone . most of the club crowd have go . they be still half dance as they pack up for the night . CHRIS now that be ... soul patrol ... soul patrol ... caz that be a cool night . CHRIS yeah ... listen caz . I wanna make a tape up , somebody ask I . caz so what you up to now Chris ? CHRIS nothin ' ... jus ' need a few of the record . some of the import . I will get the last lot ... CHRIS go back to fetch the rest of the record . caz know he 's up to something , and he 's annoyed about it . a couple of men stagger up to the car . man 1 where would yer get the motor , man ? man 2 look at that car , man ! caz jump in the car and drive off . CHRIS be strand with four box of record . CHRIS caz ! where be you ? shit ! tracy be park across the road , she laugh at he burst of temper . CHRIS step to the car , lean in at the open window . tracy what 's with you friend ?... need a lift ? CHRIS caz have get the ' ump . can I put the record in the boot ? tracy sure . CHRIS thanks ... Nice car ... tracy thanks . tracy get out , open the boot . CHRIS put the record in . CHRIS so where 's yer mate , Jill ? tracy do it with that punk ! CHRIS Nah ! tracy yeah ! they lean against the boot . tracy so where to ? CHRIS Tracy ... can I trust yer ? tracy what do you mean ? CHRIS tell you in the car ... CHRIS get in the passenger seat . tracy drive ... 27 int . garage - night torchlight . search the cluttere shelf . the light rest on t.j. 's cassette player where CHRIS leave it . the glove hand of the intruder grab the cassette player . 28 ext . street - night caz drive . on the car cassette : Dr buzzard : ' I will play the fool ' . a crossover song , a mix of soul and disco , with element of the big band dance sound . meet a guy / be not it funny .../ keep on dance ... keep on dance ... he halt at a set of traffic light . in the car alongside , billibudd - the punk from the garage and the club . caz and billibudd exchange glance . the light change . billi change lane , pull ahead ... caz 's car eventually follow billibudd 's . 29 ext . edge of park - night billibudd lock the door on he car , he look round to see if he have be follow . he climb the fence , move into the Park . caz drive to the edge of the Park , pull up behind billibudd 's car . 30 int . garage - night tracy and CHRIS stumble through the garage in the dark . they be laugh , a bit drunk . tracy well , there 's not much to it , be there ? through here ? CHRIS yeah , yeah ... tracy God , it remind I ... I use to listen to caroline a lot ... I even remember Radio 390 , the R & B show . CHRIS that date you . tracy shut up ! tracy knock the punch - bag at CHRIS . CHRIS miss ! CHRIS lead she through the break down car , into the hide pirate radio base . tracy Fancy have a radio station at the back of a garage . once they be through to the base , CHRIS seem awkward . CHRIS Tracy , er ... would you like to ... be you go to ... you could stay you know and ... save I ... tracy what , here ? no chance ! you be joke ... they kiss . CHRIS be all for go further . tracy hey , I have get work in the morning . and you be gonna make I a tape , remember ? CHRIS yeah ... right ... yeah ... 31 ext . edge of park - night caz listen , there be a man follow he . caz be near the murder spot . there be little light . the footstep be unnerve . something of the tension of the open scene ... but it be billibudd who follow he . they turn to face each other . billibudd untuck caz 's top . caz you pick you place , do not ya ? you hear what happen ? billibudd I hear . caz ya like live dangerously ? billibudd I just wanna show the bastard - I be not stoppin ' comin ' ' ere . bring this with I . get they in the eye if there 's any trouble . billibudd bring out a small anti-perspirant spray can . caz laugh . caz any good trouble and ya will smell nice afta ! billi laugh . he press the spray , in play . billibudd move to kiss caz . to get into he trousers . caz be still on edge . caz not now , not now . not here ... it feel a bit weird . give we yer number . billibudd yeah , yeah ... I have hear that before . caz Nah , it feel a bit weird ... give we you number ... I mean it .... I mean it ... billi take out a feel tip , he lift up he t-shirt .... billibudd you number . write it here ! caz write he number across billi 's bare chest .... 32 ext . STREET - night the back of a man in a telephone booth . the man disguise he voice , muffle it . man listen ... I be there ... he mug he . his name 's Chris Morgan . I think he life on the ladywell ... no - I can not give my ... no name ... right ?... no ... no . the man slam the phone down . at the man 's foot - t.j. 's radio / cassette recorder . he pick it up , leave the booth . 33 int . garage - night CHRIS run the tap of a makeshift shower . he stick he head under it . he notice the big beer stain on he shirt . he take the shirt off , try to get the stain out with soap . it will not go . he curse and return to the deck . he work fast , by lamplight , to compile a tape . he link the song with a dj 's patter . he listen to part of the tape , already finish . CHRIS uncut funk at he bop ... come to you directly from the mother ship ... on top of the chocolate milky Way ... five hundred thousand kilowatt of p funk . he speak into the microphone . CHRIS this one 's dedicated to all you East London funketeer out there , parliament ... P. funk ... we funk , you have get the funk ... parliament : ' P. funk want to get funk up ' play . CUT to : CHRIS reach for a fag , but he 's out . he seem stick for a idea . finally he remember the tape he sister give he . he look across to where he leave the cassette recorder . he notice it have be move , he 's not unduly concerned . he take the tape out , he have it . he play the park tape , let it run beyond the song : ' running away ' . suddenly the white man ( murderer 's voice ) can be hear , albeit a bit muffle and crackly . white man like it down ' ere , do yer ? come down ' ere regular ? t.j. yeah , but I be not see you before . so leggo mar han ' ... I be not into no rough stuff , right ? 34 ext . estate - shed / dustbin area - night t.j. 's radio cassette player burn , melting on a pile of rubbish . 35 int . garage - night CHRIS , exhaust , lie back on a car seat . he run he hand over he chest , over the crotch of he jeans . there 's someone watch , unnotice . we see CHRIS touch himself from a unidentified Pov 36 ext . garage forecourt - early morning a milk lorry pass the garage . 37 int . garage - early morning a man be glove hand . a tense , stealthy movement of the man through the garage .... CHRIS 's foot protrude from the backseat of the winched up car . he 's fast asleep . the man 's head be cover with a metal mask . the glove hand grab at Chris 's foot , make he jump ... but the hand be davis 's the glove , work glove . the mask - for car repair / welding . davis yo ! CHRIS what .... jes .... Davis .... davis yow ! check dis brudda boot nuh ! davis have arrive for work , carlton follow he in . carlton stare at CHRIS be footwear . carlton what we ' ave here ?.... dagger ? hey bwoy , minute ' you don ' kick I wi yo dagger , ye hear ? CHRIS be not in the mood , he look at he watch . CHRIS oh no ... sh ...it ! he run out past the bemuse carlton and davis . 38 ext . tube station - morning at the tube CHRIS have to push past five politicos . a youth have he back to CHRIS , he leather jacket bear a paint ' anarchy in the UK ' slogan . the youth turn round , he front lapel be cover in badge ... like a noticeboard for the leave of 1977 . it 's billibudd . CHRIS half - recognise he from the garage . he catch hold of billibudd be lapel , peer at the badge : various distort image of the Royal family , Mary whitehouse with ' Gay News fights on ' across she feature , punk badge , grunwick support , stuff the Jubilee ... but CHRIS take issue with one badge in particular . CHRIS so disco suck , do it ? billibudd mindless , capitalist crap ! CHRIS and punk 's not ? billibudd depend how you use it . do not it ? he hand CHRIS a ' fuck the Jubilee ' concert flyer . a list of band . billibudd should be something there you could dance to ... billibudd be provoking / flirt , look CHRIS over . CHRIS jumpin ' up and down like my arse be on fire . billibudd no , no , no ... we have get reggae band bill . look , misty and root , you would like that , would n'd yer ? CHRIS ( sarcastic ) oh wow ! look ... I be in a rush ... a asian punk girl interrupt . asian punk ai not there more important thing to talk about of ' fuck 's sake . like this for instance . she start to read from a leaflet , a list of recent racist attack in the area . asian punk like two somalis burnt to death , arson . like flat door kick in , window break . like bengali schoolkid get they face kick in . join a picket ' bout police indifference ? she hand CHRIS the roneod leaflet . CHRIS look it over , it be a long and horrific catalogue of attack . CHRIS take a few copy . CHRIS alright , alright . look , I will place a few of this . do you hear about that murder in the Park ? asian punk yeah , same night I be run this off . CHRIS head down the tube step , billi be still watch he . the asian punk girl turn to billi . asian punk cock on the brain you ' ave . 39 int . metro radio / reception - later in the day CHRIS talk to jill at reception . CHRIS d'yer get he pants off then ? jill I can not remember ... CHRIS look at he watch . he 's restless , impatient . he look relieved when tracy arrive . tracy ready for the verdict ? CHRIS it 's pretty obvious , be not it ? I mean the tape be not exactly professional ... tracy stop worry Chris . I tell he you make the tape up last night . it 's only a impression he 's after . I think I be get somewhere with this club idea ... and , er ... can you keep quiet about you pirate credential ? he 's dead set against that . CHRIS so who 's suppose to play we music then ? tracy you do not have to tell I . come on , we will be late . they leave reception . 40 int . CITY radio studio - day CHRIS and tracy walk into a studio to find dave , a white , middle - age , middle - class producer , listen to Chris 's voice on tape . tracy hi Dave , this be Chris Morgan . as dave talk he walk around and lean on he desk . dave take a pew Chris . yes , well , nice choice of music , if a bit obscure . but you come over well . it 's just that it 's a bit , um - how shall I say , er - casual . I mean not everybody will understand what you be try to convey . I like it , but the power that be ... listen , Chris - to be honest with you - if we be to take you on as a presenter - out and about in the club ... if we be - and that 's a big if - we would be look for a more recognisable style , something a bit more ... um ... CHRIS English ? dave yes ... well ... I would not put it quite like that ... but ... er ... CHRIS perform a dj act , imaginary microphone in hand . CHRIS ' ow ' bout this ...... ' bout nah , bringin the man cal ' jah fatman singin : ye can and keep we down cause we all aroun ' ... step forward yout ' , come let I tell de trut ' ... that do yer ? dave there 's clearly no point in we continue . I be merely offer professional advice , but it 's obvious you be not interested . Tracy , I have get a programme to do . I will speak to you later ... dave leave . tracy you stupid arrogant fuck ! I go out of my way to get you in here . bang go my idea . CHRIS shame , innit ? the man miss he chance of signin ' up a mega-star . tracy I just can not believe this punk , ' no - future ' attitude . CHRIS I be not no punk . what be yer suggestin ' exactly ? be I suppose to play elvis presley record and sound like tony blackburn ? they have gotta realise that I be you original , you wick ... pee-funk-a-del -ic wanna-get-people-all - funked-up-dj . tracy you have get no idea .... come on ... tracy catch CHRIS by the arm and lead he to the door ... 41 int . metro radio / office - day tracy lead CHRIS into a cramped office , pick up a cardboard box and place it on the desk . tracy Jeff kane , one of the best . right ?... see this ? tracy look into the cardboard box . tracy his office ! this be what he get for he five year and the sack full of fan mail . he 's the only black d.j. in the whole place , and still he 's offer a contract he have to renew every three month . tracy look round the cramped room . tracy this be where they would like to keep he , keep all of we for that matter . CHRIS why would yer stay if they insult you all the time ? tracy they be not gonna run I out that easy . CUT to : 42 int . CITY radio reception area - day the cut - out queen wave . CHRIS walk quickly down the step that lead into reception . he give the Queen 's wave arm a sharp chop . he lunge into the Jubilee crown / fountain . panic the security guard . but he 's out the door before they can catch he . the cut - out Queen still wave , but more limply now . 43 ext . park - day CHRIS , hot and restless , wander the park . finally he settles by the pond . near a young family . Radio sound over : a dj tell the story of the sex pistol ' recording of ' God save the Queen ' , the initial press of a thousand copy . a & m 's disassociate themselves from the group and the record . a woman re-tune she radio . CHRIS lay back on the grass , to rest and think thing over ... later : CHRIS still stretch out on the grass . two sunbathing women to the side of he . a man stand menacingly over CHRIS . he look down on CHRIS 's vulnerable , sleep form . CHRIS 's eye open , startle . he look first at the man , now recognisable as the plaincloth cid man , then at the back - up : two policemen . cid man alright , son ? the cid man address one of the policemen . cid man okay ... the policemen converge on CHRIS , pull he to he foot . CHRIS what yer do ....? they be drag he off . 44 ext . police station / entrance - day kelly , the mix - race skinhead from the estate be let out of the station as CHRIS be lead in . kelly smirk at CHRIS . CHRIS be confuse . a policeman hurry CHRIS into the station . policeman come on ... the cid man follow they into the station . 45 int . police station / interview room - day Close on CHRIS 's sock . part-way into a interrogation . CHRIS be face the cid man over a table . both be seat . the par ) ( policeman take note . the cid man duck he head down to look at Chris 's foot . cid man what sort of sock be that ? CHRIS what ? cid man I say ... what sort of sock be that ? CHRIS what 's that get to do with anything ? park policeman the man want to know about you sock . CHRIS bend down , undoe he shoe , pull off a loud fluorescent sock and drop it slowly onto the table . cid man listen smartarse , no monkey business . you do not seem to realise , do you ? you be not in here for show disrespect to her majesty at Metropolitan Radio . no , nor for run you jungle bunny club on hallow grounds , neither . CHRIS so what yer tellin ' I ? cid man we know all about yer , that 's what . we have be watch you . CHRIS be increasingly uneasy . cid man oh and you might be interested to know we have hear of you tinpot little radio station ... this knowledge seem to worry CHRIS more than anything so far . CHRIS I be not sayin ' anything . I be entitle to a phone call , right ? cid man you can tell mum all the news later . but it 's not the radio . and you be not here for snatchin ' some poor dear 's handbag . you be in here for murder . CHRIS be shocked almost to the point of nervous laughter . intercut with : 46 ext . garage forecourt - day carlton work on the car he work on before . davis do business with ken . ken be consider a car , a price sticker be splash across its windscreen . caz polish the car that interest ken. carlton shout out to caz . carlton yo! sweetbwoy ! come over ' ere and 'elp I wiv dis dam engine . I be tired an' the man comin for it tonight . caz ye mad ? I be not go near that engine . you mus ' want I to nasty up mar garment . davis dam pretty bwoy no wanna help nobody . if he can drive the motor he should be prepare to dirty up he clothes too . man go like a African prince - or should I say princess ? caz piss off , Davis . ken run he hand on the bonnet of the car . ken can I take she out for a spin , then talk price ? davis yeah , Ken . no problem . ken approach caz . ken what dyer reckon then ? be it worth it ? caz well , there 's nuffin ' wrong wiv it . ken you 'ave a word wiv Davis ' bout the price a ' I will 'elp you out with that gimmick you be after . caz betta be worth my while , Ken . ken climb into the car . drive off ... davis easy now , Ken . she fast . davis boast to caz . davis take notice soulhead ... number one salesman roun ' dese part ! carlton catch the conversation . carlton why , ye sell it ? davis good as do . ye no see I 'ave the deadly patter ? deadly ! yeah bwoy ... 47 int . police interview room - day CHRIS have lose much of he earlier spark . the question be wear he down . cid man be you gonna tell we ? where be you the night before last ? CHRIS easy ... . I be wiv I mate , makin ' up tape . look , I want my phone call ... cid man not impressed . ' wiv I mate ' . and do you think that will hold ? suppose I tell you that you be see , you and you mate , by the Park that night ? drive a triumph , right ? this catch CHRIS off-guard . if he tell they he and caz be broadcasting , then it give the pirate away . now he have to lie . CHRIS so what ? it 's the truth I be tell ya . I want my phone call . you be not get nothing on I . the cid man open a cupboard . he take the badly burnt cassette recorder out of a plastic bag . he hold it ( in glove hand ) to CHRIS 's face . cid man see it before ? CHRIS be now totally unnerve , he have handle the recorder , but if he say he have ... CHRIS no . cid man no ? you kid sister have . she be see with it in the Park , before you burnt it , that be . panicked do you ? try to burn you dirty black paw mark off it , do you ? CHRIS look across to the park policeman , furious at what appear to be a set -up , and furious that trish have be involved . he shout out . CHRIS you bastard . bastard ! what ya doin ' gettin ' at a nine year old kid ? cid man you be call I a bastard . you would kill to get you filthy muggin ' hand on a bit of plastic . kill one of you own . I say one of you own , not that you would see it that way you be a half - breed , a mongrel ... CHRIS can not take it . he scream out . CHRIS I want my phone call , my phone call , my phone call ! CHRIS thump on the table ... repeat he demand over and over ... he movement restrain by a policeman . cid man go back to find it , do not you ? whatever you little sister say . she stick up for you , so just who be involve kid in this ? give the coon he call ... the cid man light a cigarette , and casually leave . a policeman place the phone in front of CHRIS and leave . CHRIS be leave on he own . he pick up the phone , try a number , mutter ' caz , caz ' into the receiver . panic in he voice . there be no reply . he slam down the receiver . pick it up again and dial . he half -sing a Metro Radio jingle , to jog he memory . the jingle incorporate the station 's number . he dial the number . CHRIS hello ... can I speak to Tracy ... no ... no ... no I do not know she surname ... she work on the ' in town tonight ' show . look , look , it 's urgent , please ... just use the fuckin ' tannoy ! there be a pause as he wait . 48 int . garage - day carlton be in the garage 's rough and ready shower . scrub off the oil and grease . slow movement , he 's proud of / enjoy he body . ken be back from the test drive . watch carlton , but talk business with davis . ken yeah , Davis . like the motor . just a question of the right price . caz throw the car 's key to davis . ken put he arm round caz and walk he away from carlton and davis . ken do you ' ave a word ? I get you that present . should do yer nicely . caz believe it when I see it , alright Ken ? ken trustin ' , be not yer ? caz continue polish the car . ken leave . davis call across to carlton . davis hey carlton , dem say they be lookin ' for a half - caste bwoy now for that murder ... ken 's Pov : carlton emerge from the shower , drying himself . kiss he tooth . carlton can not trust dem ' alf caste bwoy ye no . ye do not know which side they on . I could well believe it be one a dem kill that black bwoy . davis no , man . dat 's what they want ' you to think . so when the people dem say ' what you gonna do bout the murdersa ? ' Babylon can say , ' be black a kill black ' . I do and see it . carlton well , as far as I and I concern , musa be a white bwoy , a ' if it be not a white bwoy . I will lay on money it be a ' alf caste . ken be back , listen in . ken Nah , I reckon it 's a not job myself ... see yer later . ken leave . caz be you serious ? ya tryin to wind I up again ?... yeah , it 's true it most probably be a white bwoy kill t.j. but it could have be a black man . so what ya sayin ? it can not happen ? what exactly you gettin ' at carlton , with all this ' half - caste ' crap ? carlton caz , the trouble with you , right can not always tell what side you be on . caz now what ya sayin ' ? what , ' cos Chris be my mate ? or ' cos I mix with white peop ... davis man ! White man !... nastiness ! caz so that 's wot it 's about , yeah ? I mix with white man ... I fuck with white man ! davis Jesus ! caz & davis be near to blow . carlton intervene , steering caz away . carlton Long as you doin ' it to they ... innit caz ? davis minute ' the rod a correction no fuck up dem ... caz turn on davis . caz you be fulla shit Davis ! the bruwa that get kill on the park - he be what you call a anti-man , a bwatty bwoy . dat make it alright now ? you concerned ' bout who do it now ? davis hesitates , he have no quick answer . caz throw down he cloth , leave the garage , not wait for one . 49 ext . STREET - afternoon tracy's Pov from cab . CHRIS and a solicitor leave the station . CHRIS thanks a lot , mate . they shake hand . tracy look across to CHRIS . CHRIS still look shake , surprised at the sudden release . he hold he stomach , he have be rough up . tracy you have be nothin ' but trouble Chris . you screw up at Metro and then you have the nerve to drag I down here . CHRIS bastard !... what be I suppose to tell them ?... oh , I be pirate broadcasting at the time , and my best mate hang about in park after dark ... tracy Chris , be you listen to I ? CHRIS Tracy , I be sorry . thanks for gettin' the solicitor for we . listen , I have get this tape , right ? it be in the beat box . tracy you have get to give it in , Chris . CHRIS what ? go back in there ? you be jokin' . tracy look , I be no friend of the police , but if it 's evidence you be deal with , you do not mess with it . CHRIS so I just let them drag my sister in for friendly questionin ' ? tracy yeah , yeah . alright . forget it . it 's none of my business . just keep I out of it ... I have get to get back to work . CHRIS look disconsolate and confuse . tracy you look pathetic ... come on ... I will drop you off . CHRIS climb into the cab , tracy pull the door shut . 50 int . garage - late afternoon CHRIS play the Park tape . the crackly but just audible open exchange : voice on tape : white man cute , be not yer ? young black man so ya wanna get to know I ? white man wot 's yer name ? ken arrive at the garage . young black man name ? you a policeman or what ? white man just be friendly , tell we yer name . ken crawl through the break down car that block the back of the garage , the pirate base , to where CHRIS be listen to the tape . young black man ( on tape ) man , you be one stubborn white boy . CHRIS be startle by ken . ken Chris ... bring you something ... it 's out the front ... give we a hand , it 's a bit ' eavy ... young black man ( on tape ) Terry , friend call I t.j. CHRIS turn off the tape , eject and pocket it . CHRIS be right wiv yer , Mr stylee ! 51 ext . towerblock / rooftop - dusk CHRIS and caz carry a new aerial onto the roof , CHRIS at the front , caz at the back . they negotiate a awkward hatch that lead up on to the roof . they be sweat . on the roof - they clap hand in air . they rest on a ledge . caz twice as many soul patroller ! neva enough for you though , be it ? wo not rest till you be on Radio one ! CHRIS ( in BBC accent ) this be the BBC soul service . be you sit comfortably ? they set to work , laugh at the think . but CHRIS be still distract , tense after the police question . think back . CHRIS what really fuck I in all this be they be questionin ' mar sista ! a nine - year old girl ! be like they be goin ' wild . ye know wot I mean ? caz pure slackness , man ! CHRIS step towards a pole , hold the new aerial against the pole . it 's right at the edge of the rooftop . caz stand by with a roll of heavy - duty stick tape . caz I will keep dog . CHRIS Kelly be in there . I mean , what be it ? ' let 's get the half - caste week ' or something ? CHRIS be still shaky from the interrogation . dangerously close to the edge . suddenly CHRIS slip , hang over the side of the tower block . he scream out . tilt down : the dizzying height of the block , the ground far below . CHRIS cling to the aerial , caz grab he , carefully pull he back to safety . caz you be nearly a gonna , man ! right , no more time up 'ere , let 's just do the ting and get down . CHRIS thanks , man . they move back from the edge . finally satisfied with they handiwork , and relieved it 's do , they embrace . they cross the roof to go back down . CHRIS oh ... yeah ... Tracy fix up a meeting with this producer down Metro . it be she that get I out of the nick . caz be you serious ? you be crawlin ' round Metro again ? CHRIS caz , I have get to get some steady .... caz ( mimic Chris ) ' some steady money in ' . I get we the fuckin ' aerial , right ? you think I like do Ken favour ? draggin ' I bruwer into it ? carlton 's gonna let a car go cheap for I and you , ya know ... CHRIS Metro be not interested , so just forget it , right ? caz Chris , I be just sayin ' . we be gettin through there 's a audience buildin' . we will get the advertisin ' and we will ' ave the money ... CHRIS look , you be tryin ' you way , I be tryin ' mine . it 's the same thing . caz I want a partner , not you fuckin ' vanity ! CHRIS suddenly put he arm round caz . CHRIS caz , I be you partner , caz . we gonna hit the airwave , yeah ? funk the Jubilee special ! caz I can not tomorrow . Said I would play the concert tomorrow wiv that punk I meet - billibudd . CHRIS do not joke about it , caz . caz I promise . CHRIS jump back up to the aerial . CHRIS might as well smash it down then , might not i? cos caz can not be bower . he would sooner go off wiv some billee - budd to play for a bunch of middle class punk a ' hippie - wanker , caz . where 's you loyalty man ? where 's the fuckin ' loyalty in that ? caz where 's the loyalty in you go behin ' mar back , struttin ' roun ' Metro , prattlin ' bout what we be doin ? ai not you get no sense ? a quick word wiv the Home Office and they can 'ave a station like ours wipe out before breakfast ... I think I be suppose to be you main man ? CHRIS what be you talkin ' about ? you be mar main man . I have have a day of it , right ? a ' a bit of sympathy might be in order ... caz Cry on Tracy 's shoulder ... CHRIS I be gonna smash that thing ... CHRIS turn to the aerial ... caz smash it , you might as well . caz leave the roof . CHRIS call after he . CHRIS caz . I be not begin to tell yer ' bout what happen down the nick . caz I be not get the time , I be gonna and go a ' see billi . caz leave the roof , furious . he do not hear Chris 's word , or see the Park tape that CHRIS take out from he pocket ... CHRIS caz ... see this tape , caz ? it 's t.j. 's tape ... 52 ext . west -end street - night caz and billibudd be out for the night . billibudd 's daytime politico wear be replace by a sexier , night - time punk style . he 's also wear black eye make -up . caz and billi steer a course through a pedestrianise part of central London . there be book and ballet shop , jeweller and smart hairdresser . attempt at upmarket Jubilee display in many of the window . caz and billi drink from can of import lager . they be laugh , exhilated . billibudd have something to say to half the passer - by , he first victim be a woman in evening dress . billibudd bomb the rich ! bomb the rich ! BAY CITY roller fan in full fan regalia roll by . billibudd Bay City roller , why do not yer listen to some decent music , eh ? caz remain a bit detach , part enjoy billi 's outgo cheek , part unsure . there 's a bookshop with rack of book on sale outside . ' Gay News ' on sale inside . Mary whitehouse and anita Bryant make the headline . the shop stock a mix of respectable gay novel - gide , Cocteau , genet - and old muscle magazine , like ' adonis ' and ' body beautiful ' . collector gay porn . poster for Divine and nureyev , both on in town . a man browsing . billibudd grab a book , collar the man . billibudd Jean genet , ever read that , ' ave yer ? eh ? eh ? billi disturb the book rack , flick at postcard on revolve stand . the man mutter politely , embarrassed , a bit afraid . man thank you ... yes .. yes ... I have . a man with a dog pass by . billibudd look after you bloody dog .... billi pick up a book and throw it for caz to catch . a window-dresser stare out from a tasteful array of ballet frock . he stare at billi , billi stare back . billibudd what you look at ? piss off ... billi and caz watch the window -dresser complete the display . he look distinctly nervous . it 's not only billi and caz who be watch . three scotland supporter reel in . they be in town for the England / Scotland match . one of they be shirtless and kilted . a flag drape over he shoulder . billi watch the shirtless man . the shirtless Scot sing and chant : ' Scotland , Scotland ' ... billibudd raise he arm , clenches he fist . show solidarity with the Scottish cause . billibudd devloution now ! the shirtless supporter step up to billibudd . supporter fuck off , ye Southern poofter ! billibudd lower he arm ... two women pass the shirtless supporter . supporter gie we a kiss , darlin' . woman fuck off ! the other two supporter sing and chant anti-english song , laugh at the posh shop display . a mad , chaotic clash of people and style , everyone out on the town , enjoy the hot , summer night . 53 ext . gay club entrance - night billibudd and caz arrive at the entrance to a gay club . it be guard by bouncers . caz and billi wait to be let in . a bouncer block three black soul boy who be try to get in . bouncer 1 look boy . it 's gay tonight . official policy . no straight . fuck off . 1st black soul boy leave it out . what you talkin ' bout man ? we be gay . bouncer 1 no membership card . no entry . simple . ' op it . two white boy pass straight through , no membership card show . 2nd black soul boy you let they in ... bouncer 2 I recognise they face . 2nd black soul boy yeah . and we all look the same , right ? billibudd wave he card at the black soul boy and the bouncers . billibudd it 's alright , alright . I have get a card , right ... I be allow guest , huh ? 1st black soul boy this club 's get some crisp music , man . all we wanna do be check out the groove . the bouncer decide in they favour , but glare at billi . bouncer 1 right . they're in . but if there 's any trouble I will personally ram that card down yer throat ... the black soulboys head into the disco . the shirtless scotland supporter stagger down the road , see the club . call he mate . scotland supporter ' ere boy , a club ! he look up at the bulky bouncer . scotland supporter any chance of a dance , big fella ? bouncer 1 get out of it ... 54 int . club corridor - night disco music reverberate in the corridor . sylvester : ' you make I feel ( mighty Real ) ' caz and billibudd walk a little way into the club . caz what would we do without ya , blondie ? Golden tongue , golden hair , golden boy ! billi look baffle . caz ruffle he hair , mock - affectionate . a parade of clubgoer squeeze past they in the corridor . the mix of ' 77 gay style : brixton radical drag and neo-hippie , US moustache macho , suburban ' wedge quee n ' ( geometrically style haircut ) , rent boy and punk . but for all the mix it be almost entirely male and almost entirely white . a gay guy eye caz up , as he walk past he stroke caz 's arm , brushes against he . the gay guy 's friend notice ... friend Mary , you be such a dinge queen ... billibudd catch the comment and grab the friend 's arm . billibudd oi you , fuck off .... caz take billi 's hand off the man . caz turn to leave the club . billibudd follow . 55 ext . club - night billi take chew gum from he mouth . leaned against the club wall , caz and billi kiss . a pass straight couple look startle by the sight . the man mutter , ' disgusting ' . 56 ext . metro radio / rooftop - night a warm night . the roof light by safety lamp and the moon . tracy breathes in the air . tracy make I feel like a criminal , sneaking in here at night ! CHRIS we be not do no harm . tracy we will wait till the cleaner have go from the studio . CHRIS lay he jacket down on a skylight . he sit on he jacket . tracy join he . they look over the city . 57 ext . car - night caz and billi in the car . caz look moody . billibudd you annoyed ? caz should have give he a good slap ! billi laugh . caz I have be thinkin ' ... about soul patrol ... I and Chris , it be not workin' . told you about he get nick today , do not I ? well I be not exactly sympathetic . billibudd caz , you talk about he a lot . I mean ... what ... you two do it , then ? caz why ? what 's it to you ? billibudd nothing caz , no . I just want to know , that 's all . you do realise I fancy you , do not you ?... Fancy you a lot . caz quietly smile . caz yeah , well , I do sleep with Chris for a coupla month . his mum be in hospital at the time , have trish , he little sister . Chris stay over at my house ... billibudd look a bit deject . billibudd so he be gay then ? I think he be . caz well .... we be about ten at the time ! he turn out straight . sad story really ! caz and billi both laugh . billibudd caz , be you see anyone ? caz I be see you , be not I ? the car pass underneath the bridge see earlier . the not sign have be spray - can over with ' Black and White unite and fight '. billibudd Black and white unite and fuck ! billi laugh at he own joke . caz be only half amused . he raise he eyebrow , as if to ask , what be this man like ? 58 ext . metro radio - night tracy and CHRIS kiss . tracy unbutton Chris 's shirt . she stroke he chest , push the shirt off he shoulder . she run she finger across he crotch . slowly she move astride he , pull back she long skirt . CHRIS quickly undoe he fly . CHRIS moan and mutter as they make love . tracy be half touch by he word , half laugh . for a moment she break the rhythm . tracy less of the patter , dj ... slow love-make , cry of pleasure . they shirt ripple in the wind . dissolve to : later that night 59 int . metro radio studio - night myriad yellow , red and green light . almost darkness . tracy at the control desk . the Park cassette be in a machine . CHRIS and tracy listen , tracy adjust control for optimum sound . voice on tape : young black man so ya wanna get to know I ? white man wot 's yer name ? young black man name ? you a policeman or what ? white man just be friendly , tell we yer name . young black man man. you be one stubborn white bwoy . ok - Terry . Friends call I t.j. sound of struggle ... Close on the glow red studio clock . tracy switch the machine off . CHRIS be that it ? tracy that 's enough . CHRIS no ... there 's more ... there 's more ... tracy game 's over , Chris . it be weird , I do not like it . CHRIS jus ' lemme listen again . tracy look , if that 's what that tape sound like , you have get to hand it over . CHRIS look ... I just want to copy it ... tracy okay ... they work fast to copy the tape . voice from tape : white man like it down ' ere , do yer ? come down ' ere regular ? young black man yeah ... later : Close up : CHRIS package a copy of the tape . the address on the package : terry jame case dalston police station london e8 CHRIS seal the flap . tracy watch . they kiss . CHRIS pick up he jacket . they leave . 60 ext . street near estate - day caz and billibudd walk near the estate . billibudd stop as they near area the drive - way into the estate . caz so why be we stoppin' ? billibudd think we would drop in on the party . billi reach into he canvas bag full of leaflet and newspaper . caz oh yeah , thinkin ' of doin ' a bit of canvassin ' be we ? forget it ... billibudd course not . caz. course not . just think I would tell a few more people about the concert , you know ? funk the Jubilee ! caz at the control - right ? caz spare I , billi ... billibudd do not worry ' bout it , I will be a good boy . I will not be a embarrassment . caz embarrass yaself as much as you like . just leave I out of it . a man in drag from the estate jubilee party glare at they . at evident gayness , at punk version of the Queen ( on billi 's shirt ) , at black and white boy together . he forget the incongruity of he own get -up . caz follow billi into the estate . intercut with : 61 int . garage / radio - day CHRIS move towards the radio base at the back of the garage . he call for caz . there be no reply . with a shock he see a mesh of brown tape curl up round he foot . there be brown tape everywhere . they every cassette have be unwound and ruin . roughly spelt out in cut - up tape - a not sign . shard of break cassette box crack under CHRIS 's foot . yet the record and the equipment be leave intact . CHRIS be totally unnerve . nevertheless he climb through the wreck car entry to the pirate base . he switch the turntable . he carefully select a record , steadying himself . put on headphone . he pick up the mike , begin to play funkadelic : ' one Nation under a groove ' . his voice be fragment , shocked . CHRIS ' one Nation under a groove ' ... and most of all right now ... we be go out to my main man , caz ... funk the Jubilee ... hold tight ... the groove 's travellin ' on the park tonight ... Main man caz be gonna be ... funkin ' the Jubilee ... a ' if you be not gonna be there ... you be not gonna be nowhere ... I will see you later caz ... nuff love ... the song go on : ... this be a chance / this be a chance / to dance you way / out of you constriction / ... with the groove / we only guide / we shall all be move ... one nation under a groove / gettin ' down just for the funk of it / one nation and we be on the move / nothin ' can stop we now ... CHRIS cry . intercut with : 62 ext . estate jubilee party - day caz and billibudd at the street party , enclose in the estate courtyard . the estate have be transformed into a riot of red , white and blue . flag everywhere . tables deck out for a meal , stall sell all manner of Jubilee junk . Children take turn to sit inside a huge gold - spray carriage make of cardboard and crate . they sit in serious mimicry of royal . a young black boy cut through the crowd on he chopper bike , riding directly at the carriage . handlebars fill the screen . he look set to crash but skid and steer sharply to avoid it . on the back of the bike - a Union Jack , blow in the wind . many of the party - goer be in fancy dress , from beefeater to elvis presley . billi relish the sight , can not wait to send it up . he head for a stall and grab a Jubilee fan . billibudd this be nice . how much be this ? just the right thing for my ' friend ' . stallkeeper get yer bleedin ' ' and off ... billibudd head down past a row of stall , finally pause at a goldfish stall . Ball in the bowl and you win a goldfish . the goldfish stall man struggle to keep control as billi poke at the fish prize in they polythene bag . billibudd this be cruelty to animal . how would you like to be stuff up in a plastic bag ? this you idea of fun , be it ? you be sick , you be . billi turn he attention to a middle - aged couple , he proffer a copy of Socialist Worker . billibudd oi ... Socialist Worker , right ? stuff the Jubilee ... the only paper for the work class ... look , we be have a party down the park , why do not yer come down , have a look ? the man push billi away . man just piss off ... a girl notice the row ... girl wot be that all about , then ? she stare at billi . intercut with : 63 int . garage / radio - day ( continue ) CHRIS on he own . end of ' running away ' on the tape ... ken appear in the background , remark on the mess . ken hi ... blimey ... what ' appen ? CHRIS not now Ken , I be in the middle of a show , mate . ken d'yer call the police ? CHRIS shake he head , ' no '. CHRIS Nah , it 's no use ... no use ... ken calmly close in on CHRIS . suddenly ken smashes out , push CHRIS over the desk ... CHRIS what yer doin ' ... ? ken knock the tape deck to the floor . ken you know wot I want . you fuck I about and I will kill yer . ken have CHRIS by the throat , he tighten he grip . ken always think you be so smart , do not yer ? well I set you up ... I set you up nicely ... CHRIS struggle ... ken 's speech be disjoint , a struggle to force the word out ... ken since when have you fuckin ' care ? you do not understand ... you be not like caz ... think I would kill two bird with one stone .... but pretty boy ... ken pull CHRIS round to face he . he grip CHRIS 's face . ken you pretty boy ... you have to stick yer nose in . gimme the tape , Chris ... give I the fuck tape ! CHRIS I have not get it ... CHRIS summon all he force to push ken off . they fall to the ground fight . CHRIS kick out . kick ken in the face ... CHRIS dive through the car at the back of the garage ... run towards the street ... ken have lose he . ken wipe he bloody face ... intercut with : 64 ext . estate jubilee party - day ( continue ) ann , CHRIS 's mother , walk through the estate . she 's cornere by a elderly bluerinsed white woman . blue rinse Lovely atmosphere , innit Ann ? remember what it use to be like round 'ere ? when you could leave you door open a ' not worry ' bout bleed mugger - or worse ... ann yeah . I reckon I know what you mean lil , reckon I know . a younger woman pass by . she greet blue rinse . she carry a copy of a National Front newspaper . woman National Front News ... ann grab the paper from the startle younger woman . she glance across the headline : ' hundred of thousands turn out to vote National Front ! ' ann slowly tear the newspaper apart , scatter it on the ground . the young woman back off , angry but a bit afraid of ann . trish and she friend be nearby . friend trish , there 's you mum ... trish mum ! trish run up to ann . ann kiss she on the forehead . ann alright , babe ? you enjoyin ' yerself ? trish yeah ... trish be clutching a small radio . there 's a small Union Jack stick out of the machine . ann take the radio and snap off the flag . ann here , come on , yer do not need that . she hand the flag-free radio back . ann let 's go over the park , eh ? and get some clean air . caz approach . caz ' lo Ann . you be not see some punk walkin ' about , ' ave ya ? ann not notice . wot be you doin ' ere anyways ? caz passin ' through fast . you goin ' over the Park ? ann yeah , think we might go for a hour . then I think I might drop round you mum 's . trish tug at caz 's waistcoat . trish do you ' ear Chris on the radio ? caz what ? be on air , 'as he ? trish Said about the Park , say you would be on , Mr. ' Main ma no. caz he talk about the park ? ann why be not yer workin ' wiv ' im today , caz ? you alright , you and Chris ? trish interrupt . trish soul patrol go dead ! caz that bloody equipment ...! caz continue to look for billi . ann catch yer later , babe . caz right ... trish bye ... CUT to : billibudd at a stall run by a pearly king and queen . billibudd so what 's all this then ? pearly king it 's a raffle , and you 'ave to ' ave a ticket . billibudd a raffle . alright , give we a ticket , then . the pearly queen open a book of ticket . billi maul the prize . billibudd after eights , huh ? billi put down the chocolate and snatch the whole book of ticket . billibudd ' S alright , darling , do not worry , I will take the lot . pearly king oi , oi - where 's yer money ? billibudd whoa .. whoa ... alright , hold on ... the pearly queen grab the book of ticket back . billibudd reach into he bag and pull out a newspaper . start he sale patter again . billibudd have one of this . Socialist Worker ... only paper for the work class ... look - free membership on the back ... do not worry about it .. pearly king oi you , fuck off out of it and take that shit wiv yer ! billibudd wait , wait , wait ... so what 's you problem , eh ? what 's you problem ? look across at billibudd : perch on the rubbish shed : the skin , kelly , biggsy , sparky ... billi continue to aggravate the pearly king . billibudd why do not you read this sometime ? it might educate yer . pearly king go on .. on you way ... suddenly a beercan be hurl from the shed , it catch billibudd across the face . it cut he just above the eye . as billi hold he face a conga of Jubilee reveller curl past he . the beercan carry skin jump down to close in on billi . caz arrive . sparky better get yer noo boyfriend ' art of ' ere caz , or else 'e might need carryin' ... billi be panicked . caz more casual about it . he can usually handle sparky and co . he push sparky and biggsy aside , lead billi through the skin . caz ignore the taunt , the crush of can , the gesture ... safely away , caz round on billi . but at the same time as he shout he wipe the blood from billi be face , tend he . some of the blood have drip down onto the t-shirt image of the Queen . caz you stupid fuckin ' wanker . you can not listen to no - one , can ya ? billibudd I be only do my paper round , caz ! caz you be well out of order , blondie . you be always shoutin ' ' bout imperialism ... jus ' look at yaself ... billibudd look bemuse . caz you think if it 's there , yer can take it , do not ya ? ya think you can go where the fuck ya like . billibudd but I be wiv you caz . caz yeah , well that depend ... dunnit ? billibudd we be still play the park , be not we ? caz plenty of time for that . let 's get you face fix , blondie . caz wipe blood from billi 's face . billibudd why would you keep call I blondie ? I be not even blond . caz do not worry about it . you be near enough . they embrace , head away from the estate . 65 int . billibudd be flat - day more flag on a wall , but this be inside , they be rip and deface or plaster in punk imagery ... billi 's room be as much a shrine to punk as the garage be to reggae - skip furnish , vinyl chair and dead branch of a tree form a bed board of sort . billi come into the room , a icepack over the cut on he face , a beer bottle at he mouth . caz take a cigarette . billi put on X - Ray spex : ' Identity ' . climb on the bed , take off he studd belt . caz laugh at the choice of music , turn the record off . billi not the best idea ... agreed ! billi climb off the bed . kiss caz then sort through he mostly punk record , finally he find a reggae song . junior murvin : ' Police and thiefe ' . another kiss . caz laugh at the attempt to seduce with black music , the record go the same way as the first . caz ' ow about quiet ? they walk towards the bed . caz take off billi 's shirt , kiss the plaster on he face . place he cigarette into billi 's mouth . billi take off caz 's shirt . they move to the bed . billi kiss caz 's chest ... and move down he body . gulp of beer , drag at the cigarette , undress ... then the slow thump of serious pleasure . 66 ext . estate - late afternoon the debris of the Jubilee party . a messy , bleak , near desert courtyard . a voice-over from a the Queen 's broadcast . queen ( voice - over ) at the Silver Jubilee of 1935 ... and at my coronation ... flag flutter in the wind . the wind 's dry metallic sound . CHRIS run into the estate . just a few jubilee straggler be leave , a couple head drunkenly home , a couple clear the mess from they doorstep . CHRIS kick a can along the ground . queen ( voice - over cntd . ) ... the Empire and the commonwealth come to London ... CHRIS collide with a abandon pram ... it roll across the courtyard . ken 's voice still in he head . ken ( voice - over ) give I the tape Chris . give I the fuck tape . queen ( voice - over ) ... the travel be in both direction ... and I think we can claim to be do we fair share ... CHRIS look round the estate , search . finally he run out . 67 ext . park - late afternoon distant sound of music in the Park . tracy and jill from arrive for the concert , jill be now dress soul - girl style , a total convert . they run into caz and billibudd . tracy caz ... you be caz , be not you ? Chris 's other half , er , dj spa , right ? we never do get properly introduce at the Club . where be he ? have you see he ? caz yeah , he 's my other half . a ' you be Tracy from Metro ... I hear they be let we in now , one at a time . that 's really metropolitan of them ... tracy what be you talk about ? I do not ' ave to justify what I do to you . tracy take in billi 's ' clean ' t-shirt . it feature two cowboy , naked from the waist down .... caz Chris be on the air this afternoon . it seem he get cut off . Metro have any pirate take off the air lately , have it ? tracy come on ! billibudd capitalist crap . Metro Radio . caz shut up , billi . tracy spend twenty pound on t-shirt from vivienne westwood have get nothing to do with capitalism , hmmm ? billibudd it have to do with homoerotica . nicked homoerotica , actually . like it ? tracy love it . it 's like anarchy courtesy of emi ... so rebellious ... so St martin' School of Art ... excuse I . caz have to smile at the send - up of billi . tracy leave . tracy come on , Jill ... jill come ... caz tap billi in the stomach , time to move on ... CUT to : 68 ext . estate - early evening CHRIS return to the estate , still search . bunt drop from a balcony fall across he path . a voice call out to he . voice oi , soulboy ! CHRIS look up to see sparky , kelly and bigg . close in on he . CHRIS walk straight up to kelly . CHRIS wot be they askin ' yer down the nick ? kelly want a ' alf caste . told them they musta get the wrong one . sparky oh dear , I forget to wear I white suit . CHRIS look he up and down : the shave head , Union Jack t-shirt , the patriotic skinstyle . CHRIS you look pretty white to I . the gang laugh . sparky shut up ! do not know why you be laughin ' , Kelly . kelly stop laugh . CHRIS Kelly laugh at anythin' , ' cos he know nothin ' . and as long as he know nothin ' , he can make out he 's whi ... kelly shout to drow the word ' white ' . kelly wot 's it to you ? CHRIS ai not nothing to I , it 's only yerself yer connin' . sparky smile , enjoy CHRIS and kelly argue it out amongst themselves . CHRIS know sparky would relish a fight . instead CHRIS walk up to kelly , he grab he , pull he close . CHRIS be too angry to be worried by any of they . CHRIS why be you lie and hidin ' all the time , Kelly ? they be pissing about wiv we down at the station . Ken kill t.j. and try to pin it on we . you listenin ' ? have you see Ken ? kelly I be not see he , Chris . honest . CHRIS let go of kelly , kelly stumble backwards . sparky crash a milk bottle to the ground , it smashes close to CHRIS . CHRIS start to scream out . CHRIS caz . where be you caz ?... where be you ? ... where be you ? the skin be confuse and angere by Chris 's behaviour , there 's none of the usual banter . neighbour come out of they door , look down from they balcony . so many eye on they , the gang can not risk a fight . CHRIS keep call for caz . even sparky be unnerve . 69 ext . park - night CHRIS run into the Park . he push through punk and hippy -types . still shouting . CHRIS where be you ? there be heaps of banner and placard round the edge of the Park . emblem of the Socialist worker ' Party , labour group and trade ' council , mix with the punkier graphic of the anti-nazi League . a sharp contrast to the estate Jubilee decoration . CHRIS stumble through the placard . in the distance , a stage . a ' fuck the Jubilee ' banner emblazon across it . a short way from the main crowd , CHRIS spot tracy and jill . jill be dance with two black women . live music from a asian band fill the Park . tracy catch sight of CHRIS . tracy there 's Chris ... Chris !... CHRIS call out to tracy , tracy leave the women to reach he . a blur of extraordinary image , see selectively , in fragment , through Chris 's anxious eye . the ' fuck the Jubilee ' be as much a pageant as the Jubilee itself . people be deck out in mask , in parody of Jubilee costume . CHRIS push past the asian girl punk , see earlier with billibudd leafleting the tube . she be dress as Britannia , with spear and shield - a outfit to offend just about everybody . the asian punk girl 's friend wear satiric and grotesque mask - of callaghan , steel ... other wear clothes feature distort image of the Royal family . a small group wear cardboard corgi mask . finally tracy reach CHRIS . tracy Chris ! CHRIS grab hold of she arm . a panic in he . CHRIS Ken do it ... it be Ken ... listen ... something 's gonna happen . I have gotta find caz ... tracy ssshhh ... slow down , Chris . slow down . what be you talk about , who 's Ken ? CHRIS just help I find he ... tracy no Chris . no more . we be go . have you see all the police ? van load of them , all round the park . I do not like the look of it ... CHRIS Tracy ... please ... CHRIS grab tracy , she see all the fear in he and follow . they head for the stage ... CUT to : the stage . a asian band pack away they instrument , unaware of the grow chaos round the edge of the park . they move to leave the stage for caz and billibudd to keep the disco go between act . the stage be stack with large , heavy speaker . drum kit and electrical equipment . caz step up to the turntable , put on a record . CUT to : sparky and biggsy converge round the edge of the Park . they mix with a group of older man - many of they see earlier in fancy - dress on the estate . a beefeater , a policeman amongst they . whether the policeman be real or not it 's impossible to tell . the costume make convenient mask . the man hand round bulg plastic bag . CUT to : CHRIS and tracy in the crowd . skin steam into the crowd ... kick people to the ground ... CHRIS get push ... he lose tracy . CHRIS get off !... Tracy !... Tracy ! the surround fight get more vicious . people , especially people with young child , be beginning to panic ... gang of not thug pick out the armband of the anti-nazi League steward , and move in to attack any who be on they own . some of the anti-jubilee reveller run to the steward ' assistance . the cid man from the police station be in the crowd , watch , not move to anyone 's assistance . a man wear a beefeater costume light a petrol bomb . caz and billibudd survey the grow chaos from the stage . a petrol bomb , see close , pull from a carrier bag ... it hurtle through the air ... a streak of light against a darken sky . the bomb hit the stage ... start a fire . billi jump down , caz try to save the record , but in the middle of increase chaos , some of the record spill onto the mud . Roll over the ground . caz shit ... billi ... the record ... they have to make a run for it . the stage banner be in flame . floodlight crash down on the crowd ... CUT to : ken run into the Park . pushes through the crowd . people be run to get out . ann try to reach the Park gate with trish . ken bang into ann and trish , he knock trish to the ground . ann yell after he as she pick trish up . ann watch out ... be you all right ? she kiss trish , protect she as they move to get out . they be surround by punk and teds , punk in anti-Nazi t-shirt , other in confusing swastikas ... CUT to : yeomen of the guard , beefeater , henry VIII , sir walter raleigh , a group of heavily disguise man who work they way systematically towards the stage . scream and chaos . some of the anti-jubilee crowd tear at the flag and costume of the Jubilee reveller . Carnival attack Carnival . the police wade into selective anti-jubilee target . CUT to : CHRIS near the stage . ken in pursuit . smoke billow up , CHRIS can not see whether caz be still there . sparky and bigg fall about laugh at the destruction . CUT to : CHRIS reach the stage , only to find caz go . he climb through flame . take the Park cassette out of he back pocket . scream into the microphone . the chill sound of ken and t.j. in the open scene , now broadcast across the Park . CHRIS I know you be here . hear it ! voice on tape : t.j. so leggo mar han ' ... I be not into no rough stuff , right ? ken cute , be not yer ? caz and billibudd hear the tape ... caz suddenly recognise the first voice . caz it 's t.j. voice on tape ( cotd ) : ken so ya wanna get to know I ? what 's yer name ? t.j. name ? you a policeman or what ? caz recognise the other voice . caz Ken ! ken reach the stage . pushes and crawl through burn speaker to get to the tape deck . to stop the tape . voice on tape ( cotd ) : ken just be friendly , tell we yer name . t.j. man , you be one stubborn white bwoy . CHRIS raise he arm to shield he face from the flame . he see ken come towards he . ken try to protect himself with he jacket hood . suddenly part of the stage give way under he . he disappear in flame . CHRIS manage to jump off the stage just before the whole structure go up in flame . scream from the crowd .... CUT to : away from the stage area , the Park be empty , quietening . jill cry . tracy hold she , steady she . but there 's also rage on tracy be face . rage at the destruction . CHRIS find they ... CHRIS Tracy ... not far away from CHRIS and tracy , caz have cover he ear in horror . billibudd touch caz 's face . billi try to comfort he . billibudd it 's alright ... caz and CHRIS finally see each other ... caz Chris ... Chris ... CHRIS leave tracy . CHRIS do not go . I will be back . CHRIS and caz step towards each other . CHRIS caz , thank Christ ... billibudd watch the meeting of caz and CHRIS . 70 ext . CITY - night across rooftop . night sky . the garage . 71 int . garage - same night towards dawn . jill and billibudd gently clean the mud off record rescue from the Park . they have set up a kind of record repair production line . tracy take the polished record , pass they onto CHRIS and caz at the turntable . caz and CHRIS test the record for playability , for scratch . CHRIS turn to caz . CHRIS I be not runnin ' from yer , caz . we be okay now , yeah ? soul patrol again ... caz yeah , let 's start over ... they shake hand , then hold each other in a warm embrace . caz come on ... the record continue to pass from hand to hand ... jill step out of the line to dance ... tracy join jill in the dance . billibudd leave the record to dance with tracy and jill . caz move from the turntable to join the dance ... CHRIS join they ... Charles earland : ' let the Music play ' . the laughter and the dance continue over : end