343 " young frankenstein " 4 screenplay by gene wilder & mel brook for third draft December 17 , 1973 343 '' young frankenstein " fade in ext , frankenstein castle - night 1 a bolt of lightning .. a crack of thunder ! on a distant , rainy hill , the old frankenstein castle as '' we know and love it , be illuminate by another bolt of lighining , music : ' a eerie transylvanian lullaby begin to play in the b.g. credit begin , as we move slowly closer to the castle . it be completely dark , except for one room -- a study in the ' corner of the castle -~- light only by candle . now we be just outside a rain -splatter window of the study . the credit end and we pass thr gh the window and see : int . study ' 2 a close coffin rest on a table . as the camera semi - circle - towards the front of the coffin ... . a clock , that weerpen to cross we path , begins to chime : " one , " " two , " " four ... " we might notice that both 's ite hand be e peiit to ' 12 . now we be facing the front of the coffin and begin to - rise slowly above it . " five , " " six , '' " Seven , " " eight ... " the heavily engraved letter on the curve lid of the coffin reveal themselves to , we , from bottom to top , inch by inch : frankenstein we be aimost directly over the coffin . " nine , " " ten , " " eleven , " " twelve ! " : the lid of the coffin fling OPEN with . a crash . cur to : 343 2 the embaimed head of beufort frankenstein 3 half of he face still cling to the waxen balm ; the other half have decaye to skull . below he head be a skeleton , whose bony finger clutch a metal box .. a hand ' 4 reach in to grasp the metal box . it lift the box halfway out of the coffin -- the skeleton 's finger rise , involuntarily , with the box . then , as if by force of will , the skeleton 's finger seem to grab the : box back and place it where it be . now " the Hand " -- with the help of its other hand -- grab the box back from the skeleton 's finger ... which no longer resist . angle on cornelius waldman 5 whose ' hand ' we have just see , carry the box to a small table . he take a tiny key out trom he vest pocket and begin to unlock the metal box . nine people watch , he closely . they be seat on chair in the study , wait to hear the content of - beaufort frankenstein 's will . they dress be turn -of - the - century transylvanian . cornelius waldman fumble with the ancient lock , emit little grunt as he try to open it . as he be grunt , tthe camera pass the face of each " potential heir , " as he or she mutter in frustration or anger . walter ~ my life be in that box and he can not open it . tlse _ ( ais wife ) . ninety -year-old villager ( heinrich ) hurry , idiot . hurry ! agatha ( he wife ) quiet , heinrick . we have wait seventy year -- another three or - four second will not hurt .: cont. 343 5 cont. ninety -year-old villager ' another three or four second ??? I could be dead by then . agatha shhh ! . a man what if you beloved great uncle ... leave you out of he will ? : helene ( he girlfriend ) shut you beloved mouth ! '' anastasia ( a middle - aged woman ) oh , mutti . -- " it hardly remember . do the Baron really like I when iwa a child ? marlene ( her mother ) like a father ! wolfgang ( mutter to himself ) wenn dieser bloder kerl sich nicht beeilt verde ich verruckt . '' be zum teufel machte ? . marlene shhhhi wolfgang vas ?? marlene shaa ! wolfgang . ah !... yat cornelius waldman finally open the lock . he take out a old parchment , put on he glass , cough and sputter a few time , and then begin to read . cornelius waldman ( read ) 'i , beaufort frankenstein , in this my eighty - third year of life , do hereby declare the follow statement as my last will and testament ... to be read upon the occasion of my one hundredth birthday . and I direct my executor , cornelius waldman , to assemble that person previously divulge to he , that they may hear -- in my own voice -- the :.. final disposition of my property . ' cont . 4 5 cont.1 at the word '' in my own voice " the nine " potential heir " exchange curious glance . cornelius waldman nod to a clerk , herr falkstein , who be stand nearby . herr falkstein crank a old Victrola and place the needle onto a already spin record . it scratch and then begin to play . voice of beaufort frankenstein ( deep and majestic ) the once proud name of frankenstein . have be drag , by my only son , Victor , into a abyss of shame . there be a time when the name * frankénstein ' conjure dream of virtue , of honor and devotion . now , no guilt , no malignity , no misery can be find to equal mine . and the catalogue of sin of my once devote son will not cease to rankle in my wound until death shall close they forever -- so supremely frightful be the effett of any human endeavor to mock the stupendous mechanism of the creator _ of the world . ( to a Assistant do you get all that ? e@ you sure you get ' rankle in my wound ?! I will kill you if you screw this up . all right , all right -- get the hell out of the way . you be sure I be close enough to this thing ? all right , . shut up ! : — ( for posterity again ) : now as to the disposition of my estate . everyone in the room sit alert . voice of beaufort to my cousin , heinrich and agatha ... CUT to : the ninety -year-old villager and he wife 6 , ' voice of beaufort +».and to my cousin walter and he wife , ilse ... curt to : 343 we 343 walter and ilse 7 voice of beaufort 's - and to my niece helene ... CUT to : helene , sitting with her boyfriend 8 2 voice of beaufort «».and my dear nephew , wolfgang ... cur to : _wolfgang , sitting alone 9 : '' voice of beaufort -- eand lastly , to my cherish old bosom ... my cherish old bosom ' friend , . marlene , and to she charming daughter ... . ( to the Assistant ) what do she finally name it after all the fuss ? voice of assistant ( whisper ) : anastasia ! voice of beaufor ' ( back into the '' microphone ) ---anastasia ... - cuUT to : anastasia and marlene 10 voice of beaufort - »eto all of you , in equal share , I hereby give , devise and bequeath , absolutely and without any restriction whatsoever , all property of . every sort and description , whether real , personal or mix , to which my estate shall be entitle . heinrich and agatha be hugging each other . walter and ilse be hugging each other . helene and she boyfriend be hugging each other . cont . 10 cont. anastasia and marlene be hugging each other . wolfgang be hugging himself . voice of beaufort unless ... they all look up suddenly from they hugging . scratch , scratch , scratch ... the needle have reach the end of the first side . : herr falkstein lift the arm off and turn the record over . . falkstelny : ( apologetically ) . it 's a seventy - eight . he place the needle on the record . , voice of beaufort «+ - unless ... my only male heir , my great- grandson Frederick ... whom I have never see but who be , at the time of this recording , ten year of age and reside ' in America with my granddaughter Katherine -- have , by he own free will , embrace Medicine as he career , and have acquitted himself with some measure of esteem . then , to he I leave ... everything the nine " potential heir " be expressionless . | heinrich - oh , mein gott ! _ _ agatha sha ! what 's the matter with you ? he 's probably not even a Doctor . voice of beaufort my castle , together with its laboratory , ite public and private library , all acreage surround my estate , plus all income and principal thereof ... in the fond hope that yet another frankenstein shall lift we family name to a eminence of dignity that 's it once ' enjoy . as for my dear friend and relation , should this latter improhability come to be -~ I know that I have you complete understanding . ~ 3a3 cont. 343 7 10 cont.1 voice of beaufort ( cont . ) for the path to salvation and repentance must be climb up the barren mountain of my soul , and not up yours , up yours , .up yours , up yours , up yours ... herr falkstein remove the needle from the finish record . he take cornelius waldman herr falkstein ! do you inform Frederick frankestein of this assembly and all the particular of time and place ? herr falkstein I do , sir . @ cablegram out from he pocket . -herr falkstein but I receive a cable only this morning , say that he could not come , " . cornelius waldman be he aware of the importance of this occasion ? herr falkstein yes , sir , he be . but he say he be obligate to give a lecture . cornelius waldman what lecture could be more oe important than the will of Baron beaufort frankenstein ? herr falkstein ( read the cable ) ' Functional area of the cerebrum in relation to the skuli . ' the ninety - Year - Old villager pass out . _. helene ( very sweetly ) Excuse I , Mr. waldman -- excuse I for interrupt . but be Frederick , then ... a medical doctor ? cont . 8 10 cont.2 cornelius waldman yes , my dear , he be . . helene and have he achieve ... any special degree of eminence ? cornelius waldman he be ' the fifth lead authority in he field . helene ( 8 she : head : . into she hand ) oh , shit . cornelius waldman herr faikstein ! -- you must go at once and present Dr. frankenstein with all the detail of he . inheritance . the estate will provide for you journey . helene I object , herr waltman ! if the beloved great - grandson care at all for the House of frankenstein , he would have show it by be here tonight . I think we should completely disregard the afterthought of . a very old man . . - cornelius waldman madam -- the foundation of civilization rest upon adherence to the law . and = the Law be the Law . dad gesetz ist das gesetz ! : wolfgang -- the newphew who mutter in german -- crash the back of he head halfway into the wall behind he . . cornelius waldman herr falkstein ! you have you instruction ! . herr falkstein ' yes , sir ! cornelius waldman I have take a oath that each letter of this statement shali be execute . ..and by God , it shall be one 343 : cont. 343 9 10 cont.3 a bolt of lightning crash thru a window and into the room . the record that be just play shatter into piece . the lid of beaufort frankenstein 's coffin slam shut by itself , dissolve to : int . medical arena - day un legend over screen image johns hopkin hospital baltimore , maryland herr falkstein enter the balcony of a arena pack with young medical student . a lecture be in progress . ( ) lecturer' voice 0.8. if we look at the base of a brain which have just be remove : from a skull , there 's very little of the | midbrain that we can actually see . herr falkstein proceed , almost on tiptoe , along the aisle -- he footstep echoing lightly against the cold stone floor as he pass the face of student , intense with concentration . he be carry the small metal box from the previous scene , oo lecturer' voice ( o.8 . ) yet , as I demonstrate in my . - lecture last week , if the under aspect of the temporal lobe be - gently pull apart , the upper portion.of the stem of the brain . a be see . falkstein eventually find a vacant place and sit down . ' long shot - falkstein be p,o.v . 12 of we famous lecturer : young doctor frankenstein , who be lecture with a scalpel and a model of a brain . cont ... 343 10 12 cont. freddy this so call ' brain stem ' consist of the midbrain , a round protrusion call the pon , and 8 stalk taper downward calle e medulla oblongata , , . which pass out of the skull through the foramen magnum and become , of course ... the spinal cord . which bring we directly to the demonstration prepare for today . be there any question before we proceed ? medical student - ( rise ) . I have one question , Dr. frankenstein . cut to : 11 extreme closeup - freddy 13 freddy that 's ' fronkonsteen . ' medical student I beg you pardon ? freddy my name be pronounce fron ' kon steen . medical student oh ! I think it be Dr. frankenstein . ; , freddy no , it 's Dr. fronkonsteen ! medical student but you be the grandson of the famous Dr. Victor frankenstein ?? +-- who ingeniously dig up and transformed dead component ... freddy . ( interrupt ) : I know what he did ! I know what he do . but I prefer , by far , to be remember for my own small contribution to science , and not because of my genetic ' relationship to a famous ... looney tune . polite laughter from the student . freddy a now , if you do not mind , can we get on to you question ? medical student well , sir ... I be not sure I understand the distinction between * reflexive ' and .' voluntary ' nerve impulse . - freddy : o. very good ! since we lab work today be a demonstration of just that distinction ... why do not we proceed ? freddy motion to he Assistant , carlson , who wheel in a patient . freddy move behind the patient on the table . cont. 12 13 cont. freddy Mr. hilltop here -- with whom I have never work or give any prior instruction to -- have graciously offer he service for this afternoon 's demonstration , Mr. hilltop ! . hilltop yes , sir ? freddy . have we ever see each other before this afternoon ? , - hilltop - no , sir . freddy tell they ! hilltop ( turn to the Medical student ) " no , sir -- we have not . , — ~ : freddy - ( to he audience ) do I lie ? '' ( to Mr. hilltop ) would you be kind enough to hop up on you foot and stand beside this table ? Mr. hilltop get off of the operate table and stand erect , freddy - Mr. hilltop ! would you raise you leave knee , please !? _ Mr. hilltop raise he leave knee . a freddy . you have just witness a ' voluntary 's nerve impulse . it begin as a ' stimulus from the cerebral cortex , pass through the brain stem and then to the particular muscle involved . Mr. hilltop , you may lower '' you knee . : he lower he knee . cont. 343 343 13 13 cont.1 freddy ' " reflex ' movement be that which - be make independently of the will , but be carry out atone pathway - which pass between the periphery and the central nervous system . you filthy , rotten , yellow son-of-a-bitch ! freddy poke he knee close to Mr. hilltop 's testicles . Mr. hilltop react accordingly . . Le freddy we be not aware of this impulse , neither do we intend they to contract we muscle . yet™ -- as you can see --. they work by themselves . by this time , Mr. hilltop have lower he protective thigh ... a little nervously . . . freddy but what if we block the nerve impulse by simply apply local pressure ... which can be do with any ordinary metal clamp . freddy reach out he hand . carlson hand he a bicycle clamp . freddy place the clamp behind Mr. hilltop 's ear . : freddy --- just at the swell on the posterior nerve root -- for , oh , say , five or six second ... : a short pause . freddy look at he watch . freddy why you mother - grab bastard ! freddy jerk he knee into Mr. hilltop 's testicles . this time Mr. hilltop do not move . his eye cross in exquisite agony . he be almost ready to pass out . : a '' : freddy - because of this clamp , all communication be shut off . in spite of we mechanical magnificence , if there be not this continuous stream of motor impulse ... : ( remove the clamp ) «-- we would collapse like a bunch of broccoli . cont. 343 14 13 cont.2 Mr. hilltop collapse onto the floor . a smatter of polite applause . carlson reach - down and lift Mr. hilltop , who be uncon - scious , back onto the table . freddy in conclusion , it should be note ... ( to carlson ) give he a extra dollar . . - carlson yes , sir . . freddy -e- that more than common injury to the nerve root be always serious , because ... once a nerve fibre be severe ... there be no way , in - Heaven or on earth , to regenerate life back into-it . kre there any more be question before we leave ? > medical student dector fronkonsteen ! freddy yes ? medical student be not it true that darwin preserve a piece of vermicelli in a glass case until , by some extraordinary méan , it actually begin to move = with voluntary motion ? freddy a piece of what ? medical student , vermicelli . freddy be ' you speak of the worm , or the spaghetti ? : : medical student why ... the worm , sir . cont. 343 freddy ahn ! in science you must be very precise -- it can spell the difference between life and death . . ( to carlson ) ' I do not want that fellow in class next semester . : carlson yes , sir . . freddy he have a big mouth . ( to the Medical student ) yes ! it seem to I I do read something about that incident as @ student . but you have to remember that a worm -- with very few exception -- be not a human be . A. small titter from the student . medical student but be not that the whole basis of you grandfather 's work , sir ...? the reanimation of dead tissue ? freddy my grandfather be a sick man . medical student but as a franken ... as a ' fronkonsteen , ! be not you the least bit curious about it , Doctor ? do not the bring back to life what be once dead -- hold any intrigue for you ? freddy you be talk about the nonsensical raving of a lunatic mind . Dead be dead ! medical student but look at what 's be do with ' heart and kidney ! . freddy heart and kidney be tinker toy I be talk about the Central nervous system . cont . 15 13 cont.3 160 — 13 cont.4 medical student but , sir ... : freddy . I be a scientist ...! nota philosopher . . rnolas up he scalpel ) " you have more chance of reanimate this scalpel than you have of mend @ break nervous system . medical student but you grandfather 's work , sir ! freddy . my grandfather 's work be doo- doo ! I be not interested in death ! there be only one thing that . concern I , and that be the preservation of life ! polite applause . however , on the word " life , " freddy have plunge the scalpel into he thigh by mistake . no one but freddy and the Movie audience be aware of this . freddy ‘— class ...is ... dismiss ! the student . begin to leave . freddy carlson ! carlson yes , sir ? freddy bring I some surgical gauze , a little tape , and some ... mercurichrome . carlson ( see the wound ) mercurichrome ? but , sir , do not you want I to bring you some iodine ? freddy burn . . carlson yes , sir . he run off . . herr falkstein approach freddy with the metal . box. 343 , cont , 343 17 13 cont .5 herr falkstein Dr. frankenstein ? freddy ( through he pain ) fron kon steen ! herr falkstein my name be gerhart falkstein . : cuut to : ext . a CITY STREET - evening 14 herr falkstein and freddy be walk along the sidewalk . in the distance , a little old violinist , wear a tyrolean hat , plays a cheerful tune on he violin . his open violin case rest on the ground beside hin . freddy one hundred thousand dollar ? herr falkstein oh , at least , sir . the land alone be worth a small fortune . freddy but I can not just drop everything and leave . I have obligation . for Heaven 's sake , man ... l be be marry in two week . what do they expect of I ? herr falkstein look down for a moment , in sympathy . the little Old violinist have finish he cheerful tune . he now plays the eerie transylvanian lullaby that be hear - at the open of the film . herr falkstein ( meekly ) you also have a obligation to the family . freddy hang the family ! I have say T will not do it , and that 's that !! . herr falkstein but you can be back in a week 's time , Doctor -- ten day at most . cont . 18 14 cont . freddy oh , leave I alone , can not you ? . . what you be ask of I be ludicrous . it 's not so easy just to pick up and ... freddy stop -- the music seeping into a dark and forget corner of he brain . . freddy curious melody ! haunting , be not ' it ? ( rub he temple with he fingertip ) of course ... I do not want the family to think of I as a spoil sport . herr falkstein do that mean ... freddy Excuse I a moment . freddy , follow by herr falkstein , '' walk back a few step and stand next to the Old violinist as he play . freddy what 's that tune you be play ? old violinist Zis be a old transylvanian lullaby . freddy it. have something ! such a quaint ' little tune . : freddy reach into he pocket and take out several bill . he stuff they into the 0ld violinist 's pocket . old violinist oh , sink you , sir . : freddy May I see you violin ? ( old violinist hand freddie the violin ) it 's a honor for I , sir . you play the violin ? freddy oh , just a little . examine the violin ) Nice ! Nice little balance to it . cont. 19 14 cont.1 old violinist ja , ja . freddy , without emotion , smashes the violin over he knee and then hand the two halve back to the Old violinist . freddy _- thank you so much . the Old violinist take the two halve , open-mouthed . freddy ( to herr falkstein ) well , if you be sure I could accomplish everything in a week ... herr falkstein why do you do that ? . freddy what ? : '' herr falkstein break that old man 's violin . _ freddy ' I do not do that . herr falkstein ' the Old violinist -- you smashed he violin over you knee . . freddy I do not do that . why would it do a thing like that ...? be you insane ? - ae herr falkstein ( in solitary ecstasy ) he - be - a - frankenstein ! . freddy :. all right , then , I suppose I owe =~ the family that much . but you will -* have everything ready for I when I arrive ? herr falkstein oh , yes , sir . I will take care of everything . you do not know how happy this make I . cont . 343 20 14 cont.2 freddy one week at 's the most ! herr falkstein one week -- I will see to it , . herr doktor ! as freddy disappear into the distance > herr falkstein take out he wallet , and , as he walk past the Old violinist ... he drop out a few bill into the open violin case . angle on the old violinist . 15 he nod appreciatively -- then begin to play the transylvanian lullaby on the top half of he violin . the camera move in slowly to he face , which be now just a little eerie as he play under the shaft of light from a street lamp . dissolve to : 343 343 . 21 ext . train station - night 16 freddy , with a large suitcase and small briefcase >» stands next to a lot of steam -- behind which there appear to be a wait train . with freddy be he beautiful , flat - chest fiancee , elizabeth . i : , elizabeth oh , my sweet darling ...oh , my dearest love ... i' 11 count the hour that you be away . . freddy '' - ( move to kiss she ) oh , my darling -- so will I . elizabeth not on the lip ? freddy what ? / elizabeth I be go to that silly party at nana and nicky 's later . I do not want to smear my lipstick ... you understand . freddy of course . conductor ( o.8 . ) boardi all aboard . . / elizabeth _ oh , dear ... - freddy well ... I guess this be it . : elizabeth freddy ! darling ! how can I say in a few minute what it 's take I @ lifetime to understand ? ° . freddy . try . elizabeth all right ... you be top with I . cont. 343 22 16 cont. freddy darling ! elizabeth I be yours ! all of I ! what else can I say ? freddy '' ( put he face ' against she cheek ) oh my sweet love ! : elizabeth the hair ! -- the hairl just be set . . freddy oht sorry . elizabete I hope you like old fashioned wedding . freddy " I prefer old fashioned wedding night . elizabeth you be incorrigible ! : freddy do that mean you love I ? elizabeth you bet you boot it do . . freddy ' ( take she by the waist ) oh my only Love . elizabeth taffeta , darling . freddy taffeta , sweetheart . elizabeth I mean my dress -- it 's taffeta . wrinkle . so easily . cont. 343 23 . 16 cont.1 freddy oh ! . , conductor board ! all aboard ! elizabeth . there 's that horrid man again . hurry , now -- before I make a fool of myself . I do not trust this ' no run ! mascara . freddy , not know where to touch she , stick out he elbow . she stick out hers , and they elbow kiss good - bye . freddy good-bye , darling . elizabeth good-bye , freddy . freddy disappear into the steam . _ dissolve to : int . train - night 17 freddy be sit in a passenger car , read a book . a few . people sit near he . a conductor 18 walk down the aisle . conductor — New York next ! everyone out for new york ! freddy look out the window . closeup ~ freddy face and the window 19 when freddy look back , the same people be sit where they be , but now they be wear tyrolean clothing . '' the seat . have a more european arrangement . the same conductor 20 wear a tyrolean conductor 's hat , walk down the aisle . cont . +e , 343 2h 20 cont. . conductor transylvania nachste ! jeder austeigen tran lyvania ! freddy reach up and take he suitcase and briefcase off of the rack above he . then he raise he window and look out : ‘a-twelve=year-old german boy , 21 dress in lederhosen , a cap , and a shoeshine kit on he back , pass by . freddy _ ( call out to he ) pardon I , boy ! be this the transylvania Station ? german boy ja , ja . track twenty -nine . he walk off . then suddenly turn back . german boy ~ _ oh , can I give you a shine ? freddy thank you , no . dissolve to : ext . train station - night 22 freddy get off the ancient train wear he hat and carry he coat over one arm . he look for someone who might be there to meet he . a the train leave . ( o.8 . ) the station be completely desert . a sudden gust of wind blow a old newspaper past . freddy . low thunder . from the-distant shadow , freddy hear the SOUND of someone approach . the SOUND come closer and closer , but it be so dark , and : foggy , that no definite form can be perceive . finally , there be : a crack of lightning ! illuminate a face , one foot away from freddy 's . cont. a ) ct 22 cont. igor | frankenstein ? freddy fron kon steen ! igor you be put I on . freddy no , it 's pronounce fron kon steen . igor and do you also say fro derick ? freddy - no , Fred erick . . igor why. be not it froderick fronkensteen ? freddy it 's not . it 's Frederick fronkonsteen . igor for T see . ' now freddy can see the whole man face he . he be a strange fellow with a hunch back . : . freddy you must be igor . igor think a moment . igor na , it 's pronounce aye gor . : freddy but they tell I it be ee gor . igor well , they be wrong then , be not they ? freddy , you be send by herr falkstein , be not you ? cont . 343 26 CO igor 22 cont.1 yes , that 's right . my grandfather use to work for you grandfather . herr falkstein think . 1t might be ironically appropriate if I work for you . freddy how nice . . : igor : of course ... the rate have go up . freddy of course , of course . I be ' sure we will get on splendidly . ' in he uneasiness , freddy slap igor on he hump . freddy oh ... I be sorry . you know , I do not mean to embarrass you in any way , but I be a rather brilliant surgeon . perhaps I can help you with that hump . . igor of what hump ? . freddy ( try to recover ) 's - let 's gol freddy reach down to take he briefcase . igor grab it first and walk off -- leave freddy ' to struggle with the large suitcase , he follow after igor . they pass under a dangle sign : " transylvania station " CUT to : ext . somewhere near the station 23 igor and freddy approach a cart draw by two horse . igor climb into the ' iver 's seat ) I think you will be more comfortable in the rear . freddy climb up on the spoke of one wheel and throw he suitcase into the cart . cont. 343 343 23 corit . woman' voice ( o.8 . ) : what be that ? '' igor . that must be inga . they think . you might need a laboratory assistant temporarily . freddy peer into the cart and see : a large - breasted laboratory assistant lie in the hay . inga would you like to have a roll in the hay ? freddy disappear from sight . he reappear on the wheel .. : freddy I be not sure I ... get you drift . inga you shoulda try it -- it 's funt she begin to roll herself over and over in the hay . inga ( sing ) Roll , roll ... roll in the hay ; — Roll , roll ... roll in the hay ... . igor crack a whip . the horse start off as freddy scurries ' inte the cart . igor join in singing with inga : " Roll , roll ... roll in the hay . closeup ~ freddy eye 24 as he iisten to the sing . , dissolve to : '' ext . country road - a few minute later ° '' 85 the cart travel up a wind road , cont . 28 25 cont . a bolt of lightning . inga snuggle quickly ' into preddy 's arm . L . inga sometimes I be afraid of the lightning . | freddy just a atmospheric discharge -- nothing to be afraid of . a horrifying cry of a wolf , / — inga ( frighten ) werewolf . : freddy werewolf ??? igor there ! freddy for what ? igor ( point to the wood ) '' there wolf ! ( point up the road _ there castle ! freddy - why be you talk that way ? igor i. think you want to . freddy no , I do not . want to . igor suit yourself -- I be easy . a bolt of lightning . igor ( point to the top of the hill ) . well ... there it be ! 343 CUT to : 343 the castle ( miniature ) / 26 illuminate by lightning . as we see the castle : ( ) igor o.8 . Home . freddy ( to himself ) Home | : . / " dissolve to : ext , the castle ~ night . / 27 as they approach the gigantic front door -- illuminate . by @ torch in iron sconce on each side -- igor step down from the*cart and walk up to the door . he grasp hold of : closer shot - door 28 two enormous . wrought-iron knocker '' igor rap they against the door . ' the SOUND can be hear echoing through the castie . freddy ( watch the door in amazement as he help inga down from cart . what knocker -. inga ( shyly ) a . = you , Doctor . igor go back to the cart , take down freddy 's briefcase and begin to unhitch the horse . angle on the front door 2g the massive frame slowly creak open and a woman appear . , . frau blucher '' I be frau blucher . lightning . at the sound of she name , the horse rear . cont. 343 300c~c :*«* 29 cont. icor ‘( think it be the lightning ) steady ! steady . ' freddy set he and inga 's suitcase onto . the ground and ' approach frau blucher . freddy how. do you do ? I be Doctor fronkonsteen . this be . my. assistant . inga , may I present frau blucher . at the sound of she name , the horse rear . , . igor easy . easy ! steady now . . _ freddy I wonder what 's get . into they ? ; frau blucher you room be ready , herr doktor . if you will follow I , please . freddy ayegor ! bring the bag : as soon as. you be do . igor yes , sir . freddy to after you , frau blucher . — _ 4s the horse rear , frau blucher , inga and freddy disappear into the castle . : : q igor down ! get down , you beastsl down , I saylt CUT to : _ int . reception hall - night 30 ; _ preddy and inga gaze in awe as they enter the great hall . 343 31 '' there p.o.v . - reception hall 31 a fire be burn in the enormous fireplace , casting shadow on the wall . / CuT to : ext . castle . .. - . 32 igor have pick up all the luggage and , as he walk to the front door , he turn suddenly toward the horse and shout : igor blucher ! | the horse rear and run off . . cur to : 343 '' 30 int . reception hall 33 frau blucher pick up a large , unlit candelabra from a small table and start towards the staircase . igor have enter and join the other . , frau blucher follow I , please , she lead freddy , inga and igor up the staircase . on the right side , there be a wall ; the leave side be a sheer drop down , . ' frau blucher ~ ( hold up she unlit candelabra ) _ stay close ! this staircase can be treacherous . ' freddy and inga look at each other but follow politely . ' as they ascend the staircase , igor push past freddy and inga . igor ( to frau blucher ) , do you mind if I walk near you ? I can not see a bloody thing back there . quick dissolve to : int . freddy bedroom 4 : a fire - be light in the fireplace . candle be light in wall - sconce . one wall be devote to book . freddy 's bag have be . place on a chaise lounge . ~ a frau blucher and this be you room . I hope you find it comfortable ... it be you grandfather Victor 's room . she turn to a portrait of victor frankenstein . ( it bear a remarkable resemblance to freddy . ) - it seem fine , : frau blucher turn back to freddy ) you will find the key to all the room in my cas ... all the room in you eastle.on this ring .. I will leave it on the table . . . cont. 343 33 34 cont. . freddy do that include the key to the , Laboratory ? frau blucher . you mean ... the laboratory . . freddy yes !... the laboratory . frau blucher no , the laboratory be destroy in a fire ... long ago . ° freddy I see. ( examine the bookcase ) there seem to be quite a few book . frau blucher this be Victor 's ... the Baron 's medical library . freddy I see . - and where be my grandfather 's private library ? frau blucher I do not know what you mean , sir . freddy well , there be a public and a beyste library -~ it say so in the ese book be all very general -- any doctor might have they in he study . aad frau blucher this be the only library I know of , Dr. frankenstone . freddy «-- fronkonsteen . . frau blucher fronkonsteen . freddy yes , but surely he keep he note -- he private papers and record in some other place ? : frau blucher I think you must be mistaken . cont. 343 will 34 cont.1 freddy .. well ... we will see . . frau blucher would the doctor care for a brandy before retire ? freddy no , thank you . that 's very kind of you . - . . frau blucher some warm milk , perhaps ? . freddy »eeth ... no! thank you . no. : frau blucher ovaltine ? freddy nothing ! thank you . I 'ma little tired . . frau blucher then I will say good night . she turn to the portrait , kiss it as unnoticeably as possible , and whisper : frau blucher good night , darling ! turn back to . freddy ) . good. night 's herr doktor . freddy good night , frau blucher . she leave . from outside -- just after the word " frau blucher " -- the SOUND of horse rearing . freddy watch as frau blucher close the door . then he look at : - the portrait of. victor : 35 freddy go to the chaise lounge and begin to unpack , he hear a strange musical sound come from outside . he go to the window and look up . cur to : 343 35 na turret at the top of the castle 36 igor sit in the window blow a ram 's horn . the series of note repeat hypnotically , and then , inevitably , it segues into some " cool blue . " : igor play , through he open window , to : Le : cur to : cloud passing across a full moon ( stock ) 37 / ' , time dissolve to : same scene 38 deadly silence , as the camera pan from the moon , slowly back through freddy 's window and across he room , suddenly -- from the deep recess of the castle -- a violin be heard play : the eerie transylvanian lullaby . as the camera reach freddy , he be toss restlessly in bed . _ : freddy ( in he nightmare ) i'm not a frankenstein . ' I be not a frankenstein . I be a fronkonsteen ! bo not give I that -- I do not believe in fate , and I will not say it , T will not , I tell you . I will - not - bay-it . ail right ... all right ... stt figh ey you win . '' give I a ' D ! ' now give I a ' E. ' give I a ' S ! ' give meat ' T ! ' give ' mean ' I ! ' now give I a ' N , ' and I ’mean I want to really hear it . now give I a ' y ' and what have we get ? des - TI - NY ! des - TI - NY ! no es - CA - ping , that be for I . -inga' voice ( o.8 . ) Dr. fronkonsteen ! dr . fronkonsteen , wake up ! inga -- dress in nightgown and robe -- stand over freddy . freddy ( waking ) what be it ? inga you be have a nightmare . cont , 343 38 cont . freddy ( listen ) what 's that strange music ? . inga I do not know -- it wake I up . that 's why I come into you room . . freddy {getting he robe from the chaise lounge ) funny -- I wonder what it could be at this hour ? inga it seem to be come from behind the bookcase . freddy walk to the bookcase , put he ear against some book . and then feel for some hide button or handle . freddy : Hand I one of ' that candle ! inga take a candle from a wall sconce . she turn back to freddy . inga' p.0.v . - he be gone ! 39 Doctor -- where be you ? freddy voice ( o.8 . ) put -+ the candle -- back ! inga place the candle back into the sconce . as she do so , the middle section of the bookcase turn a fast 360 degree , revealing freddy for a fleeting moment , and then return as it be . freddy be go . ( freddy voice 0.8. all right -- I think I have get it figure out . ' take the candle out again , and I will block the bookcase with my body . inga take the candle from the sconce . the bookcase turn a fast 359 degree . only freddy arm can be see , stick out from the bookcase . cont. 343 37 39 cont . freddy voice ( o.8 . ) now listen to I very carefully . do not put the candle back ! with all or you might -- push against the other side of the bookcase . inga set the candle down on a table , back up a few foot , and then hurl herself against the other side of the book - case , the bookcase turn backward , hurling freddy out , as i : from a revolve door . . . : freddy - . ( probably from the bed ) good girl . freddy p.o.v . - inga be gone ! ho inga' voice ( 0.8 . ) . put the candle back , Doctor . freddy pick up the candle and " touch tap " the bottom of the sconce . the bookcase stop and start in jerk until he have it xat a ninety degree angle , bring inga back into the room and revealing a dark , narrow stairway . : inga ( look at the stairway ) Doctor -- look ! freddy whatever that music be -- it 's come from down there . give I that candle . - inga — : let I come with you , Doctor -- please ! I do not want to stay up here alone . | freddy all right , then , quietly . Close you robe and stay right behind I . they enter the secret passage . int , secret passage : al freddy , hold the. candle above they , follow the music down a narrow , wind stairway . the source of the music get closer and closer as the candlelight lead they down , down , down ... they arm brush against the cobwebbed wall . cont. 343 38 . , 41 cont . they pass a huge wooden door with a iron bar window . Dead vine creep in from the outside . they walk down a few more step . : quick CUT to : a rat a he stare at they . they freeze . the Rat scurries 0.8. freddy and inga continue down until they reach a landing with adoor . freddy take hold of the doorknob . it crumble in he hand like dust . he gently push against the steel door . it creak slowly open . the violin music suddenly stop !. freddy and inga enter : int . foyer of laboratory 43 they approach a shelf that be line with skull . the skull can barely be see until freddy hold the candle to they . the 1st skull ab be completely decaye and show only bone . underneath the skull , a label read : " 11 month dead " ' inga uhhhhh ! freddy hold the candle to : the 2nd label . it read : " @ month dead " the skull above be . 3 / '' decaye . some patch of skin still cling . freddy hold the candle to the SRD label . it read : " month dead " the skull above be half - decaye . one eyeball be still in its socket . a little hair be still leave on the crown . cont. 343 39 ; 4h cont. freddy hold the candle to the arg label . it read : . " freshly dead " freddy move the light to see the skull above . we see : igor's head 45 he face screw up into a @rotesque mask of agony . it. look as if he head be on the shelf , but actually he be stand just behind it . '' igor alililiitiii ... : ( break into song --- be not get no -body . freddy ayegor ! , igor froderick ! freddy how do you get here ? : igor through the dumbwaiter . I hear the strangest music in the upstairs 's Kitchen and just follow it down . inga there must have be someone else down here , then . freddy it seem that way . be not there any light in this place ? : igor two nasty look switch over there , but I be not go to be the first . they step down a few step . . int . victor frankensteinxs laboratory 46 freddy throw the first switch . ' OPEN -end electrical current shoot out all over . they cover they eye freddy turn off the first switch and then throw the other one . " normal " light go on . cont. 343 ho - 46 cont. now the Lab can be see in all its old splendor , but thick in dust and spider ' web . there p.o.v . - the laboratory 47 : inga : ( 0.8 . ) qooh ! freddy {o :s , so this be where it all happen . what a filthy mess . igor ( o.8 . ) I do not know -- a little paint , @ few flower . . the camera return to we threesome . freddy do you see anyone else down here ? igor of no , but when I first come in , there be a light come from behind that door . ' a huge door be open a crack . they all tiptoe to the door . a shadow , can be see disappearing quickly as we hear some footstep run . : , they all look at each other , then freddy grab the door and pull it open . bat come flying out , terrifying inga . they walk slowly into : int . private library a 4g by the light of freddy 's . candle , they see a small , creepy room fill with musty book . there be a table in the center of the stone floor . on the table there be a large book , a ashtray with a smolder cigar , and a violin and bow , inga ( see the violin ) look , Doctor ! wee 's cont. al : 48 cont. freddy '' well , this explain the’ music . inga but who be play it ? freddy zi do not know , but whoever it be barely finish put out he ~- gigar . it 's still smolder . ( to igor ) let I smell you breath . teor exhales in freddy 's face . freddy nearly pass out . igor garlic toast . freddy ( look around the room ) what be this place ? igor 's must be the music room . for inga there 's nothing but book and papers . freddy I wonder ... . he look at the large book lie on the table . he put he candle over the cover . a crack of lightning as we see : close shot - book 4g " how I did it " by victor frankenstein . camera pull back , freddy it isi ! this be my grandfather 's private library . look at. this ! igor . read the cover " how I do it .' good tit always selis . freddy funny it should just be '' lying out here on the table . I wonder what kind of alchemistic drivel this be ? cont . 343 343 he : 49 cont. freddy ( cont . ) ( open to the first page ; read aloud ) whence , I often ask myself , do the principle of life proceed ? to examine the cause of life ... we must first have recourse to death .'. God , what a madman . a low rumble of thunder . freddy 's candle almost blow out from a draft . . . . inga : oh , Doctor ! . freddy perhaps we would better leave . igor take the book along ? ' freddy yes , I think we could all use a good laugh . . : dissolve to : int . lab ; 50 freddy . be convulse with laughter . freddy . the man be a raisin cake . inga and igor stare passively . the three of they be = drink tea . more water be boil in a glass beaker . . freddy ( realize ) : ' , .. and as soon as the dazzle light vanish , the oak tree have ' , disappear . I know then that . electricity and galvanism have change my life . ' toot-y-frutti : another low rumble of thunder . as freddy go on read , the camera travel up , up , up ... through the giant laboratory ... as if to seek the source of the thunder we hear : cont. 43 50 cont. freddy voice ( 0.8 . ) ' when I look back now , it seem to I as if this almost miraculous '. event obliterate any last effort '.by the spirit of preservation to avert the storm that be even then hang in the star . ' more thunder . : : freddy voice ge cif 'ny !? cm dux kill I ! the camera find a open in the ceiling -- a open through which body might be elevate . thunder cloud can be see as the camera pass through the open and into the night air . freddy laughter be still heard from below . there be a giant crackle of lightning -- as if in reply to he mock . now the camera travel down . time , have pass and freddy 's voice be hoarse and more intense . * ° freddy's. voice ( 9.8 . ) ' until , from the midst of this darkness , a sudden light break in . upon I -- a light so brilliant ~ and wondrous , and yet so simple !! the camera have reached freddy . his eye be burn ; he read almost feverishly . inga and igor be half asleep . the — candle be burn way down . freddy ( read ) ' Change the pole from plus to minus and from minus to plus ! ~ owl insanely ' I alone succeed in discover the cause of generation of life , ' ( double over in laughter ) ' nay , even more -- I , myself , become capable of bestow animation upon lifeless matter , ' he laugh , he laugh , he laugh ... then smashes he teacup against a wall . cont. 343 freddy it could work ! a tumultuous clap of thunder . igor's face illuminate by a crack of lightning . smile . Mo inga' face illuminate by a crack of lightning . in awe . frau blucher' face illuminate by a crack of lightning . portrait of victor frankenstein illuminate by a crack of lightning . beaufort frankensteinxs coffin illuminate by a crack of lightning . open . we see : the skeleton of beaufort frankenstein ~ my 50 cont.1 CUT to : 51 he wear a quizzical CUT to : 52 : she be frighten , yet CUT to : 53 she be smoking a cigar . cur to : 54 he be smile . cur to : : 55 the lid of the coffin | 56 beaufort voice ( o.8 . ) ohheh shit ! fade out '' 45 fade in int , dine room - morning 57 a beautiful , sunlit morning . bird be chirping , ' the long dining table be border on one side by french window and on the other by a large stone fireplace . freddy , inga and igor be have breakfast . freddy , dress in riding boot and tweed jacket with suede- patch elbow , be read from the " great book . " inga eat and listen . igor draw , as he listen , on a large draw pad . freddy .. ( read ) , ' as the minuteness of the part form a great hindrance to my - speed , I resolve to make the creature of a gigantic satature .! of course ! that would simplify everything ! inga _ in other word , he vein , he . foot , hig hand , he organ ... would all have to be increase in size . ro - freddy - exactly ! . inga he would have a enormous schwanzstucker , freddy that go without say . . igor he 's go to be very popular . freddy so then ! ( throw he napkin . onto the table in excitement ) what we be aim . for be a be approximately seven foot in height , with all feature either congenitally or artificlally proportionate in size . igor cross to the fireplace and hook he draw pad over & protrude spike that hold a bellow . igor something like this ? 343 cont. 343 46 57 cont . freddy and inga join igor at the center of the fireplace to look at the draw . ' they , and we , see a crude but impressive ... sketch of the " creature " 58 freddy voice . ( o.8 . ) . hullo !... you have catch something . there . crude -- yes ! primitive -- yes ! yet something tell I that this might ...be...our ... man . by thunder , the dog have get the scent ~ , and the hunt be on ! quickly now ! there 's a storm come up . we have not a moment to lose . thunder as we hear freddy , igor and inga leave the room -= we eye still on the sketch -- a spiral of wind gust down the chimney and cause the draw to move , swinging sidewise , back ' and forth , back and forth , as the wind from the ' approach storm grow stronger . '' + . dissolve to : a body , 59 swinging from a gibbet . pull back to reveal : ext , prison gibbet - a gray night — 60 rain ig fall . a freshly execute body be swinging back and forth in the same rhythm as the draw . a- black hood cover its head . two grave digger and a guard stand watch from below . 1st grave digger look at he swinging . 2nd grave digger ( sing ) . he 's swing - ing in the rain ... the Guard cuff the 2nd grave digger . guard | shut you filthy mouth .. blasphemer ! - let 's not forget he have a mother . cont. 47 ; 60 cont. 1st grave digger not this one . ee ‘ad no muver . ( spit ) murderer ! guard never mind that . cut he down ! it 's a long , cold ride to the prison . cemetery . dissolve to : ext , prison cemetery ~ night 61 the rain have stop . gust of wind blow leave across the tombstone . through a iron gate , two dark figure peer through rail and watch the burial . ( one of they have a hunch back . ) the- two grave digger be just fill in the last dirt and patting it down . guard that 's good enough for the ' like of hin . 1st grave digger let 's get out uv ‘ere , this place give I ' the creep . quick dissolve to : freddy and igor 62 knee - deep in the grave , shoveling the dirt out . what a filthy job ! igor could be worse . freddy how ? . igor could start raining again . & crack of thunder . it pour . . freddy stare at igor . quick dissolve to : 343 ; ' 343 . 48 ext , STREET - night 63 : freddy and igor be racing through ' the cobblestone street , wheeling a cart . on the cart be a long , rectangular hulk , loosely cover by canvas . i , . . suddenly , they strike a bump and the coffin goe sliding oft , a arm stick out from the coffin . they pick up the coffin and place it back onto the cart . the " Arm " remains out . igor kneel down to pick up the ' fall canvas : freddy ( try not to panic ) hurry !... for God 's sake , hurry ! voice ( o.8 . ) hand ? freddy whip around and . see : a constable '' 64 freddy , see that the " Arm " be stick straight out towards the constable , quickly tuck he own arm behind he back -- make it appear as ' if the " Arm " be come out of he own right shoulder . . : ' ( poritery ) a no , thank you . have one . thanks all the same . constable _ just a minute , sir . I know everyone in this neighborhood , but I have never see you face before . can you account for yourself ? - a freddy iam Dr. Frederick fronkonsteen , newly arrive from America . . con table oh , yes -- I be tell you be here . well ... I be constable Henry , sir . please to meet you . ' cont. 343 4g 64 cont. constable Henry extend he hand for freddy to shake , freddy stamp twice with he foot as a signal to the still hide igor . igor -- in perfect time -- lift the " arm " up and down from its elbow 'so that it shake hand with the constable . freddy how very nice to meet you , constable . constable ( feel the " handa " ) oh , you be chill to the bone , sir . a nice warm fire be the thing for you . : ( let go of the " " ) a nip from the old bottle would not be such a bad idea either , would it , sir 's freddy yes , yes . that 's the ticket , constable well , if you have everything in hand , I will say go00 d - night to you , freddy thank you very much . con table ( salute ) at you service , sir . always . freddy stamp he foot twice . the " Arm " salute . constable good-night , sir , freddy good-night , constable . - freddy 's look down at igor. : in a ensemble moment , the constable ' leave , igor open the lid and throw the " Arm " back in , while freddy cover the coffin with the canvas . ' igor and freddy race the cart o.s . dissolve ' to : 343 50 int . laboratory - night 65 freddy and igor be just finish put a sheet over the body , which rest on a operate table . freddy magnificent ! oh , what a awesome sight . what a profound and , reverent night be this . with such a specimen for a body -~ all we need now be a equally magnificent brain . ( look at igor ) . you know what to do !? igor . , I have a pretty good idea , igor glance at the Movie audience for a moment . freddy you have the name I write down ? igor ( look at the ' cuff of he sleeve ) Dr. H. delbruck . . iwant that brain . igor be he any good ? freddy be he any good ??? he be the finest natural philosopher , internal @iagnostician and chemical therapist of this century . '' how do he die ? freddy ( sadly lowering he head ) v.d. igor bad break . freddy bat I be sure he brain be still capable of function . | cont. 343 sl 65 cont . : . ' igor but be you sure it 's still in the depositary ? . freddy he die only two week ago -~ I be positive they will still have it . hurry now ! Ill prepare the body . igor start to leave . freddy grab igor 's right hand . sot ty ' freddy be very careful with that brain . icor ( look at the hand that freddy hold up ) you can put you trust in this hand . freddy let go of igor 's hand and igor walk away , ' knocking over a glass beaker with he right band , t : : igor quickly hold up he other hand . igor 7 this one . igor be go . freddy go to a small table of instrument near the operate table and prepare a hypodermic . now be pull the body 's right arm out from the sheet , raise it upright and roll down its sleeve . as he clean a@ vein with alcohol and cotton , he gaze at the immensity of the Hand . a sudden think twist through he brain . freddy intertwine he own right hand with that of the body 's and get set for a " indian Arm wrestle . " freddy force the dead arm down ... with great difficulty . freddy magnificent ! and so be he . dare I bring such a monstrous creature back to life ? what havoc might I wreak upon this unsuspecting world . ell ... lo ( slap he hand together ) --- we will take a chance ! freddy begin to inject the Arm . : dissolve to : 343 52 angle on a hospital door . 66 's the upper half of the door be make of slass . on the glass be print : 1 brain deposttary after 5:00 p.m. slip brain through slot in door the shadow of a man can be see silhouettea from inside the depositary . the shadow have a large hump on he back . ' : : . cur to : " int , depositary - night 67 low thunder a row of brain in jar , under dome , rest on a long , narrow table . igor tiptoe slowly , examine the label on each glass dome . albertus magnus cornelius agrippa ~ lawrence talbot ( physicist ) ( Natural philosopher ) ( hematologist ) then he come tos han deibruck ( selentist & Saint ) igor approach the glass dome , lift it off , and take the jar contain the brain of han delbruck . as he turn to go , he sees himself in a full length mirror , _ he drop the jar in fright . he look down and see the gooky mess of brain and glass . he look at the Movie audience . : igor funny thing be ... I try ! he look quickly at the " Brain table , " grab a jar from under the glass dome nearest to he and leave . on the glass dome -- whose content igor have just take -- be print : : , do not use this brain ! " abnormal " CUT to : 343 53 the sky . 68 a electrical storm be building in the distance . point towards the sky , the camera now travel down , through a SMALL open at the top of the Laboratory 's ceiling , as it continue down , we-hear ; electricity sparking , centrifuge whirring , wheel buz , chemicals in beaker bubbling , '' : : now the camera drift past archaic scientific equipment and come to. rest on a giant 's pair of shoe with iron sole . we move slowly up two enormous leg -- hold down by leather strap to the operate table . . the giant torso be similarly strapped . at last we see -- for the first time : the creature's face 69 there be stitches across he neck and stitches circle ' the crown of he skull where the new brain have be insert . . inga' voice - ob . ) he 's hideous . freddy voice ( o.8.. ) : he 's beautiful . camera pull back to reveal freddy and inga stand over the monster . freddy be wear a long , white surgeon 's gown and surgeon mask . . freddy 's «+eand he be mine . , = 99 hook up and shout ) CUT to : ext . roof . 70 igor stand on the roof , fly two kite . he be wear fubber boot , rubber glove and a rubber whaler 's coat and hat . : : icor you be sure this be how they do it ? 343 , 54 79 cont . . freddy yes , yes ! it 's all write down in the note . now tie off the — kite to the lightning attractor and come down as fast as ' you can . igor what 's the hurry ? freddy . there 's ' the possibility of electrocution . do you understand ? cur to : int . laboratory , 71 freddy I say -- do you understand ??? igor appear , stand right behind he . igor . it understand , I understand -- why . be you shouting ? freddy ( a little confuse ) - do you tie otf the kite ? igor of course . freddy all right , good ! check the = generator . igor walk over to the generator . freddy check the dial of a " battery indicator " which be connect to the monster 's head . freddy can you imagine that brain in this body ? : extreme closeup ~ freddy hand 72 inga 's hand come into frame and touch it . 343 55 extreme closeup - there eye 73 . inca oh , Frederick ... you be hot only @ great doctor , you be a great ... you be almost a ... freddy '' a god ?? - . yes .. : freddy I know . a crack of thunder . 's freddy this be the moment ! all right ... elevate I ! , inga now ? right here ?? freddy yes ! raise the platform , 's hurry . : inga ont yes , doctor . inga go over to igor and , together , they turn a giant wheel . the platform , with freddy and the creature on it , rise towards the open fot the ceiling . freddy ( as he ts go up ) from that fateful day when stinking bit of slime first crawle from the sea.and shout to the cold star : 'I —- am ~ man !! -' we great dread hag always be the knowledge of we own mortality . but now , on this night , we shall hurl the gauntlet of science into the frightful face of we ancient enemy . '' tonight we shall do battle with death ; we shall ascend into the heavens ; we shall command the . thunder ; we shall mock the earthquake ; we shall harness the lightning and penetrate into the very womb of impervious nature herself . igor you be sure we can get this all do tonight ? , cont. 343 - 73 cont. freddy yes ! when I give the word -- throw the first switch ! : igor you have get it , master . the platform rise higher and higher . ' the ceiling open to ite fullest . rain start to come down on freddy . get ready ! the platform near the open . freddy get set ! the platform rise through the open and then stop . now freddy 1s out in the open air , on the roof , ext . roof , th a bolt of lightning and a crack of thunder , '' aor int laboratory 75 igor throw the first switch . SPARKS and current fly . CUT to : a 57 the creature's face 76 lightning illuminate its freeze image . freddy be get drench . he check the '' battery indicator . _ freddy throw the second switch ! int . laboratory 77 . igor . ( throw the switch ) this guy mean business . _ext . roof / : 78 more thunder and lightning . the creature's eyelids be still close . a few twitches course through its body . freddy throw the third switch ! int . laboratory ro 79 - igor ' not the third switch ??? ext . roof . 80 freddy . ( drench to the skin ) throw it , I say ! throw it ! int . laboratory 81 igor put he hand on a switch mark : " the work " he throw the switch . the Laboratory be a electrical cireus . igor and inga 82 - , shield they eye from the blind light . ext . roof 83 freddy life ! life , do you hear I ? give . -= my -- creation -- life ! 343 58 the creature's face 84 five bolt of lightning . " boom , " " boom , " " boom , " " boom , " " boom ! " with each bolt , the creature glow -- as if from inside . freddy all right -- turn everything off cand bring I down ! int . laboratory 85 inga turn the giant wheel the other way . ' igor throw back the three switch . the light return to normal , inga and igor watch freddy and the platform descend . Black wisp of smoke rise up from the creature 's body . when the platform reach the floor , all eye be on the " body . " freddy , soak to the skin , place a stethoscope on the creature 's heart and listen . freddy nothing ! : inga . oh , doctor. : freddy ( crush ) no , no . be of good cheer ! if science teach we anything , it ' teach we to accept we failure as well as we success , with quiet dignity and grace . he look once more , sadly , at the lifeless body . then grab it by the throat and begin shaking it . ' uo freddy - son of a bitch bastard -- what did you do to I ? inga dector ! Doctor ! stop ! you will ' arlil hin . ' : inga and igor drag freddy off . I do not want to live -- do you hear I ? I do not want to live ! . igor ( as he pass the camera ) quiet dignity and grace ! fade out 343 59 fade in int , meeting hall - night . 86 the " meeting Hall " be actually a child 's classroom . one row of elder -- most of they asleep -- sit on a high bench , face a room fill with little desk and chair combination , at which sit villager . the elder wear '' elder hat " with tassel . whenever a villager wish to speak , he raise he hand for permission . . a heat argument be in progress . ist elder bull sheise ! ist villager but it 's true , sir . they be do it again . ist elder vicious . rumor and superstition ! I will not have the townspeople get all they old fear arouse because one or two of you ' think ' he see or ' think " " he hear . damn it , man -- we will have a riot on we hand . the 2nd villager raise he hand . : 1st elder yes , Karl ? : 2nd villager ( rise ) well , sir -- I be not superstitious and I be not give to vague fear . but on my way home last night I see what use to be the old laboratory fairly burst with flash light and electrical spark , go every which way . cont. 343 60 86 cont. 2nd elder ( the only other elder | : who seem to be awake ) poppycock ! 2nd villager ~ it be not poppycock , sir . it be real . William here be walk right beside I and he see it , too . 1st elder be this true ? : the 3rd villager raise he hand . the 18t elder nod he permission for 3rd villeger to speak . 3rd villager ( rise yes , sir -- 78 ) just as Karl ' here say . it be real enough ... as real as you and I , : 2nd elder . . oh tosh ! this man be different , I tell you . you can see that just by talk with he for five minute . 1st villager raise he hand . 18st elder nod he permission . 1st villager ( rise ) . he 's a frankenstein , sir , and _ they be all the same . it 's in the blood , sir . they can not help it . : all this scientistg be alike ... they say they be work for we , but what they really want be to rule the world ! 2nd and . 3rd villager ayel that 's right ! - 1st elder now that's enough ! I will not allow this meeting to become a free-for-all . this be very serious charge you be meke . all the more painful to we -~ you elder -- because we still have nightmare from five time before . we have not hear fram the one man here most qualified to judge this situation cont . ~ 343 6 . 86 cont.1 1st elder ( cont. ) fairly . he , more than any of we , have learn , through personal misfortune , to remain calm and objective in he quiet but constant . pursuit of justice . inspector kemp ... 's would you speak to we please ? inspector kemp sit in he chair at the back of the room , . next to a pot belly stove . his arm be fold . a unlit cigarette dangle from he cigarette holder . . he calmly uncross he right wooden arm , stick one finger into the stove until it catch fire , then light he cigarette with he burn finger . he calmly dunk he burn finger into a beer stein . it '' hissssssss " out . inspector kemp a riot be a ugly thing . and once you get one start ... there 's little chance of stop it , short of bloodsh . before we go run about kill people , we would better make damned sure of we fact . various groans from the villager . the camera move slowly in on kemp 's face during the follow . _é '' inspector kemp * I think what 's inorder , be for I to pay a visit on we good _doctor , and have a nice quiet chat . 2nd villager but , sir -— meanin ' no disrespect , sir -- but what if , durin 's the course a you ' lil chat , you should find out that we be right all along ? what. would we do then ? inspector kemp kill hin . dissolve to : int . dine room - night 87 freddy , inga and igor sit at a long dining room table , set with food and wine . freddy stare into space . cont. 343 62 ; 87 cont. 's _ freddy reputation . reputation ! inga oh , docter ... you must not do this ! you have get to stop think about it . why look ! -s+eYou have not even touch you food . . freddy lay he hand on top of he food , : freddy there ! now I have touch it ... heppy ? how can you expect I to think about food when that poor . creature be lie there --. lifeless ! that 's han delbruck lie there -- do not you understand ? that 's not just any Tom , Dick or Harry «= < that 's han ! freddy lay he head down on the table . inga ' but , Frederick ... what more could you have do ? freddy . I do not know . I do not know . '' igor I will never forget my ol ' dad when this thing use to happen to he -= the thing he would say to I . ( be look up what do he say ? ' igor ' what the hell be you do in that ' bathroom night and day ? get outta there -- give someone else a chancel ! freddy oh maybe it 's better this way . that poor , grotesque hulk ... maybe it be better off dead . CUT to : 343 63 int . laboratory - night 88 the hand lie motionless . suddenly ... the finger move . the camera travel up the body to : '' the head : 89 its eyelid flutter . CUT to : dine room 90 inga , igor and freddy be eat dessert . 7 igor what be this ? . freddy . schwarzwalder : kirschtorte . seeping in from the Laboratory , we hear : " mmmmmmmmommmmmm . " freddy for ( to igor ) oh , do you like it ? I be not partial to . dessert , but this be excellent . igor who be you talk to ? freddy to youl you just make a ' yummy 's - sound , so I think you like '' the dessert . igor . I do not make a tyummy ' sound -- I just ask what it be . freddy but. you do ! -- I gust hear it . igor it be not I . freddy look at inga . inca it be not I . cont. 343 64 90 cont . freddy look here -- if it be not you , and it be not you , and it be not * m@..e a they eyeball meet in the center of the roon . int . laboratory . 91 they burst into the room . what we may at last call the monster be strain , tentatively , against the strap . his head be raise . it 's. alive ! : inga oh , Doctor ! igor '' iI think you have do it , master . . freddy alive - =- look at it !. the eye , . the finger , the limb -- I have defeat death ! igor better not get too close , master . this guy could kill you . freddy - I suppose you be right . inga ! prepare a sedative ... just in case . inga how big , doctor ?... he 's only just be bear . infant or adult ? - freddy horse ! inga go to a medicine case and prepare a hypodermic , pull the plunger back as far as it will go . the monster raise its head and make little circle with ite hand , ask to be " free . " cont . 343 65 91 cont. freddy it want to talk . it want we to take off the strap . it want to be free . igor - ' it -want ! it want ! it 's always ' it want . ' _ what about ' we ' want ? . freddy but do not you see ?... the brain of han delbruck be inside that body -- plead with we . I have get to release that brain . ~ igor okay ~- just keep the body tie down . - freddy all right . .. stand back ! freddy carefully walk up to the monster and stand over he , the monster be silent , feel he way . - freddy hello there . . monster mmmmmmmmmmmn . freddy how 's everything ? monster ( just a suggestion of " not so good " ) freddy I be go to untie you -- can you understand that ? monster {@ soft , " cry " sound ) ~ mmmmmm | mmmmmn | cont . 66 91 cont.1 ; freddy yes , " I be gotng to set you free . ( to inga ) be the sedative ready ? : inga yes , Doctor . . freddy take the strap across the monster 's thigh and . unty it . ' then he unty the strap across its chest ... and step back . all eye be on the monster . tingly music . the monster look at they all for a moment while he be still lie down . a slightly sly grin come to he mouth . he rise ... slowly , carefully , to a sit position . monster ( a low , suspicious groan ) freddy ( hold out he hand ) give -- I -- you == hand ! the monster slowly extend both ' arm towards freddy ... whether to comply or to strangle he , we be not sure . preddy take the monster 's hand and lead he in he first , stiff step . inga ( whisper , as she back away . oh , dector ... I be frighten . . igor nervously take out a cigarette from he pocket . he strike a match , and : . monster ! freddy ( to the monster ) what be it ? what 's the matter ?? the monster grab freddy 's throat . freddy Quick , give he the -- the monster squeeze . freddy can not make a sound . the monster relax he hand for a split second , cont . 343 343 67 - 91 cont.2 freddy Quick , give he the -- the monster tighten he hand , freddy can not make a sound . igor what ? give he the what ?? freddy point desperately to the monster 's arn . igor Arm ! give he the Arm ! freddy shake he head " no . " he push he thumb against 's he two forefingers ~~ miming the give of a injection . : igor give he a clagrette ?! freddy shake he head " no " and hold up three finger . : igor Three syllable ! freddy nod " yes . " he hold up ond finger . igor first syllable . freddy cup he hand to ‘his ear . igor sound like ... freddy point to he head . _ - inga head ! freddy nod " yes . " inga - sound like ' head . ' igor ( after think ) ts 1t ... head ( I ? freddy shake he head " no . " inga Said ? cont. 343 freddy nod " yes , " jubilantly . inga _ saidal freddy hold up two finger . and igor inga second syllable ! freddy mime '' tiny " with he . . inga Little word ! freddy nod " yes . " inga the ? freddy shake he head " no . " igor a ? freddy touch he nose . finger . : : : igor | : " on the nose . ' Said -- a -- ... inga Said ~- a ... igor dirty wordi he say a dirty . word !? freddy shake he head " no " and cup he hand to he ear . inga and igor sound like ... freddy mime " give . " igor mammy I freddy shake he head " no . " inga sound like here ! he repeat " give . " cont. 343 69 91 cont.4 - preddy shake he head " no . " igor " rare ? | freddy shake he head " no . " he repeat " give . " - inga give ? freddy nod '' yes " furiously . ee igor '' say -- a -~ give !?? give he @ ' say - a- give ! ' freddy shake he head " no . " ' inga ' tive !'! sedative ! freddy weakly point to he nose . igor for on the nosey . inga run to the table and get the hypodermic . then run back and jam it into the monster 's tush . the monster 's eye freeze , then he look at each of they ... he hand still clutching freddy 's ' neck . then he collapse like a glant tree . inga ( rush to the _ half - conscious freddy ) Frederick ... be you all right ?? ( to igor ) May I speak to you for a moment ? _ igor of course . freddy now I promise you I will not be angry . all I ask for ... be the truth . be that fair ? cont. 7o 91 cont.5 igor er - why certainly . : ~ freddy ' that brain that you give I ... : be it han delbruck 's ? : igor : '' not exactly ? . freddy : ( hold back he rege ) could you be more specific ? igor : , well , if push come to shove ... I would have to say ... nol freddy anl would you mind tell I ... whose brain I do put in ? 2 ! igor and you will not be angry ? -freddy be I will not be angry . i igor Abbey someone . freddy Abbey ?? Abbey who ? : igor Abbey normal . a freddy abbey normal ??? igor I be almost sure that be the’ name . freddy , ( grab igor 's throat ) . I put -- a abnormal brain -- : into ' a@ seven- and - a- half foot long , fourty - four inch wide gorilla ?? cont . 343 343 igor Quick , give he the ... freddy 's hand tighten around igor 's neck , knock ! knock ! knock ! . freddy who could that be at this hour ? ' igor . I be glad he do not get angry . knock ! knock ! '' knock ! : freddy ingal -- Quick ! see who that be . inga start for the stair . freddy . ( to igor ) . put this ' thing ' back on the table . and strap he down -- tightly ! |. freddy start off . . igor where be you go ? freddy to wash up ! I have get to look normal . we have all of we ... get to behave normally . no one must suspect , . ' igor ( as he prepare to lift the monster ) he always take the toughest job . 71 91 cont.6 there be a : dissolve to : 343 . int . reception hall inga be open the the doorway . " be - the doct -+ well . .ch one heck of you call ba Young lady , the utmost with he or I would not hour . freddy approach fr pipe . be that for 72 - night 92 front door . Inspector kemp stand in kemp or at home , please ? inga e be , but ... he 's have a night . could not ck in the morning ? kemp I have something of importance to discuss else , I assure you , be call at this om the stairway , in smoking jacket and freddy I , inga ? inga oh , I be sorry , doctor , this gentleman insist upon talk with you . freddy that 's all right , dear . you go to bed now . good night , _ good night . inga leave . inga doctor . freddy freddy T be Dr. Baron Frederick von fronkonsteen , and I ama very normal man . I mean , I 'ma very +.. tired man , normally , so please be brier . kemp ( salute with he wooden arm ) . Horace wilhelm friedrich kemp ... Inspector of Police . cont. 343 73 , 92 cont. freddy -.- come in , Horace ! please ! do not be @ stranger . - kemp thank you . he lower he arm , with the help of he other hand . freddy War wound ? : '' kemp no , it be rip out of its socket by the fiendish monster you grandfather create when I be a child . I think we might have @ little chat . freddy of course ! what a pleasant surprise . wo not you step into my study ? : . ' CUT to : int . study - night : 93 a fire be blaze , and a dartboard hang against one wall . a silver tray with a decanter of port and two glass rest on a nearby table . ' freddy vehemently throw five dart : all bull '$ -eye oh freddy , ha ! monster ! this be the twentieth century , kemp . monster be passe -- like ghost and goblin . freddy pour himself " another drink . " ' kemp go to the dartboard and pull out freddy 's dart . : . kemp not to the good people of this 's village , herr Doctor , to they ... : he jab all of the dart into he wooden arm , as a holder , kemp ++ he be a very real thing . he walk back into throw position . cont. 343 74 94 cont . kemp --- especially when there be a frankenstein reside in this castle . he throw : not too well . nowhere near the bull 's-eye . freddy ( pull kemp 's dart out ) I would not think 's a intelligent - fellow like you would fall for all this superstitious rot . he walk back and prepare to throw . . kemp it 's not superstition that worry I , Doctor . it 's gene and chromosome . eddy rubbish ! pred his first dart miss the board and stick into a lampshade . kemp well you might say . but this be transylvania and you be a frankenstein . on " transylvania " and . " frankenstein , " freddy 's second and third dart crash through two different window . kemp you seem unusually upset by this discussion . : freddy not in the least . his fourth dart crash through another window . freddy I find it extremely amusing , that 's all . his fifth dart crash through another window . . freddy well ~- this be fun ! and now , ' lf you do not mind , Inspector , I be 'a little tired , cont . 75 . 94 cont.1 , freddy refill he glass . ao! kemp : ( start for the door ) . then I may ' give the villager you complete assurance that you have ' . ho interest whatsoever in carry . _ , on in you grandfather 's footstep . from deep within the castle , we hear : " mmmm . . kemp : ( turn back ) - , May I take that for a ' yes ?! — ( nodd yes ) " kemp very well . freddy drain he glass of port . then he pick up another set of dart and begin throw , passionately . freddy I think you can find the way out o~ by yourself , can not you ? " kemp ( at the door ) of course ! until we meet again ~-. Baron , . : freddy ~ ( still throw ) - yes , drop by anytime . we be always open . kemp leave . cur to : ext , castle - night 95 Inspector kemp get into the back seat of a old car . the aoor be hold open by a uniform chauffeur . oo . the chauffeur close the door for kemp and then get into the driver 's seat . the car start off and quietly crawl away on four flat tire : ' @ dart in each one . 343 cur to : 343 76 int . laboratory - night : 96 frau blucher be lean over the monster , who be strapped to the operate table . : . the monster 's eye be close . . . frau blucher . what have they do to you ? what have they do to you ? '' that 's all ' over now ... I be go to set you free . the monster 's eye OPEN . : , frau blucher yes , my suesser kopf -- free ! would you like that ? the monster nod a quiet " yes . " frau blucher of course you would . . she start to undo the leg strap . ~ frau blucher they just want to hurt you . but I be go to help you . the leg be free . , she start to undo the waist strap . : . . frau blucher selfish pig ! first sign : of trouble — _ and they panic . what do they know ? bucharest be not build in a day . : the waist be free . down the stair . freddy , inga and igor appear , freddy she start to undo the arm strap . suddenly we hear : people running . frau. blucher !! the SOUND of horse rearing , " frau blucher ' get back ! do not come near he ! cont . 343 77 96 cont. freddy what be you do ? _ frau blucher I be set he free , inga _ . no , no -- you must not ! freddy be you crazy ?... he will kill you . co frau blucher no he will not . he 's as gentle as & lamb . the monster rip out of the arm strap . monster freddy get back ! for the love of goa ~~ get back ! the monster start for frau bluchez , menacingly . ms frau blucher I be not afraid . she grab a violin and bow that be rest out of sight . 0 blucher I know what he like '' she begin to play : the eerie transylvanian lullaby . = the monster stop in he track . frau blucher T know what my angel boy like . . inga . Doctor ! there 's that strange music again . monster ( sort cry ) igor ie seem to have stop the big fellow in he track . cont. 343 78 . 96 cont.1 freddy ( hold he temple ) that music ... frau blucher - yes ...7 : the monster follow frau blucher as she play and back her way up to the stair . inga and igor keep they distance . -. '' freddy that strange , quaintly atonal folk tune ... : , frau blucher yes ?... do you like it ? freddy it do not know . I be afraid of it , and yet . - ° frau blucher and yet ... it 's in you blood . it 's in the blood of all frankenstein . it reach the soul , wher word be useless . you grandfather use to play it to the creature he be make . . " monster ( pathetically ) . freddy then 1t be you , all the time ? = frau blucher yes . . freddy . ~ you play that music in the middle of the night ! : frau blucher yes ! freddy +-- to get we into the Laboratory ! frau blucher yes ! freddy that. be you cigar smolder in the ashtray ! cont. 79 96 cont.2 . frau blucher yes ! . freddy and it be jou , who leave my | grandfather 's book out for I to find ! ' frau blucher yest ! freddy ( look at the monster ) so that I would ... frau blucher yes ! yes ! freddy then you and Victor : be ... frau blucher yes ! yes ! yes ! say it !!- he -- be . -- my -- boyfriend ! . frau blucher and the monster have now reach : int . secret passageway 97 's freddy . but , frau blucher -- you do not know what you be do . you can not set _ this poor , dumb creature out into the world !... he have a rotten brain ! monster ( turn to freddy ) t frau blucher have reach the huge wooden door with the iron - bar window that lead to the outside . rain be pour in . frau blucher there 's nothing wrong with he brain that a little sunlight will not cure . a crack of lightning . freddy but it 's rotten , I tell you -- rotten ! ! ; cont. 343 80 : 97 cont. monster ( start for freddy ) mimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnom mmm ixnay on the ottenray . ' freddy do not you understand ? -- he must be destroy ! . ' frau blucher no ! do not listen to he . here ! ( point to the door ) go ! quickly ! go !! . monster ( confuse ) 9 frau blucher yes -~ go ! you be free ! free , do you understand ? . the monster look out of the window , then back to frau blucher -- who have position herself dramatically so that the rain come through the window hit her face as she play . ' the monster try the door ... it 's lock . he step a foot back and burst through , carry the door with he by the - knob . | freddy step into the open space where the door be ... watch the monster disappear . the rain fall on he . . ~ freddy come back ! come back -- before it's too late !! frau blucher ( still play ) he 's free . free ! freddy ( to the heaven ) what have I do ? GOD in heaven -- what have L do ? a crack of lightning . inga rush into freddy 's arm . they be both in the rain . freddy reach out and grab igor , pull he into the rain . - , cont. 343 343 81 97 cont.1 freddy ( to igor ) we have get to find he -- do you hear I ? we must find he before he kill someone . oe frau blucher you will never catch he now . : freddy curse this house ! a crack of lightning . . it rain a little harder . frau blucher he 's free ! freddy : curse the day I ever come here ! a crack of lightning . it rain a little harder , igor pull out a fold - up umbrella and hold it over freddy , inga and himself . : " fra blucher my boy be free ! freddy and curse the name of frankenstein ! a crack of lightning . it rain a little harder . frau blucher / freeeeeeeeeeeeeeecece ! . = dissolve to : extreme closeup - monster' feet ~- day . 98 trudging through the woop , extreme closeup - monster' hand 99 cur to : ext . a well - dusk - '' 100 a little girl , with a angel 's face , sit on the edge of a well , hum to herself . she have a small rag doll under she arm and she be throw flower petal into the well . cur to : 82 int , bottom of the well 102 from the bottom of the ' well , we see the Little girl , and then : ' the giant form of the monster come into frame ... block out much of the .. sunlight , . the Little girl , startle for a motent , drop her doll into . the well . we see it coming closer and closer as it fall , and then splashes lightly in the water . little girl ( to the monster , stand . over she ) . ... oh hello -- my name be heidi . : * would you like to play with I ? cur to : int . heidi be cottage - dusk 1o2 heidi 's father be board up a window . her mother be irone . . - . father *« . tank God you put heidi to bed . wis all dese rumor of monster , I take no chance . I remember da last time . , mother but , papa --. I tell : you I be '' turn the roastbraten ! -- do not you remember ? I ask you to put heidi to bed . pather ( run to a unboarde window and call outside ) mottil -- hast du heidi schlaffen gelegt ? loe ( ) grandmother' voice _{o.8 . : - * - nein ... ich habe nicht getan . _ terror on the face of the father and mother ?. . ~ father " . she must be play ' outside still . . ( runs. of UT ) : oh , my god. : cuT to : " 343 . 83 ext . the well - dusk 103 the monster and heidi be sit on the edge of the well . heidi pluck a petal from a flower and throw it down the well . she throw kiss to it . : heidi : ( to the petal ) " bye - bye ! ' bye -bye ! she hold the flower up to the monster . he pluck a petal and throw it down the well . mo heidi now throw a kiss ! the monster throw a crude kiss . . heidi now say ' bye - bye ' ! monster mmmmmm = mmomm ! mmmmm mmmmmt heidi : oh dear !... no more petal on my pretty little flower . what shall we throw in now ? the monster rise , pick up heidi , and raise her slowly into the air .. , above the open of the well . CUT back to : int . heidi be cottage ~- dusk ' 104 the Father come run in , perspire and out of breath . father I have searched everywhere ... all of we neighbor ... no one have see she . you be sure she 's not — upstairs ?... maybe she be in da bathroom when you look !? mother but I do not look upstairs ! I think you do . | father you do not look ... they both dash to the stairway . CUT back to : 343 ° 33 84 heidi - held up in the AIR 105 the monster make one big drop motion and sets her down on : - ext . a teeter totter , 106 L expr a ( point ‘to the '' now you 61t down tee CUT to : ' int , stairway ee : 107 the mother and Father be run up the stair . : , CUT back to : ext . teeter totter ; 108 the monster sit and heidi fly out of frame . . cur to : int . stairway .? 109 the mother and Father reach for the doorknob to heidi 's room . a cur to : long shot = heidi be bedroom . 110 heidi come sailing through her bedroom window and land in bed . a . she be . immediately sleepy and pull the cover over herself . ber bedroom door fling open and heidi 's Father and mother . asleep in bed . . . : mother you . be worried . dumbkor ?... and a pha ! dissolve to : int .. blindmany cottage . -. night 112 a fire give the cottage a shadowy glow . as the camera pan across the humble object of a poor man 's home , the SOUND of " ave maria " fill the room with inspiration , cont. 343 85 : '' 112 cont . the camera come to rest upon @ saintly , bearded old blindman , kneel in prayer . blindman a visitor be all I ask ... a temporary - : companion ... just to help I pass a few short hour of my lonely life . the door burst OPEN . '' there stand the monster -- : angry ! . _ monster unnghmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm I . '' ( to God ) ' oh. .. thank youl he get up excitedly and take the needle off of the record he use ag background music for he prayer . he grab a cane and hurriedly feel he way to the door . : blindman ( to the monster , who : be about to strangle he ) do not .. speak ! do not say a word ! just let I touch you , let I feel you , let I hold you , let I smell you -- my joy , .my happiness , my prize from Heaven . ( feel the size of ' the monster 's hand ) oh my -- you must have be the tallest one 's in ' you class . my name be Herald and I live here @ll alone . what be you name ? = monster mmm . I be sorry -- I do not get that . mmmmmmimmommm . a the B ~~ oh ! «= forgive I ! I do not realize . you be mute . look how Heaven plan : I , a poor bdlindman , and you , a....a... . an. incredibly big mute . but you hand be freeze , my poor child . cont. 343 8 112 cont.1 blindman ( cont . ) - you must be cold and hungry . do a cozy fire , a bottle of wine end some nice hot soup sound to you ? . monster ( bewilder , but pleased ) . . . ' - blindman God love himi - yes ... that 's good , . ; be not it ? all right then , come * along ! the blindman shut the door and 's lead the monster to a crude table . on the table rest a lit candle , a soup spoon , a Old wooden cup with handle , and a napkin , blindman you make yourself comfortable over here by the table and I will . get you you soup . I have not have company '.=£or such a long time -- I be a little nervous . ( start for the '' _. fireplace , then stop ) you will find a soup bowl just there ... on '' there '' he crack he cane across the monster 's ear , which be very near a wooden shelf . +-- on ' top of this shelf . ' he be hit the monster 's head instead of the shelf . blindman you spoon and cup be already on the table .. he start back for the fireplace ... then turn back suddenly .- eo , blindman oh salt ! . on " salt '' he crack the monster 's other ear . same place -- next to the soup bowl . ( start back to the. fireplace ) oe qoet @ fun night this be go oo be cont. 343 8 112 cont.2 the blindman go to a large pot of soup , simmer over the fire , and lift it by its half - moon wire handle . blindman ( as he bring the pot to the table and set : it. down . oooh , this be hot , hot , hot . just . the thing to take the chill out of that cold , hungry tummy . he go back towards the fireplace and get a bottle of _ wine , a wooden cup and a soup ladle . . blindman . I mow what it 's like to be hungry and cold . and how much @ little kindness from a stranger can mean . ( set he cane , bottle and cup on the table ) especially when you be all alone in the world . . ( reach out for the monster ) : now !... where be you ? why -- you be still stand ! sit down , my boy ! do not wait for I . he put he hand on the monster 's shoulder , and , with he other hand , he stir the soup with the ladle . steam rise . : blindman I would almost forget the sharp pang of pleasure that a little = politeness can bring . hold out you bowl now . the monster , who be now seat , hold out he bowl to receive the soup . . . . oh , ny friend ... : the blindman ladle the burn soup between the monster 's outstretch bowl and he stomach , so that it fall on : he lap . . a lote . . cont. 343 88 . 112 cont.3 blindman - ( as he be '' ladling ) eeeif you only know what you visit mean to I . how long I have wait for the pleasure of another human be , the sound of good conversation across a dinner table . we forget , in we preoccupation ' with worldly matter , that it be this simple pleasure that be the . basis of true happiness . do not you agree with I , my friend ? - monster ( hardly able to speak mmm . . blindman - I know it ! oh , I know you would . now then ! a little wine with you soup . he pick up the bottle of wine . this time the monster politely guide the blindman 's hand.to the wooden cup he hold out . t blindman {as he be fill the cup yes , yes , my_boy . you be thirsty ~~ I know . there now ! the monster raise he cup and be about to drink . blindman _ wait ! a toast ! ' to a long friendship ! ' the blindman clink he cup against the monster 's . the monster 's cup break into piece . he be leave hold the 5 . handle . es ' sina monster . ( pathetically try _» to explain ) + meo : --- mmm , cont. 343 5 89 112 cont.4 blindman oh my , yes . wine be good , be not 's ~ it ? how hungry you must have be . well -- I have something special for you tonight . a little treat that I have ' be save for just the right occasion . cigar ! : . ( produce two cigar fron @ pocket ) here you be , my friend . now we can have a nice smoke and a quiet little chat . the blindman : light he own cigar with the burn candle . the monster become 's alarmed at the use of fire . '' monster mmmm coe blindman what ? what be it , my friend ? monster . mmmmmmmmmmm I blindman . the fire ? oh - no -- you must not be afraid of fire . Fire be good ! monster : ( not believe it ) " mmm , : blindman | yes , it be . Fire be we friend . you ' see ? . . ( lighting he own cigar again , slowly ) there 's nothing to be afraid of . I will show you . take you cigar ! the monster hold he cigar in he fist , cautiously . '' = De you have it ? oe '' monster . a blindman let I see . ‘( reach out and take . the monster 's extend thumb ) . yes ... that 's it . now -- cont. 343 90 112 cont.5 blindman ( cont . ) ( light the monster 's thumb ) now do not inhale until the tip glow . ' " monster | ( ie almost sound like sanaaioocr cob cococaxcemnttan | the monster burst through the cottage : door . ae blindman '' wait ! where be you go ?. '' watti | | I be go to make espresso ! |. the blindman pute down he cigar and sadly go over to he phonograph . he place the needle on he record . music / " ave maria " blindman ° ( kneel in prayer ) a visitor be all I ask ... a temporary companion ... just to help I pass a few short hour of my lonely life . dissolve to : ext . a STREET -< night 113 a balf - pint pighwayman , jack sprat , be prepare to mge the next stranger . jack sprat ' ere I stand -- Jack sprat -- | ' ighwayman extraordinaire -- ready ' for a: night of evil deed and wick purpose . ah ! -' ere come anuver . , ususpect wictin . he step out and jab he pistol into a solid hulk . jack sprat you money , or you life ! cont. 3h , 91 113 cont . he look up and see : the monster ; at what seem like twenty foot above he . jack sprat Jack sprat can make a deal wif ~ any mari . the monster take sprat 's pistol and crush it like silly putty . . monster mee spex gpran T see you be one of we . as monster a ( angry ) > mmmm mm jack sprat wha atya want ... my money ? he slip out a money bag and hand it to the monster . the monster slap it aside . monster ( more angry ) jack sprat awright | -- I see you point . , let 's make it my life . the monster whack he out of the way and walk off . — jack sprat . ( on the ground ) I have get to get glass . I have gotta see this ; becple . be cut to : 4 twenty be poo ? shadow | a wait ext . another STREET — night 115 the monster continue 's walk , angry . suddenly , he hear the transylvanian iullaby . ° -cont. 343 92 . 115 cont. he stop , confuse , and look for the source . at the end of the street , under a eerie street lamp , he see : a bent and bearded STREET beggar , play he fiddle on the lonely foggy street . the monster walk closer and closer . we can not see the beggar 's face . the monster approach he . '' monster ( soft , pathetic cry ) 1 ) mmmmmmm | mmommm ' the beggar do not move . the. monster come even closer . '' freddy ( the STREET beggar ) now ! . a buge ' net be dropped from the top of the STREET lamp ohidden by fog ) . it fall over the monster . help. mee : igor and inga slide down from the top of the street lamp and assist freddy . . freddy quickl ... the sedative ! inga hand freddy a hypodermic as igor and freddy wrestle _ with the monster . freddy jab it into the monster .. extreme closeup - monster' face . 116 _ monster 's p.0.v. of freddy , inga and igor ... getting hazy . . ae dissolve to : int . laboratory — night : a 117 freddy , inga and igor be stand next to the door to the private Library . : : oo 0 " breppy ' all right ... quietly now ... let 's ' see if he 's asleep . . freddy slowly slide back the little wooden window in the door . . cont. 343 93 : 117 cont. a arm shoot out and grab igor by the throat . . freddy that 's strange ! the sedative . must have wear off , but I do not see how . igor hold up one finger . : - '' preddy one syllablet - igor cup he hand to he ear , sound likel igor rub the top of he head with one finger . oe freddy scalp ! igor nod " yes . " inga ro help ! . . igor point to he nose . . - inga oh , Doctor -- remember when igor light he cigarette ? he 's afraid of fire . freddy good think ! ' freddy take out a book of match and light they . the monster let go of igor 's neck and pull he arm back in fear . - preddy close the slide window . from inside the private tibrary , they hear the monster growling . we all know what have to be do ? De tien , inga | oh , Doctor ... '' * " te0r lot of match , right , boss ? cont. oe 117 cont . 1 freddy _ no ... it 's too late for that . no sense kid ourselves any longer ... we have get to kill he . frau blucher 118 vane a frau blucher . no . cog freddy . yes . frau blucher reveal a pistol , and point it at freddy . . frau blucher nott '' freddy +-- well maybe I be be too hasty . but what else can we do ? frau blucher you can be ... a doctor . you can be ...a scientist .' you. can be ...a frankenstein ! I ! freddy be you try to shame : I , frau blucher , because I want to : spare this poor , dumb creature any more pain and suffer ? frau blucher yes ! -- I be try to shame you . because you be give up too easily . you grandfather have the same problem you have . it would have be easy to just stop -- take no chance -= no _ one get he hand dirty . do not you ' think he feel what . you feel now ? but he have a vision of something Greater . Beyond failure ! Beyond vridicule !! Beyond pain !!! . the re-creation of life ! aut eye : on : : freddy | 119 ‘( to igor ) get. I the file ... of that abnormal brain . 343 frau blucher smile . : fade out 343 ' fade in 95 int , private library - extreme closeup ~ monster 120 ~ night his eye be light by a crack of Light . he be listen . feyy ) voice of freddy '' wr. ( gabe ' a * fifth fest ~~ extreme supra-orbital : . development with deep parietal fissure . '' glassification mark ... " abnormal . " this gentle human be , of more than average intelligence , exhibit kindness , strong feeling of compassion , reasonable fluctuation , and a - well -integrate think pattern .! -cut to : - int , laboratory 121 freddy 1s read the file . inga , igor and ~- further back ~ frau blucher , listen intently . monster ( 16 ) : why this ts wonderful ! ( go back to read ) " however , under stress ... particularly when stress take _ form of gubarradement , or humiliation ... : CUT back to : 122 voice of freddy ( o.8 . ) . . : *. 2ethis patient -- convinced that he ig unlove -- demonstrate : & profound deterioration of ego , eharacterize by fit of depression , - murderous . rage .. , and , upon rare occasion , have be know to - dismember imagine persecutor .* monster ( reminisc ) CUT back Te : int , laboratory 123 freddy - - ( still read ) t in other word : one wrong word and he may go bananas . ' soe look up v- ) eeeconvince that he be unlove ... + convinced : that he be unlove ... ene : pee of 2 . . oot think he 's find . the key phrase . oey -. freddy ueconvirice that he be unlove ...! . < qh , doctor ... do you think that 's - yeally it ? 4 be igor _ it 's true of all of we . with two rather singular exception . frau blucher oneal eee . freddy : ( give she a dirty look ) aeeone ... instead of release ‘hig hostility in any normal manner , this poor devil regresses into the Stone Age . . but two ... 's freddy but two ... and even more importantly «eathat body be dead . and every drop of life raging through its vein .. ras be recreate . ' that he can even = move and make dumb animal noise be a@miracle , unfortunately , society ' .@lways demand pretty frame around '. ite. picture ... . De : frau . blucher ' but if you could ... cont . 343 343 123 . cont . . freddy " see but if I could ... transform _that uncoordinate , uncontrollable , simple - cell paleolithic fiulk , into a talented , culture , ' - . wellemannered gentleman ... ( oh , Doctor ... do you think you can '' do 1b? oe on we '' - give I that candle ! oe inga and igor no ! frau blucher yes ! ow frau blucher hand he a light candle in a holder . freddy walk up to '' the private Library door , do . freddy . no matter what you hear -- no . matter how cruelly I beg you -- however terribly I scream ... do not open this door , or you will undo averything .. bo you understand ? , De not open this door ! inga 's yes , Doctor . . igor you be the boss . - Nice work ' with you , : Doc , tney lock the oor again quickly dart inside , and the monster spring up from he mattress on the floor . freddy 's ture . and begin pound he fist against the door . let I out . let mé out . goddamn it , ' get I the hell out of here ! jesus -- mother ~- OPEN this goddamn door -- i'll kigk you rotten head in ! let I out of herell ) cur to : 343 98 int , laboratory 124 " inga reach for the doorknob , but frau blucher grab she hand CUT back to : int . private library 125 freddy turn to 's look at the monster , he still hold the ' candle in he hand . ' the monster start walk slowly towards freddy , oo = : monster on .. the monster be still - wary of freddy 's candle , but just when he seem about to overcome he fear : - freddy you be ... a good-look fellow ! the monster 's eye be catch off guard . I freddy . ae hsi eet monster mmmmommommmmmmmm for -freddy ' but why do they hate you ?... because they be jealous ! look at you ! ~ look at the magnificence of you ! do you want to talk about physical strength ? do you want to talk about — _ sheer muscle ? do you want to talk about the olympian ideal that man have unconsciously yearn to r&tain - since 776 b.c .??? you be mankind 's bream come truel the monster grop to one knee . he be visibly shake . freddy : come to he . the monster sink he head against freddy 's hepte sl elen a . music , / transylvanian lullaby ~— beautitu2 orchestral treatment . this 1g a good boy . this be a nice boy , this be a mother 's angel . and I want the world to know -~ once and for_all -- without any shame -- that . we love hm , cont. 343 99 125 cont . the monster be break . tear come to he eye . freddy _ itm go to show you . I be - go to teach you how to walk , how to move , how to think , how . to. speak ! ' you and I be go to 's redefine the dream of forget alchemist . together -- we will make the single great contribution b80 science since the splitting of the will , cur to : int .. laboratory . 126 inga pound on the door . inga Dr. fronkonsteen ! Dr. fronkonsteen ! be you all right ? : ' CUT back to : int private library - 127 freddy ( almost sobbing , as he caress the weep monster ) my ... name ...1i5 ... frank en stein ! ' CUT tos extreme closeup ~ a owl . 128 hig eye popping , _ CUT back to : freddy 129 rock the monster . triumphal music . dissolve to : 343 100 ext , theatre - night 130 a poster read : : , bucharest academy of science a tonight on ] ; '. dr . F , frankenstein uo present _ she jcreature " a startle New experiment . in re-animation '' . , present in cooperation with tns. ( transylvania neurological Society ) a " sold we " sticker ig paste across the poster . ee CUT to : int : auditorium - 131 the audience be fill with elderly scientist , they wive and the curious from the upper crust of 'society . all be elegantly dress in cheap studio wardrobe , stand at the back of the house ts a ring of riot police , in the center of the line , we see Inspector kemp . the houselight dim . the . footlight come up . the audience murmur , . . a elderly announcer come out from the center of the close _ curtain . a little applause of recognition from the audience . distinguish colleague . . lady and gentlemen ... tonight I have the special privilege of introduce to you , a man . whose family name be once both famous , and , infamous ... . cont. 343 a slight reserved ' 101 131 cont. murmur from the audience . announcer +eebut who embody , today , the high aspiration of a new generation , arid ... a new world . it give I great pleasure to introduce to you : doktor baron friedrich von frankenstein ! but polite applause . the curtain part , the announcer walk off with it to one of the side . . i reaction reaction reaction freddy , dress . in tail , stand in the center of a lit stage . freddy my fellow scientist and neurosurgeons ... lady and gentlemen ... a few short week ago -- come from a background , believe I , as conservative and traditionally ground in scientific fact as any of you -- I begin a experiment in -- incredulous as it may sound --‘ the reanimation of dead tigsue . , : from the audience . freddy a experiment -- hopelessly monumental . in its exploration of the potentiality of the Central nervous system , but the result of which -- in my humble 7 epinion -- could change the very meaning or life . from the audience . freddy I have construct -~ from medically prove dead human component --~ a@ live creature , from the audience . cont. 343 102 131 cont.1 freddy that this credture might , for a day or a hour or a minute , lie in some liquid solution and pulsate ... ~{ would be a revolutionary breakthrough . but not quite worthy of so distinguished a gather . what I have to offer you ... might * possibly be ... the gateway to immortality . lady and gentlemen ... may I present ... the creature ! . from stage right , dress in a huge surgical gown , the monster wale slowly onto the stage . ' several women scream . a few of the audience half rise out of they seat : . freddy please ! remain in you seat -- I beg you . wa be not child - here ... we be scientist . I assure you there be ' nothing to fear . ' the audience calm down . ro when the monster reach center stage , he look at freddy , who nod to he . the monster stiffly bow to the audience . a few of the audience applaud in appreciation . freddy first , may I offer for you consideration -~- a neurological - demonstration of the primary : cerebeller function ; balan and ' coordination ! ' '' ( to the monster ) stand -- on -- you -- toe ! the monater obey . woe >. freddy , stand -- on -~ you -- heel ! the monster , with great difficulty , obey . " some of the autiience gasp in amazement , and . murmur among themselves . : now} . walk -- ' heel -- t0 -- toe !! , cont. 343 the monster walk " heel to toe , " then stop . : . freddy backward ! : 103 131 cont.2 murmur from the audience : " I do not believe it . do you _ think he can do it ? " - the monster walk backwards , " toe to heel . " applause , a we freddy - . now stand heel to toe -- shut you " - @ye --. and extend you arm ! the monster obey . freddy ( call to offstage lett ) . the milk bottle -- please ! igor , dress in tail , walk on stage with one empty and one full bottle of milk , and hand they to freddy . | igor ( to preddy , under a he breath you be do beautifully . ' ten up the pause and do not ike you energy . you be kill they , freddy put the empty milk bottle in the monster 's his leave arm dip down -- then straighten itselr 8 leave hand . freddy put the full milk bottle in the monster 's right hand . his right arm sag . way down , then -~ with tremendous effort -- he bring he arm up level again . a burst of applause , during which : freddy take the two . milk bottle from the monster 's hand stage leave . '' and give they back to igor , whd return to the wing at freddy touch the monster on the back . the monster open he eye and stand normally ... enjoy he ovation , cont. 343 another angle 132 104 131 cont.3 freddy tady and gentlemen ... up until now you have see the creature perform the simple mechanic of motor activity . but for what you be about to see next :.. we must * enter , quietly ; into the realm of genius . and believe I when I say , that I be -- myself -- as in awe of ' the gift I possess , as if I -. be merély observe they in some - other person . lady and gentlemen ... igor roll out a grand piano , with a piano bench on top , from stage leave . '' . . freddy - e»emesdames ET messieur ... damen und herren ... from what be once a inarticulate mass of lifeless tissue ... may I now present ... igor sit at the piano , ready to play . freddy : oe -8 civilized , culture ... man about town ! on ... " zown , " '' the stage goe black , igor plays a short trill up the keyboard . oo freddy : ( from the darkness ) - hit itt a spotlight hit freddy and the monster , both stand center stage , in top hat , tail and cane , a ( sing ) . if you be blue and you do not : know where to go , why do not yousee freddy and the monster accompany the music and sing with short , simple " Soft shoe " step . cont. 105 132 cont. . freddy «ee€0 where fashion sit ... freddy " give " it to the monster . monster ' poo ~~ tummm anngh mar riis . riis ! the audience gasp in awe and wonder that " it " can " talk . " freddy difftrent type who wear a day coat , pants with stripe and cutaway coat , perfect fit ... monster poo -- tummm anngh mar riis ! freddy dress up like a million dollar trouper . try hard to look like Gary Cooper . monster ( he be Fred astaire ) soo -= , ppah doo ' pah . applause , '' inga be crying with pride . a riot policeman : Inspector : look like he 's . tame the brute ' rather nicely . | kemp see be not necessarily believe . freddy ' come : let 's mix where rock -e-feller walk . a gel , ih one of the footlight , : begins smoking . with stick or :'um - ber-el -la in . ' they mitt ... . , monster - poo -— tumm anngh mar ... cont . 343 343 106 132 cont.1 the monster stop ' cold . . embarrassing pause . murmur of discontent from the audience . freddy rush down to the footlight -- as he go on sing -~- and he start to put out the fire . freddy dress 1 up like a million dollar trouper . : monster ( stare at the fire ) mimmmmmm mmm mmm mmmmmm mmmm a woman in the audience scream . Gary foo . - per. . another embarrassing - pause , pready , kneel , 1b just stamp | out the last flame . . ~ ( to the ' monster ) — . that 's you cue . go on ! this ig nothing . nothing , I tell you . go on , sing ! : jeer from the audience . the monster get 's a tomato right in the face . 7 freddy please , lady and gentlemen -- I beg you -- for safety 's sake -~ do not humiliate he ! freddy look to igor to pick up the cue . freddy ( try to cover ) . «+ Su - per du-per . come let 's mix where rock-e-fellers walk with stick or ‘um - ber-el - las in = they mitt ... '' cont . ° 107 132 cont.2 the monster know it 's he cue ; he just look at freddy . for God 's sake -- go on ! be you try to make I look like a fool ? sing , you amateur ! sing !! the monster get & raw egg in the face . ~ - audience - boooocoe00000000 ! get he off ! ' Fake ! what. else can ' you toy do ? the monster get pelt with egg and tomato . monster ( start for the audience ) 1 mmmmmmmmmghghghmmmmm ! freddy rush in front of hin . freddy stop ! I -~ say -- stop !! the monster be halt for a moment by the authority in freddy 's voice . freddy go back ! do you understand I ? I will not let you destroy my work . as you master ... as you creator ... I command you -- go back ! the monster give freddy a colossal whack and jump into the audience . - . , monster mmmmmmmmghghghififjghfigh jghgmgmmmm . Inspector kemp blows a whistle . the audience scream and scatter . ' the Police pounce all over the monster , and , eventually , drag he off ... a helpless prisoner . dissolve to : 343 343 108 int . police interrogation room - night 133 the monster be pathetically . chain to a giant chair . two guard be play card . up above -- through little iron-barred window -- | villager spit and ' throw pebble at - the monster . . the Guards laugh . ces . dissolve to : . laboratory - night 134 freddy lean over the operate table -- he head in he hand . inga stand behind hin . freddy chain ! chain , like a beast in a cage . to oh , Doctor ... I feel so terrible . . c freddy there 's only one answer - -- relieve ~ . the pressure on he cerebellum . if i. could find a way to equalize the . imbalance in . he cerebrospinal fluid ... why he would . be as. normal as you or I . ' but how ? how ? ~- beforé it 's 's too 's late . inga . ( talcing he by the shoulder ) oh , Frederick -- if only I could relieve this torture you be go through . if only I could help you to relax . if there be some way I could give - you .... a little peace . ' he look at she hand , touch he . - . freddy it can not be ... you know that . inga I know . cont. 109 134 cont . : freddy of there be a very strong physio-chemical reaction between we -- I mean , let 's face fact . '' yes , Frederick . but we be not child . : inga no ... '' he be lock at the enormity of her bosom . " freddy we know very well what we can.. and what - we-can .....-... not have . . inga '' I think so . ; freddy it 's terrible the price society demand in - the name of fidelity . after all , what be fidelity . .... ultimately ? inga wot fool around , freddy yes , of course , but what I mean be ... - not. fool around physically ?... or _not fool around intellectually ? they lip be almost touch . inga oseeel see what you mean . oh , doctor ... I have always want to know , exactly how fast be the speed . of light ? freddy ( completely . mesmerize by she tone ) a hundred and eighty - six thousand mile a second . screen wipe to : 343 . 110 inga and freddy on the operating table , under a 135 white sheet only they head be visible , and freddy 's right arm . he _ '' be smoking a cigarette . '' freddy there can never .... ever .... be anything physical between we . you know that , dear . ~ inga I know , Frederick . freddy . : ~-- but a intellectual relationship , like this -- we could have as often as we want . Three time a day -- anything ! frau - blucher appear at the stairway . frau blucher Excuse I , Doctor . freddy what be it , frau blucher ? freddy and inga remain under the white sheet . frau_ blucher : this cable come while you be go . freddy I think I leave instruction that I be not ever to be interrupt while work . . frau blucher I be sorry , Doctor . I think it be a emergency . you fiancee will be arrive any moment . she hand freddy the cable . freddy Elizabeth ? here ? frau blucher yes . I will prepare she room at once . frau blucher leave . cont . 343 112 - 135 cont. freddy ( read cable ) : * can not wait any longer . arrive in you arm at ten tonight . ' ~ . inga : {innocently pleased ) oh , Doctor ... now wonderful for you . . . freddy yes. ccacee . . dissolve to : int . police interrogation room - night 136 the two Guards who be play card be just leave through the cell door . a third guard ( rudi ) remain . ist guard pleasant dream , rudi . I be sure you new friend will be wonderful company . rudi | oh , do not you worry ' bout dis one . we gonna get along jus ' fine . 2nd .guard ( hand rudi the key ) good night , rudi ! rudi good night ! the ist and 2nd Guards leave . - rude , ( to the chain monster ) ja , we gonna get along jus ' fine ... be not we ? if we know what 's good for we . monster rudi - ja , ja .... - none of that . you save you singin ' for da stage . or I make you sing annuder song ... how you like that ? cont . 343 112 136 cont.1 rudi dat 's vat I think . you settle down now . ' Cause we gonna be pal . Nice and cozy ! right ? monster * ammmanmmmmmmmmmmmm rudi take out a cigarette and prepare to light it . 3 . : rudi : dat 's right . d jus ' like old friend . he light he match . : monster mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ! . rudi vas da matter ? -- you afraid uf dis liddle fire ? : ( not laugh ) some monster you be ! dis can not hurt you ! -- see ? ; : he stick the match in . the monster 's face . monster nterrify mmmmmmm ! 1 . mmmmmmmm ! extreme closeup ~ rudi be face : / 137 evilly illuminate by the match , : rudi . qohhhh ! he do not like that . see ... mama vas right ! liddle boy be not s'pose to play vit match .... be day ?? he put the match closer and closer to the monster 's face . rudi _ ---' Cause day might get hurt . chain break . , giant hand close around rudi be neck . dissolve to : 343 113 int , reception hall - night . 138 the front door open and Elizabeth come in . frau blucher and a coachman can be see in the b.g. of o freddy stand in dress gown and ascot . inga and igor wait politely in the rear . . . elizabeth darling ! freddy darling ! they embrace . — / _ elizabeth surprise ? , freddy _ surprise ! . elizabeth Love I ? freddy Love you ! well - why doe not we turn in ? elizabeth darling !?! freddy I mean , it 's be a long day . I be sure you must be tired . oh ! this be ny assistant . . . freddy turn to get some luggage from the coachman . elizabeth ( step up to inga ) how do you do ? inga so nice to meet you at last . Elizabeth step up to igor. igor darling ! elizabeth hello ....!? . cont . 343 ' 114 138 cont . igor surprise ? _ elizabeth well .... yes ! , . tdor miss I ? elizabeth tececeee freddy approach they with Elizabeth 's two suitcase : one very large and one very small . . . freddy ready , darling ? elizabeth yes . I ama bit tired , after all . ( to igor ) — give I a hand wi th this , will you , ayegor ? igor it 's pronounce eegor , : freddy but I think ... . igor tit for tat ! no offense , girl . i - freddy well .... eegor ... how about give I a hand with this bag ? igor all right .... you take the blonde , I *1l take the dark one . freddy the luggage !! igor certainly , master . cont . ) 343 15 138 cont . igor take the small suitcase and , with inga , lead elizabetr . and freddy up the stair . freddy struggle with the large suitcase . frau blucher follow behind . on the stairway 139 elizabeth _ what a strange fellow . . freddy yes , het a little bit ... tilt .. harmless , though . - : elizabeth why do he call you ' master ' ? freddy stare at she . freddy be you suggest that I call he master ??? elizabeth .. why , no .... of course not . L just mean ... freddy all right , then ! dissolve to : ext . cobblestoqned alley - night 140 A. six year old girl walk innocently along this narrow , menace alley , light only by moonlight . behind she there slowly appear a grow , twenty foot shadon when the shadow be almost upon she , the girl turn around and face she pursuer . : it be ..... / / she baby brother , hold a long balloon in each hand . six year old girl . ( grab he ) mit kommen , mit kommen . du bist immer eine schlafmutzigem blind-schietche . she give he a slap on the behind and pull he along . dissolve . to : 343 116 int . elizabeth' bedroom - night : a 4 Elizabeth -- in a long , satin robe -- stand over freddy , who sit stare into 4 fire . . : 6 freddy . he 's loose ! do you know what that mean ? ' elizabeth darling , you must not worry so . ' freddy but it 's all my fault . -- do not you see ? somewhere inside that body there 's a frighten child , cry out for love and understanding and normal human relationship . I just have to find some way to reestablish he communication system . elizabeth Frederick , you have do everything that 's humanly possible . freddy . I ' suppose you be right . elizabeth of course I be . now come along like a good . boy . he dete up . : freddy what. would I do without you ? elizabeth be you room just down the hall ? -- in case I get frighten during the night ? freddy well , yes , but .... I think perhaps tonight , under the circumstance ... - li might stay here with you . lo elizabeth oh , darling ! do not let 's spoil everything . - I do not want to spoil anything -- I juat want . to top it all off . cont. 343 117 141 cont. elizabeth would you want I - now , like this , so . soon before we wedding ? .... so near we can almost touch it ? or to wait a little while longer , when I can give myself without hesitation ? .. when I can be totally and unashamedly and regally yours ? freddy that 's a tough choice . , * elizabeth _ be 1t worth take a chance ? freddy I suppose you be right . elizabeth of course I 'am . I always be . now give I a kiss and say good night , like ny good boy . : freddy start to kiss she -- she offer she cheek . freddy good night . , elizabeth that 's my good boy . freddy step into .... : int , hallway , _ ike Elizabeth blow he a kiss and slowly close she door , freddy stand for a moment , then walk to the door next to Elizabeth 's room and knock . angle on inga . 143 as she open the door , wear a flimsy nightgown . inga why , Doctor ... be anything the matter ? : freddy just pass . think I would say good cont. 343 they go into inga 's room . inga : what 's wrong , Doctor ? you seem ... tonely - " freddy : no , 1 no , not lonely , just .... I : feel the need of a good -- intellectual ~ discussion . inga would you like to come in and talk a little ? freddy be would not want to keep you up . . inga : oh , you would not be keep I up . freddy ( look at he watch ) well .... perhaps for a few minute . . fade out 118 143 cont . ~ 343 119 fade in 's . ' ext , village police station - night : 1h villager with torch and bog stand on the street in the village square . assorted villager kill : he ! kill the monster ! down with frankenstein ! - inspector kemp 145 step out , raise he hand to quiet the crowd . inspector kemp a riot be a ugly thing . and I think it 's just about time we have one . " yeas " from the crowd . - inspector kemp ... but the law must prevail ! we shall go to the castle -- we shall confront Doctor frankenstein ' with the fact -- and if , indeed , he. be harbor the monster ... ( he raise he wooden arm ) -+.a8 heaven be my witness . he will curse the day he be bear a frankenstein ! ~ assorted villager yaz ! down with frankenstein ! e monster . ~ they all follow Inspector kemp off . CUT to : - int . elizabeth' bedroom - night 146 Elizabeth 4s just finish brush b she hair , hum quietly to herself . she stand up and blow out the candle near she mirror . . ' she walk to some french door that open onto a small balcony . she open the glass door and look at : angie on the moon = 17 Bright and full . 343 120 _back . t0 scene ' ' 148 '' she take a breath of fresh : air , then close the door and walk to :her large double bed . she slip off she robe -- revealing she thin body in a delicate nightgown . she hear : she turn towards the french door and listen ... then decide ' that it be nothing and get into bed . cur to : * pyr , the castle ~ night , 149 Inspector kemp and the villager be at the step of the castle . Inspector kemp pound on the front door . CUT back to : int . elizabeth' bedroom 150 Elizabeth lie in bed , illuminate by the flame from she fireplace . there be the SOUND of curtain flapping . the french door have be opened -- the silk curtain flap from a breeze outside . ° Elizabeth have a content smile on she face . her eye be 's close . a large shadow grow against the wall behind she . it cross she face and blot out she key . light . she open she eye and look ahead . her face freeze in terror . CUT back to : ext . the castle 151 the front door open and freddy appear in he robe , he look at the angry mob , freddy yest ? cont. 343 121 151 cont . inspector kemp '' forgive we for intrude so late at night , herr Baron . but a ugly rumor persist that there be strange going on in this castle . this good citizen be ready to rip you from limb to limb unless you can offer some rational : explanation for they fear . how say you ? . freddy Ugly '' vicious rumor ! a bloodcurdling scream ! do you hear that ? '' assorted villager '' what be that ? listen ! inspector kemp they say that you have recreate the ' horrible monster who have haunt and terrorize the god-fear people of this village . what say you to that ? freddy rubbish ! igor gome run out from inside the castle , everyone : igor he 's back ! he 's back ! the monster 's back ! look at freddy . what. monster ?? igor _ what. d* ya mean , ' what monster ?! you remember ... the one we make in the basement . : freddy I think we all need a good night 's bleep . why do not we meet next week and thrash this thing out ? igor you do not understand , master . the big fellow 's break in and kidnap you flancee . , cont. 343 castle . 122 - 151 cont.1 freddy what ??? igor he 's carry she off now , through the wood . . preddy , '' igor and the mob run around to the side of the : : CUT to : ext , side of castle : - 158. the monster can just be see , far below , disappear into the wood ( seven tree and a backdrop ) . Elizabeth be sling over the monster 's back . assorted villager there he be ! that 's the monster ! after hin ! kill he ! Inspector kemp and all the villager run off after the monster , leave freddy and igor alone . for . . igor . - what now , boss ? -- a little something to eat and then join the chasé ? freddy not ' wetve get to get he back here . I have get to relieve the pressure on he cerebellun . igor I like you style , master . : : freddy '' there 's only one way to equalize the - imbalance in he cerebrospinal fluid ... . ' one slim chance ... but I have get to take it . ' dissolve to :. ext . wood - night 153 the burgomesiter and the villeger be on the hunt . the burgomeister be be pull along by a giant great dane , . the villager climb little hill and rock . other dog ' be barking ferociously . : : cut to : - ; ' 123 int . cave - night 154 elizabeth lie on a bed of leave . she slowly open she eye and see : . the monster 155 smiling sweetly . elizabeth ( stifling a scream ) where be i?7 ..... what do you want ? eo what be you go to do with - : me2..e.. I be not. afraid of youl .... - how much do you want to let I go ? my father be . very rich -~ you could have the world at you fingertip .. listen ..... I have to be back by eleven - thirty -- I be expect a call . why don't you speak ??? the monater make a '' shhhh " sign with he finger . he start to move towards she . elizabeth what be you do ? the mera drift slowly towards the open to the cave , up to : angle on the moon . 156 : elizabeth' voice 0.8 . ) you can not be serious ... you do not understand -.. I have never .... oh , my God , lessee a female vocalist on a old 78 record can be heard singing : " hea - ven ! i'm in hea ~ven ! can har-dly speak . ... " poe - '' gum 0 : ext , wood - night be 157 the burgometster and the villager make théir way through the rock and hill alongside a stream . rowboat -- with villager 's torch and ' dog -- travel up the stream alongside the villager who be on land . 343 124 int . cave - night '' 158 ' Elizabeth and the monster be lie on a bed of leave . elizabeth penny for you thought . the monster 's eye twinkle lasciviously . _ youtre incorrigible !.... be not you ? een monster mmmomm . Le '' " slyzabeth all right , then ..... seven 's always '' be my lucky number . they be about to kiss when suddenly the monster 's ear perk up as he hear : Music : the eerie ' transylvanian lullaby . he do not know where it 's come : from . elizabeth . what , dear ? what be it ? '' the monster give a pathetic little cry . monster . mmmom be it that music ? : monster om : mom ! . probably just gome nearby cottage . _ nothing to worry about . the monster get up and start out of the cave .... pull py force , he do not understand . . : wmere ' be you 1 go ? they tve - leave they F - f-m station on , that 's all . he 's go . dissolve to : 343 343 125 ext . roof of castile - night 159 freddy stand ' in the night air play the violin -- a handkerchief under he chin . . in front of he be a tall microphone ‘on a stand with two enormous speaker nearby , , face the wood . igor sit on a chair near ' preday , like ea member of a band wait for he cue . now igor get up , put he trumpet to he lip and blow just the " bridge . " when he be finish , he sit back down and wait . : 's CUT ' to : ext , wood - night : 160 the monster walk passionately through the wood , fight the branch in order to get to the music . cur to : ext . another part of the . wood - night 161 the burgomeister and the villager make they way through the rock . and hill , alongside a stream . rowboate , with villager , torch and dog , travel up the stream , alongside the villager who be on land . the rock , hill and stream all look vaguely familiar . % CUT to : ext . roof of castle - night '' 162 the monster can be see crawl up the side of the castle , try to make it onto the roof . freddy and igor move close to the edge of the roof as freddy continue play . . . ( the the monster ) you can do it . the monster inch closer . . reddy you can do it . _ the monster inch closer . cont. 343 126 162 cont . . igor come 's on , big fellow ! freddy : ( to igor ) . be everything ready ? : . igor | : yes , master . be you . sure y want to go through with 1t ? freddy it 's the only way . .- '' igor ' ‘okay , boss ! but I hope you know what you be do . , cur to : ext . wood - night , 163 the burgomeister stand in water up to he waist -- he elothes all wet and tear . his great dane be swim next to hin , barking loudly . wait a mimte ! maybe he go back _ tothe castle . : . . 2 nd villager that 's right ! , . " -3rd villager . ' he 's probably right , , 2nd villager it.was all a trick by that lunatic ' doctor . 3rd villager ' let 's go '' pack there and tear they _ beth to piece ! ~ _ -. ° yt viclager let 's not lose we head . we have always listen to we burgomeister in the past . we should have the decency to hear he now . : 1st villager well -- what do you say , burgomeister ? cont. 343 127 163 cont . let 's go back there and tear they both to piece ! . assorted villager yay ! . - : to the castle ! dissolve to : int , laboratory - night 164 _ the monster lie on the operate table . his eye close . ' ¥rom out of ‘his head come ten thin tube connect with . one large tube . ' i ~~ the large tube travel up , above the monster 's head , turn ' across the room for five or six foot , then down again ... where it connect with ten thin tube that be stick into : angle on freddy head '' . 165 freddy lie on a operate table . 's his eye close . inge operate two gauge , one ig mark " intake " 3 the other be mark '' output . " inga how do I know when they be do ? igor . the doctor say to allow fifteen mimite : but not one second more , or one second less . CUT to :. angle on a giant clock on . the wall '' 166 with a sweep " second hand . it be 11:57 . - " 1 t+ inga' voice ( o.8 . ) how long be it so far ? igor be voice '' -* ( ow . twelve minute . cont. 343 128 166 cont. inga' voice : 0.8 . ) Three tes to gol , igor's voice back to scene 167 oo igor _ , what ' atya want to do to kill time ? '' rwca on , ' ayegor -- I be so afraid ! I just hope this all end weil . igor look into the lens of the camera . : _ CUT , to : ext . castle - night : 168 _ the burgomeister and the villager be pounding on the door . CUT to : int . ' laboratory _ 169 inga and tgor watch over the two body . CUT to : angle on the clock " ata tt 19 12:58 . - cur to : 171 . will CUT to : ext . the castle - night so 172 the villager be ramming the front door down with a pole . CUT to : 343 129 angle on the clock 173 it be 11:58 and thirty second . - gut to : int . laboratory a ayegor -- be you sure the doctor say fifteen minute ? be you absolutely certain he 's not in danger ?? ; '' igor . why , certainly ! May my mother grow two head if this do not all end well . . CUT to : | closeup of a two - head old lady a 175 rocking in a : chair . / / . CUT to : ext , the castle be 176 the front door give way . : the burgomeister and the villager burst into the castle . CUT to : int . reception hall lit the villager scatter every which way in search of the _ doctor and the monster . CUT to : closeup - the clock . . 178 it. as 11859 . and . ' twenty second . - ( ook my tp as. she - . hear the villager ) what 's that noise ? : cont. 343 130 179 cont . . igor sound like someone leave the tely on . villager come pouring ' down the statr and into the lab . : . 1st villager there they be ! oe . assorted villager kill they ! ru that doctor} : @ monster ! . wear they both to piece ! inga : : ( handle the gauge ) ayegor - what. time be it ? igor oh , amust be around midnight . «| eer maybe twelve fifteen . — ayegor -- clock ! hurry ! oo igor , ont . igor. dk at : . angle on the clock : 180 it be 11:59 and forty second . . . back to ' scene 181 oo igor ' another twenty second to go . inga | _ do sonethingt . stall they ! teor rush up to whe charge villager ... . " igor ow , 3 see '' here ? what be the 's meaning . of. this ? ~ . burgomeister we wish to see the. doctor ! igor what ? cont. 343 131 181 cont . burgomeister we wish to see the doctor ? / igor wate ' burgomelster '' we wish to see the doctor ! '' ist villager come on , men !! * they 8 sweep right over tgor and ' the burgomeister , : / cut to : angle on the clock '' 182 it ig 11:59 and fifty second , back t0 scene 183 : 2 nd villager ‘( see freddy lie on he operate table ) '' here 's that crackpot doctor -~ let 's get he first !! '' several villager grab freddy 's body and pull the tube ouT from he head . inga mo ( stand further back , unable to leave , the gauge ) . nof please !! , zoom to the clock '' 184 | tt de only 11:59 and fifiy - three second , back to scene _ . 185 the villager hola freddy up over they shoulder yell and scream . ' they start off with : he . . a giant voice ( o.8 . ) put that man down ! everyone turn towards the Voice . cont. 132 185 cont. there , on he operate table -- hold the remove tube from he head -- sit the monster . ' a old woman - why ..... it 's the monster ! : 1st villager no , it could not be . 3rd villager yes , it be . it must be .- . ~~ monster i ( stand on the table ) it say : put that man down ! the frighten ' villager carry freddy back to he table and lay he down . : . borgomeister and who be you , sir , that you - order this people about ? monster I be a relative of the doctor 's . ' I come to visit he a short while ago in hope that he might be able to help I with a certain condition - itve have since birth , but which -- because of some very recent add pressure -~ have turn out to be more than I could deal with . . spering what would he say ? relative ?? you see , it 's only recently that the problem of my great size and the . somewhat unusual feature of my head have become unbearable to ' I ... now , 1t seem , that whenever people look at I -- they want ‘to scream . I do not seem to bother _ little child , but the older one would cry , or vomit , the man always want to beat I over the head .... instead of overlook my outward appearance and respect I for . whatever good quality I have to offer the Laboratory be silent . 343 cont. 343 monster you can imagine , then , perhaps , how such bitterness lead I to another kind of lifé . I decide that if I could not inspire love see . which , I swear to you , be always my deep hope . ....r would , - instead ...... cause fear . a quiet shudder 's run through the villager . 's monster but we famous doctor here persuade '' I to give " he one last chance to ' redeem my soul , I find this man - to be vain ; I find he to be / obsessed with a thirst for power and consume with ambition for persondl glory . but even at the height of he . quest -~- this ego -driven , brilliant and half - craze scientist ... always ..... hold a image of I as something beautiful . and then , when it would have be easy enough to stay out of danger ..... he use himself as a@ guinea pig , in order to give I @ calmer brain ..... and a slightly more eloquent way of speak . yes -- I be ' the monster ' ..... sometimes know as ' him , * occasionally , ' the creature . ' but they be one and the same . I be that tail , peculiarly attractive stranger with the win smile , would you all get the hell out of here ! angle on the villager they mumble and shuffle out of the Laboratory . inga | oh : 6.4 , fifth Brain . .... you be . wonderful . but I be so worried about . the doctor . 133 185 cont.1 186 igor be listen to freddy 's . heartbeat as inga and the monster come to . he . they all three . put they ear to freddy 's chest and listen , they smile . : dissglve to : 343 . 134 int . modern bedroom - night 187 legend over screen tmage a few week later Elizabeth be sit at she makeup . table , dress in a nightgown , get ready for bed . oa _ elizabeth | darling ! I hope you do not find daddy 's little party too boring . . he do it just for you , and he mean so well , tell I you like angle on bathroom door . 188 ' oe : a voice ( o.8 . ) . elizabeth' voice 0.8. : . I know herd : 's just a scatterbrain without a serious think in she head , but ..... you love she just a little bit , do not you ? : a voice ( 0.8. elizabeth' voice ~' ( oes ) ~ . I be ready for bed , sweetheart . almost do ?? the bathroom door open and ..... the' monster step out . he be dress in elegant silk pajamas and a handsome robe. oo . Elizabeth get into bed and wait for he . . elizabeth - dkd you see ? -~ i. put a special hamper in the bathroom just for you shirt . the other one be for sock and poo-poo undy . cont. | 135 188 cont . . monster : ( take off he robe ) mmmm . - | he get | into bed and turn out the table lamp . . elizabeth . sti happy you marry I ? monster mmmmm . Love I oodle and codle ? mom. : : EL : izabeth so this be what it 's like to be completely happy ! monster mmmm , / screen wipe to : int . castle bedroom - night 189 freddy be sit . in a easy chair near the fire dress in pajamas and ribune ) - a newspaper ( probably the " transylvania tribun : from the bathroom come the sounp of nga humming a pleasant tune . ~ inga' voice do vou hane nice day today ? freddy on , just the usual : sore throat , a few cold , two bladder transplant and someone who think he be a : werewolf : . she go on hum . oe ingat voice ( o.8 . ) bid you notice the new drape I put up in the bedroom ? cont. 343 343 _ freddy slowly ' lower the paper . 136 189 cont . freddy \- ' ( look up ) , yes !..... they be very nice . I : like then . '' os a ) a short pause of silence , and then .... - inga' voice . , . inga begin th hum - quite unconsciously =~ the eerie '' transylvanian lullaby : freddy 's tace be ' hide behind the newspaper , but he be suddenly completely motionless . '' inga 's voice ( o.8 - ) I be hope you would like they . she continue hum the transylvanian lullaby . he touch he fingertip to : he temple ... his eye open = and close , as be be be try to focus . inga come out of the bathroom dress ' in she nightgown and fold back the cover of they large double bed . she continue hum . inga ail right if I turn out the lamp , _ sweetheart ? _ _° preddy ( answer ) ' she turn . out the lamp as she go on hum . now the '' hire be light only vy moonlight | and the glow from the se . oo inga . ( as she be . - . - " arrange the : pillow ) . - shall I set the alarm ? _ freddy mm . cont. 343 - freddy be stand at the edge of the bed . 137 189 cont .2 she go on hum as she pull out the stopper on the ‘@larm clock . freddy rise . his arm hang away from he ' body stiffly . he walk in fit and jerk . . ‘> mmmm for : inga yes , sweetie -- I hear you . so ! I be ready for you , meine liebe . : inga be you ready for I ? t mmmmemminmmenm '' '' oe inga ready for boom-boom machen ?? mme . : inga I love it when you be excited , come , then , my apfelstrudel ! come into my arm and let I hold you . freddy kneel onto the bed . - & long pause . - inga sweetheart ! reccoe - ls this really you ? ee cor go : angle on the turret at the top of the castle 190 igor sit in the window , blow he ram 's horn . pull back slowly until the whole castle 1s see . : a fade out