'' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 1. two moons sit high in the night sky ... mere moment from 1 a full eclipse . ext . dark forest . night 2 somewhere ... we see the racing footstep of four horse through the tree . the sound of a thunderous stampede . somewhere else ... a hooded witch look to the moon and spin around ... hooded witch the time be nigh ! a coven of hooded witch have form a circle in the forest . a beautiful maiden be throw on to a stone alter . she 's terrify , she hand bound . the witch begin chant as a evil looking warlock drop a large chalice and enter the circle , wiping the remain liquid from he mouth , smile a toothy grin at the scream maiden . warlock it have be one hundred year since this two moon have align . tonight under they glow I will fulfill the ancient prophecy ! and darkness shall return to the land as it do one thousand year ago . the hood Witches hiss with delight . the warlock stroke the frighten maiden 's face . warlock ( cont 'd ) be not afraid , my dear . this be you destiny . you will bear my dark seed give birth to a new age . a age of destruction . a age where . I rule the universe !!! thwip ! out of no where , a arrow with a glow tip find its mark through the center of he open mouth ... with a surprised look on he face , the warlock drop dead . the witch turn as a band of golden knight emerge from the forest and climb from they horse . they archer take aim on the hooded hag . the witch scream but it 's too late ... arrow quickly cut each down in unison . the maiden can barely believe she eye as all she captor suddenly lie die . ( conttnued y " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 2 . continued : 2 the head knight step forward , take off he helmet . head knight at ease maiden . you be safe . he look up to the two moon now move away from each other . the eclipse over . head knight ( cont 'd ) the world be safe . second knight let we pray that a hundred year from now , when this moon cross again . there be a hero as brave as you to keep the world from tumble into darkness . maiden God pray ... the maiden clutches the knight and look to the heaven . fade to black . maiden ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) +-.a hero as brave . title card : pretty much almost a hundre year later ... int . fancy tent - high noon 3 a doughy face be red with strain . his vein bulg . his eye shut tight ... pull out to reveal -- prince thadeous ( 30 ) be take a huge rip from a-hookah be hold up by three elve . elf # 1 you must remain calm my Lord . this will help you nerve . find you warrior 's heart inside you ! thadeous god be damned ! he exhales and cough like a mad man . thadeous ( cont ’d ) I be ready for anything now ! the elve all laugh and high five the Prince . ( conttnued '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 3 . continued : courtney ( 0.s. ) Prince thadeous ? courtney , a man who serve as the Prince 's trusty minstrel , peek he head through the tent . courtney ( cont ’d ) Sir , Mr. tumblebottom be wait for the duel . thadeous ..+. the duel ? ext . OPEN field - continuous 4 thadeous poke he head out of he blue tent . stand across the field in front of a red tent be the elf , jonathan tumblebottom . next to he , big beatrice and a clan of little elve . thadeous whisper to Courtney ... thadeous shit . can not do it . I be too high . I can not use a sword right now . I be bound to hurt someone . probably myself . song , Courtney . sing something to get I in the zone . Courtney strum he lyre . thadeous close he eye . courtney Prince thadeous would win he love today . by smite tumblebottom badly in the face . thadeous enough . I hate that song . tumblebottom come out from you hide Prince thadeous . you have have enough time to prepare . face you destiny . prepare to bleed by thy blade . thadeous compose himself and step out of the tent . the stone elve and Courtney stand behind he . the elve just keep giggle . blood shot eye , rip up . thadeous beatrice , look at he . he 's a elf and a asshole . ( more ) ( conttnitrd " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 4 . continued : thadeous ( cont 'd ) be this really what you want ? his love and sexuality rather than mine ? must we commit murder to decide you fate ? beatrice shrug . tumblebottom smile . tumblebottom she love you not , Prince thadeous . only upon you victory will she be yours . thadeous '' air measure '' tumblebottom 's height . he put it around waist height and then pretend to get a air blow job from he measurement . tumblebottom take insult and put he hand on he sword . tumblebottom ( cont ’d ) how dare you ! thadeous how dare you , Sir ! thadeous grab he own sword . thadeous ( cont 'd ) so we both have we hand on we sword now . there 's no turn back once this blade be draw . they begin to circle each other . tumblebottom I hope you enjoy bleed . thadeous I hope you enjoy bleed as well . because that be get ready to happen to you ! if the sword fight happen . thadeous grip he sword and then ... thadeous ( cont 'd ) fuck this ! I be a powerful and beautiful prince ! minstrel courtney ! fight he and prove you commitment to this kingdom . courtney , thadeous 's loyal and little minstrel , shift nervously as all eye turn to he . ( conttnued '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 5 . continued : ( 2 ) . 4 courtney you highness , I be not train in this way - thadeous destroy he ! courtney yes , you highness . Courtney put down he lyre and then step into the duel , pose no threat . tumblebottom look a little intimidate himself . he turn to he right hand man , lori . tumblebottom lori . you . go fight this freak instead of I . lori but Sir . tumblebottom you be my slave . do it . thadeous lean into Courtney 's ear , size up lori . thadeous you can take he . you must . the reputation of my manhood be depend on you . be the beatrice look at I ? big beatrice be eat a turkey leg and pay no attention . courtney I do not believe so , no . thadeous harlot . go on then , murder he . tumblebottom to the death ! Courtney step forward as do lori . courtney I have never do this before so - lori this should be easy then . lori sock Courtney in the face , grab he and spin he around . throw he to the ground . ( conttniued '' '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 6 . continued : ( 3 ) 4 give he a Atomic elbow and knock the wind out of he . Courtney scramble to escape , but be clearly get he ass kick for he kingdom . he get in a few good hit and the wrestle match ensue . thadeous get excited about the fight , a enthusiastic spectator root for Courtney . tumblebottom dig it too , pump he fist for lori . tumblebottom step back , light a joint , take a drag and hand it to thadeous who accept this good heart gesture . beatrice snore . a royal advisor ride a horse up the hill . out of breath , he formally call to he Prince . royal advisor Prince thadeous ! thadeous hide the joint and Courtney and lori try to play it cool and pretend they have not be fight . royal advisor ( cont ’d ) Prince thadeous , behold ! you father , King tallious have request you presence at once . you brother the great Prince fabious be soon to return home from he quest . his travel be near to the kingdom grounds . thadeous ah , fuck I . title rise in gothic , gold , iron maiden font : you highness ext . kingdom of doobery - day 5 a beautiful castle sit high above the kingdom of dubris . a group of bad ass knight in shine armor ride into the kingdom atop they thundering steed , they servant and minstrel in tow kick up dust cloud . int . the great hall — day 6 thadeous stare at he father as he be reprimand . Courtney stand behind he look a little beat up . king tallious be a kind , weathered king who sit on he throne . his advisor stand about . cconttniued y 6 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 7. continued : king tallious do not you want to welcome Prince fabious home ? thadeous why must I greet my brother , and bow to he because of a silly quest ? whenever I do extraordinary thing that deserve a nut suck nobody put out rise petal or turkey feather for I to prance upon . king tallious you brother go on a noble journey put he life on the line to protect this kingdom . thadeous and I have be do thing that I do to be do as well ! king tallious what ? thadeous Courtney , tell he the admirable accomplishment of my day . courtney umm ... you take a bubble bath with what 's she name ... and eat toast ... and have a cat nap and persuade the kitchen mistress to give you a rectal wash with partridge tear - the King sniff the air . king tallious you smell of wizard 's weed and bloodberry rum . what have I tell you about -?! thadeous - I evacuate a band of heathen in the valley that be threaten we woman and child by distribute mind alter substance . they be breathe on I and exude a stench most foul ! ( conttnured '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 8 . continued : ( 2 ) 6 king tallious why do I find that hard to believe ? suddenly , the door swing open , and in trot julie , another fey man minstrel with a scroll . a silent crowd follow he in . Julie clear he throat . thadeous roll he eye , take one of the old wise advisor 's goblet and start chugge . julie here ye , here ye ! I have come to herald news , and might I add with blossoming personal joy ... the return of prince fabious ! everyone in the great hall applaud ! a band play . prince fabious , ride in on a large white steed . you classic hero , good look , good hair , and charm out the ass . the Prince dismount he horse and take a bow . the crowd go nut ! fabious wink , send a row of sexy groupie maiden fainting . fabious ignore they all as he see he brother and get ecstatic . fabious brother thadeous !!! oh how I have count the day until we have be reunite ! I miss you so ! thadeous back pedal but fabious be upon he instantly , kissing both he cheek and hugging he aggressively . thadeous yes , all right , please stop that . fabious smile proudly , still hold thad with one arm , unrelent even as thad try to slide free . fabious dear brother , dear Father ... I return to the kingdom with only the fate to thank . the menace that have be cause so much destruction in we kingdom prove to be a formidable opponent indeed . king tallious whether you have slain the beast or not , my son , tis not important . ( more ) ( conttnured '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 9 . continued : ( 3 ) 6 king tallious ( cont 'd ) I just thank the god that you return in one piece and -- from a large sack , fabious pull out the severe head of a cyclop and hold it up for all to see . fabious behold ! the mighty cyclops ! the King and the rest of the hall gasp and burst into cheer . blood drip from the disgusting head . thadeous look , it 's drip all over the marble . that 's disgusting . the King pay no attention to thadeous and embrace fabious . king tallious fabious you have make I the proudest a father could ever be , yet again ! all the land owe you it 's gratitude and praise ! fabious just my duty as a Prince to protect and defend this kingdom no matter how grave the danger . and I must confess there be still more good news to come . Father , brother , Kingdom , I introduce you to my new love and bride to be , belladonna . the Band kick in again . fabious open the door to reveal : belladonna stand between two knight . smoke hot . goddamn . her look leave the King at a loss for word . fabious skip to she . they embrace and tongue kiss madly . they compose themselves , and turn to the court . fabious ( cont ’d ) belladonna , this be my family ! belladonna hi. int . great hall - night 7 a feast be serve . the Royal family sit at a table along with boremont . Julie , Courtney and other servant hustle about as the band plays . fabious recount he tale for all . thadeous watch belladonna who 's eat with she hand . ( conttnued ) " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 10 . continued : she 's also wear a rather unfashionable elaborate dinner gown . her hair be tease up in a strange style . she 's beautiful but there 's something that 's slightly off ... a retard innocence . fabious I laid in wait for hour , until I find my moment and sprung upon the creature . he fight hard but I fight harder . laying he to waste with my blade . but I must not take credit for this victory alone . for I never would have find the cyclops lair if it be not for the impeccable navigation skill of dear Simon . everyone turn to he mechanical crow simon , as it fly through the room and land on the back of a chair . cawing as its beady robotic eye light up . thadeous ew , not that disgusting fucker ! king tallious thadeous , do not talk with you mouth full . thadeous chew he stew . fabious continue ... fabious it be then two day into we journey home , that the wind carry a most beautiful song from a high tower . and that 's where mine eye find she . belladonna nuzzle closer . belladonna and mine he ! I have be hold captive by the dark sorcerer leezar in the Tower of disorder since I be but a babe . thadeous leezar ? who be that ? fabious a evil man , my brother . king tallious evil indeed . a dark wizard who have attempt to take over this land many time . ( more ) ( conttnued '' " you highness " — draft 15th April 2009 will . continued : ( 2 ) 7 king tallious ( cont 'd ) but he treachery have never be a match for this kingdom 's strength . belladonna nor for fabious . I could barely believe my eye when I see he climb the tower towards I . and before my evil captor be even aware , we have both slip away . belladonna hold up a fork . belladonna ( cont 'd ) my heart 's desire , what be this ? fabious that 's a fork , my love . you use it for eat . fabious demonstrate for she . she stare in wonder . belladonna abh . fabious spend all of she life in captivity have leave she unaware of a lot of we custom or ... just thing in general . thadeous so that would explain why she 's wear that dress ? belladonna I have never be aloud to pick out my own clothes . this dress be the first . do you like it ? all eye turn toward thadeous . thadeous uh , it 's , well to be perfectly honest with you -- king tallious the dress be magnificent , belladonna . I think no other woman have grace this hall with such beauty since my Queen be alive . everyone bow they head with respect . ( conttniued '' '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 12 . continued : ( 3 ) 7 king tallious ( cont 'd ) if you mother be here today she would be very proud fabious . thadeous roll he eye . fabious consider the many maiden I have bedd , I confess that I have know delight , but until I find belladonna , never a pleasure so gratify as that of true love . the two collapse into a full on make out session . Julie , the minstrel , close he eye and strum he lyre . he score they passion . king tallious the glory of Romance ! I will call upon my crier to proclaim : you wedding will be the great this kingdom.has ever see ! here , here ! all the court raise they goblet . thadeous stand . thadeous here , here , here , here ! attention please ! my turn , now . shut up please . Courtney , if you would ? everyone keep they goblet up . Courtney begin a rise tune on he lyre as thadeous prepare himself . thadeous ( cont 'd ) I have a gift for the two lover that I have orchestrate . behold ! music kick in as five asian acrobat come flipping into the room , follow by a man dress up like a baby be chase by a man in a lion costume . the lion pick up belladonna and confuse she as he try to dance with she . thadeous step out with a whip to dance and tame as the ringmaster of the performance . a random , yet somehow impressive spectacle . the acrobat swarm the guest and paw at they like '' cirque du Soleil '' meet '' cat '' . the big baby chase a frighten belladonna around the stage . king tallious what be go on here ?! ( conttnued 1 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 13 . continued : ( 4 ) 7 fabious think it 's funny and nod he head to the music . thadeous start crack he whip and dance harder . some sort of irish slam Dancing with the acrobat . the big baby - man pick up belladonna and try to carry she back to the table , but he trip and she land on the table . it break and the feast go crash . thadeous and the acrobat take a bow . the odd vegas-like show be over , everyone be perplex . belladonna start laugh hysterically with cake on she face . the King stand , furious : king tallious ( cont 'd ) what be that ?! thadeous ( proud ) magical entertainment ! they be we dance slave . even the big baby ! I buy they for the kingdom . my gift to you all !! king tallious slave ? how and why do you pay for slave ? fabious help he fiance to she foot . thadeous stew . king tallious ( cont ’d ) thadeous , how do you pay for this ?! the King be get angry . it become very awkward . thadeous if you must know , I didn 't pay for they . I traded some of we shittier village to the South . King tallious choke on he wine . king tallious you do what ?! fabious thadeous be right , perhaps now be not the time to discuss -- thadeous oh shut up , fabious ! always kissing father 's ass . ( more ) ( conttnued '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 14 . continued : ( 5 ) 7 thadeous ( cont 'd ) no one care what I do ! I be just as good a son and as you be and you know it ! king tallious you will not speak to you brother this way . or treat we castle with vulgarity ! apologize . and apologize to belladonna . she could have be kill ! thadeous oh boring ! I refuse . king tallious apologize ! thadeous I be sorry for say mean thing and big-baby be sorry for make you fall upon the cake . belladonna it 's all right thadeous . all very amusing if you ask I . fabious it 's all right , brother . it be good to be home . ' thadeous Courtney gather my thing , I be do eat dinner with this people ! thadeous dramatically get up from the table . king tallious thadeous ! come to I . thadeous amble over to he father . tallious deliver a open hand slap that ring thad 's bell . king tallious ( cont 'd ) you will respect I if not as you Father , then as you king ! thadeous that hurt , King ! king tallious t’was mean to . " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 15 . int . the royal training quarter - day 8 the door slam open , and thadeous enter . he grab a sword down from a wall of weapon and torture devise . he hold . the sword out as if to stop a invisible foe . he begin flailing the sword through the AIR . he suck at this . eye close , swinging wildly with no control . thadeous take that , and shove it into you bruce and bean ! i’1l show you . I be thadeous , the great sword fight man to ever live . you will be decease ! - now do you respect I , father ? he begin lung the sword . right then he hear : fabious ( 0.s. ) you should swing with you hip brother , you get great leverage . here , let I show you ... from behind thadeous , fabious appear . he stand behind he like one show a woman how to golf . fabious ( cont 'd ) hold you hand here and here , and swing from the hip like so ... fabious have he hand on he brother 's hip , and gently sway they as thadeous quickly loss he mind . thadeous get off of I ! god ! I know how to use a sword ! fabious oh do you ? fabious grab a sword and with a smile begin fencing with he brother . take it easy on he . thadeous bite he lip and swing aggressively . with a few graceful slice through the air , fabious show who the athletic brother be . thadeous stumble backwards and almost get he head slice off by a trip guillotine . fabious ( cont ’d ) oh dear ! I be dreadfully sorry thadeous . fabious help he to he foot . ( conttnurd '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 16 . continued : 8 thadeous you be wrinkling my clothes ! I can manage on my own . just then Simon fly into the room and perches on the window sill . thadeous steam and point at Simon . thadeous ( cont ’d ) no way . Simon , get out of here . I do not want he in here , fabious ! fabious Simon , go back to my chamber . Simon fly away blink . fabious ( cont ’d ) be you alright ? you be not cross with I be you , thadeous ? thadeous Cross ?! why would I be cross ? I mean besides the fact that everyone in the kingdom adore you and loathes I . you be a perfect brother and a perfect prince and you will be the perfect king one day . a fine King indeed ... but what of I ? fabious ( with a chuckle ) well , thadeous , first born like I be king , second born be ... ( hesitantly ) well , they can be what ever they choose to be . thadeous but I want to be king ! fabious grab thadeous 's hand and hold it in the air . fabious we can both be King ! thadeous no ! I want to be King by myself . fabious sorry . tradition run deep . speak of which , there be one more thing I would like to discuss ... ( more ) cconttnued '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 8 fabious ( cont 'd ) would you do I the honor of be the best man at my wedding ? thadeous best man ? fabious yes , brother . I could think of no one else I have want by my side . belladonna wish it as well . thadeous of course she do . do she even know what a wedding be ? fabious truthfully , I have to explain it to she . but she 's all in now . she 's have a tough life and I intend on change that . so will you share in this most joyous day ? thadeous sound tedious and boring , but if I be not mistaken it be a tradition that the best man be permit to lay with the bridesmaid ... plural . perhaps I can move some thing in my schedule around and make time for this chore . fabious hug he brother tight . thadeous ( cont ’d ) here we go with the hugging again . I do not understand how you can be so nice all of the time . you have just get back from a long quest . do not you ever get knacker or cranky for God 's sake ? ext . royal courtyard / fabious 's wedding - day 9 under a blizzard of flower pedal sprinkle from the castle high spire the royal wedding of fabious and belladonna be set to go . int . thadeous 's bedchamber - day 10 thadeous be dress elegantly . he set he powder wig and groom himself in the mirror . posture . satisfied . ( conttnued ) 10 11 12 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 18 . continued : 10 thadeous hello there , best man . with a wink , he depart ... ready . int . hallway - continuous 11 thadeous walk down a hall with he chin hold high . he pass a dressing room where he hear laughter . several knight be get dress . one knight , sir boremont , vent to they . boremont best man ? it 's a insult . how many quest have I be on with fabious ? countless . and yet he choose thadeous . in all my life never have I see such a sorry sack of shit . - such a poor excuse for a prince . he 's nothing more than a self entitle rotten baby . the Knights laugh . thadeous shift from confidence to confusion . boremont ( cont ’d ) I be sure that dandy will fuck up somehow . perhaps he will dress like a clown and give the entire kingdom a good giggle at he expense , like usual . everyone laugh . thadeous sadly take he wig off . ext . castle - day 12 thadeous storm away from the castle . he huff and puff . he 's piss . two boy run past play sword fight . boy 1 I be brave Prince fabious ! boy 2 no , I be brave Prince fabious ! thadeous snatch both wooden sword out of they hand and snap they in two . ( conttnued ) 12 13 14 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 19 . continued : 12 thadeous that 's enough of that , you infant ! he throw the sword on the ground and then begin cry . the boy just look at he weird . thadeous become self conscious and run away . Courtney chase after he . courtney you highness ... what 's wrong ? where be you go ? int . castle hallway - day 13 fabious wander the hall pass he formally dress guest as he search for he best man . fabious thadeous ?! thadeous ?! where be you brother ? int . elf house - day 14 thadeous throw open the door of the little work class elve . tumblebottom and he friend be work on some experiment in what look to be a medieval drug lab . thadeous tumblebottom . I must inquire as to what we be smoking on the day of we deadly duel ! tumblebottom turn around with a brick of gorgeous ganja . he wink at the Prince who give a proper courtsey . moment later ... thadeous and he new friend be hit the wizard 's weed and complain about life in general . Courtney behind he munch on some snack . thadeous ( cont ’d ) Father throw this huge wedding for fabious and what do he get I ? nothing . he can love he more but he should treat we as equal monetarily . he should buy I a magical steed or a Viking ship . something . ( conttniued ) 14 15 16 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 20 . continued : 14 courtney shall we go join the wedding ? I feel certain it be about to begin . tumblebottom it 's you brother 's wedding . you should be there . thadeous no . I have decide not to attend . i’1l remain hide here with my new friend and let they worry about I . thadeous take a big hit . ext . royal courtyard / fabious 's wedding - day 15 the royal party stand on a golden stage . King tallious and fabious confer as the ceremony wait . king tallious if thadeous wish to play forgetful on this he brother 's day of day , then wait we shall not ! fabious very well , Father . I fear I can no longer bear not be marry to this woman . fabious scan the courtyard for thadeous , disappointed . the King look to boremont , the Elite Knights , and Julie . king tallious Julie , you be the best man . boremont ( under he breath ) goddammit . Julie step forward , proudly . boremont bite he lip . int . elf house - continuous 16 thadeous and the elve be play a drink game and crack each other up . shot after shot . they dance in merriment . ( cont tnure '' 16 17 18 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 21 . continued : 16 thadeous so ... I do not get it . what 's the difference between dwarve , elve , troll , midget and leprechaun ? the question be a buzzkill . everyone stop and stare . at thadeous like he cross the line . tumblebottom by god be you a idiot ? there no such thing as fuck leprechaun ! everyone burst into laughter . ext . royal courtyard / fabious 's wedding - day 17 the King stand before the crowd . king tallious as you all know , my eldest son , Prince fabious , have have many quest , but none so adventurous as Marriage . everyone give a polite laugh . Julie clap . king tallious ( cont ’d ) this be the proudest day in all my life , and I thank you all for join with I . everyone clap , and Julie step on stage with a scroll . julie it have be my great fortune and utter privilege to have the honor of give over my dedication and loyalty with utter conviction to the very dear Prince fabious of dubris . fabious give a smile nod . ext . castle gate - continuous 18 two guard stand at the fortify gate . a blind gypsy approach , pull a wagon with a large golden BOX . the guard step forward block he path . guard # 1 aye , Stranger . identify yourself . ( conttnired '' 18 19 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 22 . continued : 18 blind gypsy I have come with a gift for the Prince . guard # 1 which Prince ? blind gypsy the one that be get marry . guard # 1 what be the gift exactly ? blind gypsy it 's a surprise ! guard # 1 a surprise ? blind gypsy yes . it 's a secret . guard # 2 come no further . we be under specific order that only guest of the king be to enter the castle wall on this day . blind gypsy I say , let I cross or lose you head . guard # 1 we head ? the gypsy step back and with a wick wave of he arm , a bolt of electricity shoot from he finger and decapitate both guard . they head fall to the ground . int . royal courtyard - day 19 belladonna walk down the aisle with she maiden . she join fabious at the altar . he take she hand . fabious my darling ... belladonna my love ... belladonna then out of nowhere begin sing . she look into fabious 's eye . he take a deep breath and then go for it and join she in a duet . ( conttnurd '' 19 20 21 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 23 . continued : 19 they sing a short verse of a cheesy love song in harmony . * think Peter cetera / Amy grant 1987 . int . elf house - day 20 thadeous and Courtney be eat a feast with the elve . he be come down off he drunken high . thadeous stomp around they small cabin break thing . thadeous ever since mother die , I have get the short end up the royal shasta ! aye ! my father refuse to see the good in I . instead , he look to fabious : the laziest , drunkest , most disrepectful , arrogant , cockheadedest , prick any royal kingdom have ever see ... I mean really , what in the fuck ?! thadeous collapse in devastate frustration . tumblebottom console he . int . royal courtyard - day 21 the song end . the lover look into each other eye . Simon , the mechanical crow fly around the crowd . he caw and go ape shit . everyone turn . up the aisle the blind gypsy pull he wagon . the golden BOX shimmer in the sunlight . the gypsy have attract the attention of all . the crowd fall quiet . blind gypsy greeting . I be look for the great Prince fabious and he beautiful bride to be . the crowd murmur . the King look to he son and shake he head with a understanding smile . king tallious I be sorry , old man , but now be not the time . run along . we be still in the midst of a ceremony . the gypsy bow , embarrassed . blind gypsy oh my . a thousand pardon . it appear my timing be off ... or I be just in time . ( conttnued '' 21 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 24 , continued : 21 the King motion to he Knights . king tallious help we guest with he wagon . blind gypsy oh , that will not be necessary ! in one swift motion , the figure rip off he cloak revealing he true identity . decked out in a wizard robe , a skull cap , and wear some serious siegfry and Roy man-make - up ' tis ... leezar , the evil wizard . the crowd gasp . belladonna faint in fabious 's arm . king tallious leezar !! leezar I have be expect I ! king tallious knight to arm ! the royal knight unsheathe they sword and approach leezar , who chuckle , twirling a sleek jeweled staff . leezar King tallious , do you really think you pathetic band of worm can stop I ? you should know better . mophindus ! leezar spin he staff send a bolt at the approach Knights . they all drop there sword , and double over in agonizing pain . the Royal Guard writhe on the ground , as leezar saunter past they across the stage , caress he staff . fabious how dare you show you foul face here on the happiest day of my life ! leezar how dare I ? I only come to reclaim what be mine . - belladonna , get that sweet ass over here ! fabious step in front of she , sword raise . ( conttnued ) 21 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 fabious nothing here belong to you , leezar , except you stinking heart . and for disrupt my ceremony we will now stab that and watch it expire ! the remain Royal Knights unsheathe they sword and join the Prince . leezar chuckle at the display . leezar spin he staff send a blue ball of electric magic right for the King . fabious swing he blade , deflect the ball and send it back at leezar , who jump as it explode beneath he . leezar well look at you . king tallious enough ! leave my son and he bride alone and leave my Kingdom ! leezar or what ? perhaps I will die at the blade of Prince fabious ? fabious you should be so lucky . escape this life with you miserable soul ! leezar ha ! you feign honor , a disguise thief . you come into my lair , and you take what belong to I ? you steal from my home ? you take my true love , belladonna ?! belladonna I am not you love ! fabious no one have love for you , leezar . and when I end you here today , I have wager not a single tear will be shed . by anyone ! leezar perhaps ... mother ?! the golden BOX then open and out crawl a red robed witch , follow by another , and another , and another ... ( conttnued ) 21 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 26 . continued : ( 3 ) 21 the crowd move away as more robed witch ... the four . mother of leezar emerge . mother # 1 we join we son in he decent into darkness and he rise to power ! the witch begin shoot bolt of electricity at fabious and the rest of the Knights , send they fly into the air spin . fabious be knock unconscious . the crowd go nut , scream and run , total mayhem ! in the midst of it all , leezar snatch belladonna . leezar here we be . bring together in this chain of love . belladonna let out a scream . the witch shriek , as they magic set the courtyard ablaze ! through the smoke - king tallious enough ! mother and spawn of the dark realm ! leave my Kingdom ! the king whip up a crossbow take from a fall guard . he let a arrow fly ... speed right for leezar when -- leezar slam the ground with he staff send out a sonic boom ! the speed arrow explode in the blast . the King be blow off the stage and carry off scream by he secret service - like guard . leezar roar in pain , drop belladonna . through he gut , we see the tip of a sword be stick out . behind he , with singe hair , be fabious with he grip tight and press he sword right through leezar . he withdraw he blade and step back , grab belladonna . leezar look down to the deep deadly wound ... and then in mere second the wound close up and heal itself . fabious and belladonna 's eye go wide . leezar look up to they and giggle . zap --! fabious be freeze in place from the powerful glow of leezar 's staff . belladonna scream in horror ! leezar bind her with colorful energy coil . the coil bring she right to ground below he . he hold she by the hair , pull the dagger from he back , and then lick he own blood from the blade . ( conttnurd ) 21 22 23 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 27 . continued : ( 4 ) 21 leezar farewell , Kingdom of dubris . it , have be my pleasure ! the robed witch climb back into the golden box one by one , each disappear inside . leezar stick he tongue in belladonna 's ear and snap he finger . they disappear in a poof of smoke . the spell break -- fabious spring to life and dive after they into the box ... wham ! the magic do not work for he . he smashes the box and land on he face . fabious belladonna ! no ! ext . castle - night 22 the castle stand still in the dark of night . from inside the wall the distinct moan of maiden sobbing . int . great hall - continuous 23 thadeous enter the castle , bleary - eye and buzze . instantly he see that the vibe be not good . injured people lay everywhere , the place be in ruin . servant tend to the King who 's bruise and batter . thadeous no one get up . I be just go to my chamber . very tired . fabious see he brother and run to he . fabious thank God , you be alive , brother ! when you do not show up at the wedding I think the worst . have you hear ? thadeous uh , you get marry ? congrat . I be go to come but have some thing pop up last minute . fabious dear brother I bare horrible news . leezar have take my love . he have kidnap belladonna ! ( conttnued '' 23 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 28 . continued : 23 fabious wipe he tear . Simon sit in the window sill . he blink and beeps sadly . king tallious two of we guard be behead ! and report have it that you be see play grab ass in the kwispy swamp with derelict elve ! all eye be on thadeous . thadeous uh ... I do not know who would have say that but they word be lie . I and Courtney be , uh , we be , Courtney what be we do ? Courtney cough . Julie appear in the doorway hold a scroll . julie here yee now ! all greeting in time of tragedy , the great White wizard . guard escort the great white wizard . the white wizard the wizard have cometh . what be it you seek from I ? fabious we need you help . my bride - to - be be kidnap by leezar ! the great white wizard ah , it be revenge you seek . well be prepare . a wizard such as leezar will not be undone with you blade no matter how well you wield it . fabious this I know . I gut he and he recover as if it be nothing . the great white wizard you 'il need a mystic blade to do this warlock in . a sword make of unicorn horn . the only material immune to this power . ( conttnued '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 23 fabious say where I can find such a sword and it shall be mine . the great white wizard eager , fabious . the blade of unicorn be hide in the depth of a enchant Cavern just beyond muldiss darton . you will face you darkest enemy and if you defeat it , the blade will be yours . fabious I will journey at once ! the great white wizard patience , fabious . let we fully understand the nature of the situation here . allow I to think . the wizard pull out he long pipe and pack the most amazing wizard grass thadeous have ever see . thadeous perhaps could I think as well ? the White wizard pay he no mind as he sit indian style in the middle of the hall . the White wizard he lick he lip and inhale deeply and then exhales a huge smoke bubble . the whole court wait on he breath . they all look at he . wait ... wait ...his eye close . thadeous ( cont ’d ) be he sleep ? king tallious White wizard ? the White wizard snap awake . great white wizard yes ! tis I , the great White -! he look around realize where he be ... great white wizard ( cont ’d ) - of course . now where be we ...? '' ah yes . I have have a vision . the wizard take a hit and exhales another smoke bubble . ( conttnued '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 30 . 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 great white wizard ( cont ’d ) prophecies foretell of a man impregnate a virgin woman under the eclipse of the two moon . the dark child she would bare would be a demon . a dragon . : king tallious a what ? fabious wait , impregnate she ? thadeous he want to fuck she so he can make a dragon ? eww . fabious this be horrible . fabious 's whole body sink . he lean against he father for support . fabious can barely hold it together . everyone seem to get it except thadeous who continue on unknowingly . thadeous that be so disgusting . imagine how gross that would look . her. leg spread and a baby dragon all slime and blood cover with claw and wing and shit come squeezing out . fabious can not bear the think of it . he puke . thadeous jump out of the way . fabious I can not believe I let this happen . the great white wizard you bride be no good to he if she 's have intercourse previously . king tallious ah , then leezar 's plan be foil ! you have bede she , have you not ? fabious ( nervously ) well , uh ... truth be tell . I have be have concentration problem as of late . ( more ) ( conttnied ) " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 continued : ( 4 ) fabious ( cont 'd ) I think it 's the post - traumatic stress of the cyclops skirmish , and well ... how exactly do you define intercourse ? the crowd gasp . fabious ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I have fail the Kingdom . king tallious leezar must be stop . the destruction he could induce with the aid of a beast as mighty and vicious as a dragon be unimaginable . when be this eclipse , White wizard ? the great white wizard not this Tuesday , but the next Tuesday . 31 . 23 fabious stand tall . we can see he gather he courage and so can the crowd . he 's back in form . fabious then we have not a moment to lose . I will lead a quest to rescue my love and with the mighty unicorn blade -- the great white wizard it 's actually blade of the unicorn . . fabious right -- and with the blade of the unicorn I will slay leezar ! fabious raise a fist . the royal staff cheer he courage . thadeous step up . thadeous and I will wish you good luck , brother . it be nice to have you back , as short as the visit be . we will look forward to the next time . Goodbye . get lose . thadeous raise a fist . the crowd be awkwardly silent . King tallious glare at thadeous . cconttnued '' 23 24 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 32 . continued : ( 5 ) 23 king tallious save you word , thadeous for you will be accompany he . thadeous be catch completely off guard . he fumble unprepare . Julie smile smugly . king tallious ( cont ’d ) it be time for you to become a man once and for all . on the open road of a treacherous quest ! you must journey with you brother to save belladonna ! thadeous not interested . you want I to go on a quest let 's start with something easy , like find treasure or beat off in front of a pegasus . beginner 's shit . king tallious you have neglect my authority and the heritage of this kingdom for far too long . this expedition will prove you be a man worthy to bear the family shield . thadeous what if I run away right now and hide and you can not find I ? what would happen then ? king tallious the choice be yours thadeous : you can pack you bag and accompany you brother or pack you bag and enjoy banishment from this castle . thadeous just stand there as all eye be on he . the great White wizard exhales another big hit . him and the White wizard lock eye . and then without move he mouth , the great White wizard speak through thadeous 's mind . the great white wizard you be fuck . int . leezar 's tower - day 24 belladonna 's eye SNAP awake . unsure of she surroundings . she lay in the center of a pillowy bed , wrap in the white silk . ( conttnued '' 24 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 33 . continued : 24 the room around she be like that of a lonely little rich girl . pale color , lace fabric , a small carousel , a puppet theater , giant doll , etc . belladonna hello ? leezar ( 0.s. ) welcome home . leezar appear by the window and turn . belladonna stay away from I ! leezar you anger will not last . true happiness await upon you submission to my kiss . leezar point out the narrow window to the twin moons , both little more than sliver that punctuate the day sky like parenthesis slowly march towards each other . leezar ( cont ’d ) looky there . the twin moon appear almost as halve rather than whole , fragment of a form ... now we know tis but a trick of the eye and yon moon drift complete as ever ... look can be decieve . leezar smile a wick grin and clap he hand . leezar ( cont 'd ) I have raise you in eager anticipation of they eclipse . just as the moon unite ... so will you and I . he kiss she lip . she spit in he face . belladonna you will regret this ! fabious will return for I . that ugly eye I look into now will bleed by the blade of fabious 's sword ! leezar that 's actually not true . one , fabious will never make it back to this tower to save you . I will make sure of that . and two , I be charme my dear . blade and sword can do I no harm . ( more ) ( conttnurd } 24 25 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 leezar ( cont 'd ) fabious 's mighty sword be useless against I , steel , bronze , all -- belladonna whip a dinner fork out of she dress and stab it into leezar 's hand that 's against the wall . leezar calmly look to he hand pin to the wall . leezar ( cont 'd ) what be this ? belladonna it 's a fork . it 's for eating ! he shake he head and pull the fork out of he hand . the wound instantly heal before belladonna 's eye . leezar do not I just say this sort of thing can not hurt I ? shame . you anger for I cloud you judgement . but it 's not you fault . I lock you in here alone for all that year . never show you attention nor love . why would not you want to leave or stab a dinner utensil through my hand ? this time it will be different . I will pay you more attention . when we fulfill the prophecy together I hope that it can be a act of love as oppose to , well , you know , rape . rape be so rude . in the meantime ... make yourself at home . leezar turn and disappear from the room . belladonna be leave all alone . she run to the window and scream belladonna fabious !! ext . outside dubris - day 25 fabious walk determine . sweep shot of the royal party travel through the countryside . the Royal Knights and carriage move along on horseback . boremont lead the gang of guardian warrior : manious the bold , tall , ugly and medieval . thundarian , a rip up black dude on steroid . daronious the swift , carry two handgun size crossbow from he side like a gunslinger . ( conttnurd V " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 35 . 25 continued : 25 the brother mein , two identical bad ass asian martial art dude . fabious we will follow the highlands into muldiss darton . if we ride fast it should be uneventful . boremont aye , you highness . but what adventure do not hold a twist or a turn ? fabious laugh . boremont sniff the air . then look over he shoulder to thadeous 's carriage . boremont ( cont ’d ) so , do he plan on remain in he foul smell carriage the entire quest ? fabious he be here to learn , boremont . it be not we place to judge . boremont it be a wonder you be cut from the same cloth . if there ever be two man who be more different - fabious we be cut from the exact same cloth . my father 's dick . let no man forget . I would give my life for thadeous . boremont Noble , fabious . I be sure he have do the same for you . fabious my love for he rely not on he action . boremont that be a good thing , you highness . a good thing indeed . 26 int . thadeous 's royal carriage - day 26 thadeous puff away on joint . he lay on fancy pillow . Courtney sit beside he . ( cont tnued '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 36 . 26 continued : 26 thadeous you see Courtney . I alone understand how to properly prepare for a adventure . comfortable garment , soft pillow to lay upon . how much booze do we bring ? courtney ten barrel of mead , and fifteen case of whiskey you highness . thadeous hopefully this journey will not be too stressful or boring . either way , I would prefer to be waste the entire time if no one object . and how be Steven do ? Courtney look to a large fancy pillow where steven , a fat gila monster , sit . courtney he seem fine I guess , Sir . thadeous fabious have Simon , and now I have Steven . a far superior creature companion would not you agree ? Steven just sit there motionless . courtney I be sure he will be most useful . thadeous nod . he take another hit , then sniff . thadeous I smell something gross ? do you break wind ? courtney I believe Steven have shit himself . 27 ext . campsite / forest / ruins - before dark 27 Camp be be set up for the evening in a forest of statue ruins from a ancient time . Courtney clean stain out of thadeous 's carriage . Steven sit tie to a tree . the Guardian Warrior finish building a fire . thadeous come out of a large tent with a bottle of booze . ( conttnured '' '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 37 . 27 continued : 27 thadeous here thee all brave knight who stand before I . I propose a toast , let we drink until thine ass be drunk ! he gulp from the bottle and hand it to manious . manious the bold aye , no thank you , Prince . thadeous this be the finest goat 's piss that shall ever touch you lip . what be you a flat cock ? fabious brother , we do not celebrate until we complete the quest at hand . tis code of the Knights Elite . thadeous pfft. code ? how about my code ? where we all drink like shepherd and get shitface . boremont thadeous , we do have tradition of we own . one of which seem appropriate for this occasion . the carcass of a wild horned boar be stick on a stick and about to be spit roast over the blaze fire . fabious you will enjoy this , brother . thundarian the colossus , prepare the warrior 's tide , if you will . thundarian roll up he sleeve . boremont tradition ordain that on the first night of a quest we partake of the warrior 's tiding to strengthen we bond by devour the heart of a boar . thundarian wink to thadeous , then plunge he hand into the boar 's chest and remove its melon size heart . thundarian - and if it be the first night of you first quest ... well ... ( conttnured '' 27 28 29 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 sly grin all around as thundarian turn and offer the heart to a very queasy look thadeous . Simon caw . thadeous I think I 'il pass . manious it 's a tradition among man ! thundarian every man must partake ! boremont lest we be curse ...! thundarian shake the disgusting , blood fill organ in thad 's face who reluctantly take it only to find the sucker be slippery . finally he get a hold of it . the knight start chant . all knight eat it ! eat it ! eat it ! thadeous look to he brother for help but fabious have join in . his attention return to the heart as he slowly draw it closer and closer to he mouth ... ext . elsewhere at the campsite - continuous 28 across the camp , the back flap of one of the larger tent be open , and a shadowy figure emerge . it 's julie . knight ( 0.s . ) ' eat it ! eat it ! eat it ... Julie smile to himself , slip away from camp . int . clearing of the white willow - continuous 29 Julie position a small gem stone that hang by a string from a tree . he then kneel in the dirt and open he satchel . he remove four crystal that fit together like a puzzle to form a small 8 inch clear pyramid . he then find a small wooden BOX in he bag and twist several chamber like a rubix cube . he reach into he mouth and pull out one of he back tooth . he plant the root of the tooth into the wooden box . it light up and shoot a beam of light into the gem on the tree that reflect a rainbow prism into the pyramid . he recite a incantation : ( conttnued ) 29 30 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 39 . continued : 29 julie uraylot , puffy muff , fuucous , guttoon ... as he hum this weird word , the rainbow color merge in the pyramid , and finally become a trippy hologram of leezar' face ... active and communicate ... julie ( cont 'd ) ( secretively ) you most dedicated servant Julie with a report , master leezar . we have cross the hazel meadow on we way to muldiss darton . we rest for the night near the Cliffs of kuneman . leezar 's float head gaze at Julie who respectfully bow , neither scoundrel aware of the figure in the bush watch : courtney sees it all while taking a piss . leezar very well . now that dubris 's finest warrior have leave the stronghold , they vulnerability be in you hand . see that they get no closer to I . poison they as they sleep . julie very well master . scare shitless , Courtney shake he dick and run . int . thadeous 's tent - moment later 30 the rowdy laughter of the knight can still be hear . thadeous ( 0.s. ) I can not believe you make I do that ! leave I alone ! thadeous come storming inside , the front of he wardrobe splatter with puke stain . fabious follow . fabious thadeous calm down , really . the initiation be over . you pass ! thadeous I puke all over myself in front of you stupid friend ! just then Courtney , wheeze from run , burst in . ( conttnurd 1 ) " you highness '' - draft 15th April 2009 40 . 30 continued : 30 courtney forgive my intrusion , sir , but I be take a piss and witness a most disturbing incident ... 31 ext . the wood - moment later 31 Courtney lead thadeous and fabious through forest . fabious there must be a misunderstanding . Julie have be my most trust confidant , I just can not - julie ( 0.s. ) you can not what , you highnessses ? they be startle as Julie step out of the shadow . the lantern reveal the serious look on fabious 's face . fabious be it true ? how could you Julie ? julie easily . quite easily in fact . at that moment Julie whip two of the brightly lit gem stone from he robe and strike they together create a blinding flash right in thadeous and fabious 's eye ! thadeous oh fuck ! my eye !!! fabious we have be flash blind ! Julie smashes they head into a tree and bolt away . the brother try to follow blind and dizzy . thadeous Courtney , murder he for I ! without hesitation Courtney dart off like a cheetah . Julie seem to have a good lead until he glance over he shoulder and spot Courtney . bam ! courtney tackle julie and the two fight in some hand to hand combat . fabious and thadeous move blindly through the wood behind they . fabious where be you ? ( conttnited '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 41 . 31 continued : 31 thadeous I be right here . fabious I can not . see you ! courtney ( yell to fabious ) okay ?! we be fight ! now what ?! fabious and thadeous catch up and open they eye to watch the fight already in progress . thadeous kill he !!! fabious no! just hold he Courtney ! restrain he with all you might ! Courtney wrestle Julie , hold he with both arm as he kick and flail . then julie shriek like a cat in heat ! fabious and thadeous run up as julie tear away from Courtney 's grip . Courtney still hang onto he robe . thadeous and fabious regain they vision , and everyone gasp at the sight before they . Julie stand nude from head to toe , a pale body with one disturbing detail : he have no genital . just a smooth skinned ken doll crotch . thadeous Julie , do not have a dick ! fabious how unfortunate ! julie hiss and attack using he finger nail as claw ! more demon - cat now than human , he become a hiss and scratch , dickless tornado , claw at everyone ! fabious kick Julie away . he hit the ground , recover , and dart into the forest . fabious , thadeous , and Courtney chase after Julie . fabious ( cont ’d ) Julie hiss at I ! thadeous I be run ' on a upset stomach ! 32 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 42 . int . master of arm tent - second later 32 fabious , thadeous , and Courtney run into the large tent . fabious boremont ! a turncoat have be discover ! boremont turn . Julie hide behind he , nervously . fabious ( cont 'd ) boremont , seize Julie . I be afraid he have betrayed we ! thadeous , totally piss and point . thadeous that thing be a traitor and a disgusting eunuch ! boremont a traitor you say ? well that be most unfortunate . but what be more unfortunate for you , be that he be not the only one . Julie 's shiver stop and he smile wickedly . boremont ( cont 'd ) what be we master 's order ? fabious 's jaw go tight . julie the order be simple . kill fabious and leave the chubby one as brunch for the beast of the wilderness ! boremont and the Rest of the Elite Knights unsheathe they sword . fabious boremont , how could you ?! we be friend and what about the code of the Knights Elite ? boremont '' code '' , you ask ? upon you choice of best man , you '' code '' become clear to I . I be ready to serve a master that appreciate what I do for he . ( more ) ( conttnued '' 32 33 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 43 . continued : . 32 boremont ( cont 'd ) like leezar will appreciate how I dispose of you and that sack of shit . thadeous look offended . thundarian and manious move in . fabious jump kick they both send they fly into the crate of liquor which shatter . he sling the lantern at they send they both ablaze ! the two men scream as they burn alive . thadeous grab a sword , try to keep the brother mein away . fabious have a quick swordfight with daronious and then slay he . before boremont can move in , fabious kick down the tent 's CENTER beam ! it collapse on they all . ext . campsite / toppled tent - continuous 33 with a rip , fabious emerge from the tent . he waste no time take advantage of the situation by kicking the shit out of and stabbing every crawl lump under the canvas . thadeous and Courtney get out and follow suit . thadeous _ they be go to kill US ! fabious it certainly appear that way . but the prince of dubris be not undone so easily ! Quick ! that horse ! fabious dart to the horse and mount one . Courtney mount another . thadeous stand beside another one , uncertain . from beneath the tent , the traitor be try to cut a exit . thadeous I do not like riding on horse fast . especially while be pursue . fabious what ? courtney . tis true . his majesty hate riding horse fast . thadeous we will have to think of another way to escape . ( cont tnure ) 33 34 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 44 , continued : 33 fabious take a deep breath and then see boremont emerge from the tent . fabious snatch he brother 's arm , and jump up onto he horse . fabious now ! - hold on ! fabious give the horse a kick and they be off ! Julie , and the batter traitor emerge from the tent . julie catch they ! they mount the remain horse . the chase begin ... int . forest - dusk 34 fab and thad power through the forest as branch whip by they . Courtney ride better than you have think . courtney you highness , we have company ! thadeous I be not look . I be just go to keep my eye close and pretend that none of this be happen ! fab look over he shoulder and spot the brother mein come up fast . the brother split up to take fabious horse from both side . fabious thadeous , I be go to need you to take the rein . thadeous the Brothers mein draw they sword and narrow the distance . thadeous ( cont ’d ) oh shit . fabious leap from he horse and dive onto one of the approach mein 's horse . he knock the sword out of the man 's hand , punch he in the face and then toss he off the horse and gain control .. thad be hold the rein of the horse and scream bloody murder . ( conttnued } 34 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 45 . continued : 34 thadeous ( cont ’d ) too fast ! too fast ! help ! the remain brother mein smile as he draw he blade and prepare to strike at thadeous ... whoosh ! fabious swing he sword find it 's mark right through the remain mein 's chest . he drop dead . fab then leap back onto the horse with thad . Courtney blaze ahead . fabious kick the horse into over drive as Julie approach from behind . Julie load a crossbow ... the arrow go sailing right past they head . Courtney and thadeous turn around and spot Julie . thadeous ( cont ’d ) dickless be back and he 's shoot arrow !! fabious duck ! fabious steer the horse quickly to the leave . take a narrow path over a fall tree . a huge branch go right over they head as they duck hold each other . Julie be too busy reloading to notice the branch . wham ! he smashes into the tree face first and be toss like a rag doll to the ground . thadeous uh , what be we do , brother ? fabious we be do revenge ! fabious give the horse a kick . thadeous can we pull over , I may throw up again . boremont ride up to Julie and halt he horse . boremont get up ! julie the obstacle be unavoidable . boremont save you excuse . they know not where they stray ... ( more ) ( conttnurd '' 34 35 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 boremont ( cont 'd ) strange danger await they in the Valley of mount dithen ... regret soon fall upon the son of the great King tallious . a smile curve across he face . ext . forest ~ night 35 fabious , thadeous , and Courtney have stop in a swamp to water they horse . thadeous this turn of event have throw we entirely off course . we have no idea where we be ! we will never get to muldiss darton without the protection of guardian ... and I have no carriage ! fabious turn , full of passion . fabious grant we pilgrimage will be more challenging and we road uncertain , but this do not mean we surrender the quest . my love await rescue ! I would risk we life to save she . thadeous no way ! quest cancel . this have become dangerous ! I promise you 'il rescue more lady in you life . let 's go home and test to see if you still miss belladonna . just then that familiar squawking ... simon the mechanical crow fly on to a nearby branch . fabious look to he . fabious Simon . where have you be ? where be you when I need you ?! Simon caw . thadeous suddenly go pale , remember -- thadeous oh fuck ! Courtney and fabious spin around -- fabious what be it ? ( conttnurd ) '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 47 . 35 continued : 35 thadeous I leave goddamn Steven back at camp . fabious what ? who 's Steven ? thadeous he 's my loyal animal companion . he 's just as important to I as Simon be to you ! but I guess I x11 never see he again ! fabious very well . I understand that bond . it 's not ideal but if it 's what we have to do , then we will do it . let we return to camp , face the traitor , and rescue steven ! thadeous no , fuck it . it 's over . Simon caw . thadeous eye he . thadeous ( cont ’d ) perhaps it be only fair since my animal companion be go , you should get rid of yours too . fabious that would serve no purpose , thadeous . it would be the same as I ask you to get rid of Courtney because Julie be no longer with we . thadeous I will get rid of Courtney . i'11 push he into that quicksand right now if it mean fair be fair . courtney I do not like that idea . fabious Simon can help we . Simon , take this message to Father . Simon blink and beeps . fabious ( cont ’d ) tell he the Elite Knights betrayed we . ( more ) ( conttnurd 1 35 36 37 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 35 fabious ( cont 'd ) tell he to send a army across the valley . tell they to meet we in muldiss darton to help claim the sword of the unicorn . hurry . fly now to dubris , Simon , and deliver this desperate word ! we must run to find my love . we have not a moment to lose ! Simon blink and fly away . thadeous watch he go . ext . tower of disorder - night 36 . the two moons continue to rise above leezar 's Dark Tower . int . leezar 's lair / dine hall - night 37 the robed witch from the wedding enter the dark hall lead by mother # 1 . the Arabic look room of melting candle and pillow be set for a feast . leezar lay beside belladonna who be in chain and dress provocatively . leezar Nice of you to finally join we , mother . I have prepare the perfect feast for all of the important woman in my life . mother # 1 we be eager to witness you consecration . leezar comb belladonna 's hair and smell she . belladonna you touch disgust I ! leezar smile and stuff a napkin in she mouth so she can not speak . he recompose himself . leezar mother , I know you know who belladonna be , but I do not believe you really know who she be . and tonight I have arrange this meal so that we can all take a step towards learn more about one another . ( conttnued '' 37 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 49 , continued : mother # 3 she spit 37 mother # 1 soon the prophecy of we council will be fulfil and darkness shall return to the land as it do one thousand year ago . chew she food with distaste . mother # 2 leezar ?! what be this rubbish you have set before we ? leezar why it be bean scoops , wheat toast , and fish finger . it out on she plate . belladonna roll she eye . leezar ( cont ’d ) be you not pleased with my cooking ? the other mother spit out bite of they own . another mother enter the room . mother # 4 aye , mother ! we have receive word from the minstrel Julie . a devilish smile creep across leezar 's face . leezar give word . have my minion give they food poisoning ? have the child of King tallious be strike with thunderbolt across thyn eye ?! mother # 4 they be still alive . Julie say they track they as far as the Valley of mount dithen . mother # 1 you fool . you should have kill the son of tallious when you have the chance ! belladonna spit the gag out of she mouth . belladonna the will of my love be too great . I do not care of what dismay this bitch tell . ( more ) ( conttnied '' '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 50 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 belladonna ( cont 'd ) my prince and he strange brother will arrive here in due time . mother # 1 slap she and put back in the gag . leezar thank you , mother . but I can handle . she myself . mother # 1 we have go to great length to ensure that nothing would stand in the way . you grandfather josh fail a hundred year ago . foil by the Golden order of Knights . and what have we do for you ? leezar you have kill the Golden order of Knights . mother # 1 we track down the blood line of the order and deliver each of they to they doom . and why do we do this ? leezar so there would be no one to stand in we way . mother # 2 so there have be no one to stand in we way . mother # 1 so why be there now someone stand in the way ! leezar snatch he staff and hold it up ... ready to attack . Blue bolt of electricity singe around the mother 's finger . they lock eye . leezar calm and lower he wand . belladonna be spook at the domestic quarrel . leezar mind you place . I will fulfill the prophecy and when I control the beast I will control the world . you would be wise to remember that . nothing will stand in my way . certainly not two foolish prince . mount dithen be marteetee 's land . ( more ) ( conttnued ) 37 38 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 51 . continued : ( 3 ) 37 leezar ( cont 'd ) I will contact the mad faggot and make sure he finish they . now if it 's not too much to ask may we enjoy this fuck delicious buffet I have prepare ? leezar hold a fish finger up to belladonna 's lip . ext . valley of mount dithen — day 38 fabious , thadeous , and Courtney be on they horse make they way through the tree and a strange tribal look mysterious forest . thadeous ( sing ) not even fatigue could dampen the raging fire of revenge . thadeous wish for the traitor life to end ... he swore he would ... uh , I be draw a blank . courtney ( sing ) .-. lay waste to they ? thadeous no. something bolder . he swore he would slash they face with cut from he sword ! fabious who 's be listen the whole time begin to sing without even look back at they . fabious --- he swore that for this crime he would show no mercy . put he blade to work so fiercely , never rest on any quest ' till every drop of blood be flood from the heart beneath this villain 's breast ! Courtney and thadeous exchange a look . thadeous that , Courtney . write that down . that 's what brave Prince thadeous swore to do . not bad brother . not bad at all . fabious thanks . they hear a clicking SOUND in the wood as they move . cconttnite 1 38 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 52 . continued : 38 courtney hark ! listen ! thadeous step closer to he brother for protection . stand twenty foot in front of they , a tall white haire pale skinned topless beauty with perfect breast . thadeous whoa ! who the hell be that ? the beauty smile and summon he with she finger . she turn and disappear behind some tree . thadeous climb off he horse to follow she . fabious thadeous , no ! thadeous she might be in distress and need my help . fabious we have not time for promiscuity ! from behind the tree the vixen let out a playful giggle . thadeous trust I . I will make it quick ! thadeous strut into the wood and disappear . fabious sigh and turn to Courtney . fabious sometimes I think he do not care about this quest . courtney what on Earth make you think that ? thadeous ( 0.s. ) oh shit !!! thadeous come run back out full speed . he 's cry . thadeous ' ( cont 'd ) run !!! suddenly , from around the same corner step the vix and ten other pale blonde topless beauty like she . they approach thadeous with violent look primitive weapon . ( conttnued '' 38 39 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 53 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 they turn to escape in the other direction , but discover they be surround on all side . the boy freeze . fabious White people ! - I know it ! the White people move closer , clicking there tongue and grunting in a strange mountain speak . courtney it must be a trap set by leezar . thadeous look to see several of they humping tree aggressively . thadeous eww . what do we do ? fabious I do not know . t’is against the code to strike a woman . thadeous I have have enough of you code ! punch they in the face ! thwick -- a dart stick in thadeous 's neck . a pale amazon woman send a dart fly into Courtney 's neck . then another hit fabious . all three look to each other . courtney this be so fuck up . we heroes pass out . Courtney fall off he horse . CUT to black . int . mount dithen - day 39 fabious awaken slowly . thadeous and Courtney be beside he in a dark cell alive with five other prisoner . fabious where have they take we ? thadeous be we dead ? a hooded prisoner step from the shadow . hooded prisoner not yet . ( conttnured '' 39 40 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 54 . continued : 39 the sound of distant cheer and drum bounce around the wall . a skinny prisoner start cry and moan : skinny prisoner no please . please not I . please do not pick I ! thadeous what 's he go on about ? sound like a chamber may on she period . hooded warrior if you know what he know , you would be on you knee as well . a door open to reveal a outside large arena in a primitive tribal look rock quarry compound . one end of the floor drop out and they slide out of the cell . int . arena — continuous 40 the door shut behind they . the crowd surround the cave be a sea of pale , tall , men 's face stand behind bar like psycho albino prisoner with clay in they hair and DNA marre by the generation of inbreed . fabious ( to thadeous ) see what happen when you follow you selfish desire ?! I know the woman in the bush be a trap . this could be a major setback . marteetee rise . a dirty , no tooth , grotesquely obese man , with white skin and red eye . he wear a turban and be escort to a balcony overlook the arena , where he be lavish upon by the beautiful female of he species who rub oil on he . face of lost soul yawn and moan within the wall . marteetee yes ! yes ! we find you ! rub I and tend to I my little bean ! pleasure my sense to excess ! welcome . welcome friend of leeeeezar !!! on the arena floor : ( conttnitrd 1 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 55 . continued : 40 fabious a rodeo of death ! a secret tradition practice by the mountain mortal for century and command by marteetee . thadeous what the fuck be marteetee ? up on the balcony : marteetee good day today . welcome to my most special of game ! I promise leezar you head will roll ! thad turn around as a group of milky inbreed unlatch a huge lock and crank open a massive steel hatch ... marteetee ( cont 'd ) yes my pretty ! tis time to play so I can watch ! oh how I watch thee prancing through my heart 's desire ! enter my bulbus ! enter dastardly !! aggressive music kick in . a fully clothed man , well build and extraordinarily good look : dastardly enter with long 80 's rockstar hair . he be heavily armed with dagger , sword 's and leather accessory . the crowd go wild . dastardly begin what seem to be some sort of medieval strip tease as he juggle knife and gyrate in sexual gesture that seem dangerous consider the sharp metal he 's play with . he stalk one of the prisoner and after some fancy sword spin , he stab he to the death and then take he shirt off . the crowd sweat in they cage . thadeous oh shit , I do not like this a bit ! fabious brother . if I be kill in this arena , will you give I you word to continue we quest ? the future of the kingdom be at stake . thadeous of course ! ( conttnued '' 40 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 fabious of course what ? thadeous I will ... keep do quest . a blade be throw at thadeous . with lighting fast speed , fabious push thad out of the way and snatch the blade . he jump into the center of the arena . dastardly bump and grind and feed the crowd kiss . marteetee blow kiss right back and drink a goblet of wine . without skip a beat , fabious maneuver weaponless , try to find he entrance to the fight as dastardly dance and toss he long hair around . fabious make a graceful rampage approach as he run and leap off a rock , tumble on the ground , use he leg to sweep the leg out from under dastardly . he quickly grab one of he sword and get to he foot . dastardly find he stance as well and the fight be on . as the even match continue , we see why he be the warrior and hero call upon for a lifetime of adventure . - when dastardly fall with a blade through he heart ... fabious raise he arm in bloodthirsty victory . thadeous ( cont ’d ) oh god ... I can not breathe . that be insane . where do you learn how to do that ? fabious spit . the crowd hush . marteetee stir ... marteetee most impressive in you violent tickling ! now step back for my child of wonder ! where be you ?!!! a exhale of cool wind and dust drift from the hole into the air ... quiet wait , then : the scream of a very large beast ! marteetee ( cont ’d ) yes my pet ! come forth and kill , kill , kill , with thy wick jaw !! the captive run as a monster the size of a large man come squealing out . it look like a pleasant / retarded mix of a baby seal and a medieval Mr. potatohead . it 's eye be where he nipple be suppose to be . meet : nipple - eye . ( conttnued } 40 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 57 . continued : ( 3 ) 40 thadeous observe this unsightly freak . I will gouge he with my finger and show that true bravery run in we family . in a instant , as its leg and head remain still , the torso of the monster turn 180 degree to reveal the alter - ego of this two face beast : hideous and far more sinister feature ... thadeous and Courtney scream bloody murder as they run for it . nipple - Eye come at they quick ... fabious try to keep up but lose he foot , and jump to the leave just as nipple - Eye pierce the skinny prisoner with the reveal of its switchblade bone arm . the crowd cheer and bang on they bar courtney and thadeous run to the far side of the cave ... thadeous ( cont ’d ) Drop back ! the slowest one get eat . make the sacrifice , Courtney ! courtney fuck that ! Courtney run backwards and get grab through cage bar by the prisoner . he struggle . marteetee eat something disgusting on he perch . the harem around he soothes he tumor . thadeous fabious , quick , do more of that fight ! nipple - eye corner fabious ... fabious freeze . the beast slink back ... then it open its jaw . a very long tongue eject from within . the tongue shoot out of nipple - Eye 's mouth and slap the sword out of fabious 's hand , before he can move the tongue wrap around he neck ! fabious fight and play tug -of - war with the tongue , as nipple Eye try to pull he within reach . marteetee and the crowd cheer ! ( conttntued '' 40 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 58 . continued : ( 4 ) 40 fabious struggle to keep he distance and air . the tongue hold strong , choke he out . fabious the --sword , thadeous - - use it ! cut I free ! nipple eye get frustrated and roar as fabious pull hard on he tongue . thadeous I can not -- I fabious you can ! thadeous see the sword and hesitates ... fabious ( cont ’d ) cut it ! thadeous close he eye and wildly swing the sword . nipple Eye roar in pain . thadeous open he eye and see that miraculously he 's hit the tongue , nearly sever it off . blood spray from cut tongue . the crowd love it ! the half of the tongue that 's still connect be hold strong . fabious gasp for air ! fabious ( cont 'd ) -- again ! thadeous raise the sword , he swing with all he might and miss the tongue completely . the sword go fly out of he hand and land in the dirt way out of reach . nipple Eye run to thadeous and push he across the arena . he hit the dirt hard . he drag fabious from the grip of he tongue . fabious be about to be choke out ... with all he might he pull hard rip the cut wide open , until he rip the tongue a part ! fabious catch he breath . nipple Eye scream in agony .. the hooded prisoner begin banging on the wall loudly to draw the beast 's attention , while white people guard lunge through they cage wall and violate Courtney . the hood prisoner hold the sword thadeous lose . hooded prisoner come for I ! ( conttnued '' 40 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 59 . continued : ( 5 ) 40 marteetee and who have we here then ? a sprightly little fighter you be ! nipple Eye turn and charge the hood prisoner . with sword in hand , the prisoner fight bravely against the beast and dodge swipe of its bone sword . fabious look to he brother , pick up a rock and sling it at nipple Eye . fabious you time have come ! thadeous no , no . we kill the last one , we do we share . it 's that asshole 's turn to fight now . nipple Eye turn from the prisoner and roar at they . it rear back about to charge the royal brother when - the hood prisoner jump onto the creature 's back . GREEN blood pour out as the warrior drill the sword into the back of the monster 's vulnerable neck tissue . the monster drop in a fit of spasm . Dead . the mysterious warrior cut off a six inch spike that grow on the beast 's back and hold it up in victory . marteetee throw a tantrum in the stand . marteetee my baby ! who be he that dare destroy my beautiful baby ! the crowd be silent . thad be impressed from he hide place . the warrior pull the sword out of the creature 's neck and turn to marteetee ... pull down the hood to reveal , long flowing hair of the beautiful ... isabel . isabel two week ago , three of my brother be capture by you and slaughter by that beast . today I avenge they . first by kill the beast . second by kill you , marteetee ! prepare to have you asshole punch out through you dickhole in a violent circumcision of death ! the crowd go ape shit . ( conttnied '' 40 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 60 . continued : ( 6 ) 40 marteetee well , well my tiny bean , it look like the most glorious show of all be about . to begin . get her ! the gate open and albino inbred guard storm the arena after she . she 's too fast , she defend herself like a action hero , snatching one of they sword , slashing she way through the guard ! thadeous and fabious rise from they hide . no one be pay any attention to they as they try to sneak toward the main gate . all force be try to beat down isabel ... thadeous be fixate ... thadeous she 's incredible . fabious should we help she ? thadeous she seem to be do fine on she own . nipple Eye spring back to life ! it scream as it rise for the attack again ! thadeous scream as he see the massive bone blade swinging he way , hot on he ass ! it flail around in seizure , crash right into the hold cell of the prisoner . the weight of he massive frame crush the small structure , freeing the prisoner . nipple - Eye ricochet toward the balcony and knock over a support post . the balcony collapse on top of the beast , spilling marteetee onto the arena floor . he scream like a bitch as he escape captive devour he . marteetee do not touch I . Love I ! I fuck 's love you ! crunch . he 's dead . isabel stand near ... isabel get away from he ! he death be to be mine ! fabious grab isabel by the shoulder as she try to make she way through the crowd of albinos . fabious come on ! ( conttnured ) 40 41 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 61 . continued : ( 7 ) 40 fabious drag isabel and thad . as they escape , Courtney slam the gate latch , sealing the circus of freak in the arena . ext . forest / near a pond - day 41 the gang , now armed , come run out of the wood , to a clear by a waterfall . they catch they breath . thadeous and isabel circle each other . isabel you almost have I kill back there ! thadeous wench , who do you think you be ? you can not speak to I that way . Courtney , tell she who I be ! Courtney step forward and sing : courtney oh brave , oh brave Prince thadeous - isabel never hear of you . fabious this bicker must stop . we have great task at hand ! isabel I do not know what you task be , and frankly I do not give a shit . thadeous ( to isabel ) listen here , amazon . we must get one thing straight , I be not to be talk down to . so speak to I with that foul tongue again , and I will - in one swift move , isabel grab thadeous 's dick . isabel you will do nothing before I tear the package from between you leg like I tore this horn from the beast . I will wear it round my neck ... ( more ) ( conttnurd 41 42 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 62 . continued : 41 isabel ( cont 'd ) ( hold the horn ) a souvenir of my kill ! Courtney gulp as she immediately pull away from thadeous and begin to remove she war gear . isabel ( cont 'd ) now if you will excuse I , I wish to wash this stench off I . and with that , she remove the last piece of she gear to reveal : isabel wearing a '' red sonya '' warrior bikini , she body be smoking hot . he watch she dive into the pond . fabious walk up . thadeous adventurous slut . fabious she know she way around a foe , brother . perhaps she can lead we to muldiss darton so we can get back on the path . ext . forest / near pond - later 42 we heroes have gear up and be ready for the next leg of the adventure . isabel gather she thing . fabious and thadeous both look at she . fabious nod for thadeous to speak to she . thadeous lose he nerve and shake he head '' no '' fabious my name be Prince fabious of dubris , and this be my dear brother thadeous and he 's minstrel Courtney . we would like to thank you for you help with the beast in that cave . isabel you handle the stripping swordsman . I appreciate that as well . I have no time for small banter though . my quest continue to the North . thadeous what a coincidence ! we too be on a most important quest and we need you help . can you guide we to muldiss darton ? ( conttnued '' '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 63 . 42 continued : 42 isabel I have fight in the crusade at londorian , brave the ice tomb of korlack , and traverse the hell desert of thinley . now I be on the most important quest of all . why should I slow my swagger to lead you ? just then Courtney come up with a pair of underwear . courtney here sir , I have clean you soile undergarment . thadeous snatch they out of Courtney 's hand and stick they down he pants . thadeous not soile , merely -- isabel if you be head north , you boy may journey with I to muldiss darton . from there I seek navigation and march alone . fabious we thank you . and if we may , what be you name ? isabel I be isabel . the last live member of the harshbarger order . thadeous well , okay . now then , despite the foul way in which you have speak to I , my brother and I will ensure that you will have nothing to fear while you travel with we . with we sharp blade we will protect you . fear not ! isabel look to fabious like he 's out of he mind . fabious we will look out for each other equally , I feel certain . thadeous but we will still be look out for you , more ... because we be man . ( conttnurd 1 ) 42 43 44 45 " you highness " -— draft 15th April 2009 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 42 isabel stare at he tight and raise a eye-brow . int . tower of disorder - night 43 belladonna - look out she window at the celestial happening ... constellation , shoot star , moon move , etc . she sing a absurd , but emotional and somewhat expository song about '' the shitty moon '' . ext . forest camp - night 44 fabious sit under the moon on the bank of a river . he look out to the night . he awkwardly begin sing the same song as belladonna ... intercut between belladonna and fabious singing , as the song become a duet , until - - thadeous be you sing ? fabious instantly stop sing . fabious no , I be just out here ... uh , by the river , not sing . thadeous look at he suspicious . fabious shrug . isabel approach . isabel we need food . if we pause now , I will hunt . who will join I ? fabious look to thadeous . fabious my foot be kill I . you two should ... take care of business . thadeous okay . ext . forest - night 45 isabel stalk the forest , step quietly with she bow and arrow draw on the trail of dinner . up ahead , a movement in the brush . a deer wander from the bush . thadeous come stomping out of nowhere , swinging he sword recklessly . the deer be startle and run away . ( conttnurd '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 65 . 45 continued : 45 isabel May I ask what you be do ? thadeous hunting . what do it look like I be do ? isabel ruining my chance to catch dinner . thadeous quiet you tongue , my lass . I come from a long line of swordsman , and will not be tell that I do not know how to compose myself . thadeous take aim on a few reed , attempt to show he skill . he 's do he '' eye close , wild man sword swing '' and finish with a half bow . isabel perhaps you should open you eye when you swing you blade . the chance of hit you target greatly improve . isabel snatch the sword from thad 's hand and show he a real demonstration of skill , swinging the blade with poise and grace over and under and slashing mere breath from thadeous 's nether . she point she blade as he cover he crotch . thadeous I see . he lean close and whisper : thadeous ( cont ’d ) it appear you be now ready to surrender to my temptation ? isabel you have much confidence , thadeous . but I know the feel of you cock in my hand , and would not be so quick to boast . shall we continue hunt ? thadeous by all mean , Lady warrior , by all mean . I be just try to loosen up and enjoy myself on the quest . ( more ) ( conttnued '' 45 46 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 45 thadeous ( cont 'd ) for I half the quest be enjoy the ride . letting the card fall where they may . just taping into the experience . isabel I be sorry , but my quest afford I no such luxury . thadeous come on . as if my quest be any less important . there 's big shit go on in we quest that you would not believe . huge -- something squish under thadeous foot . he lift he foot to reveal a the graphic smashed remain of dead fairy . thadeous ( cont 'd ) oh , dead fairy , gross . he quickly rub he foot on the ground like he 's get dog shit off . isabel do you just step on a fairy ? thadeous nod . ext . campsite - night 46 the camp fire die down as the remain of a boar be still burn . thadeous be fast asleep . isabel sit watch at the perimeter . fabious look to the moon up above . closer than they have ever be . Courtney stir . fabious Courtney , may I ask you a question ? courtney of course . fabious you do not think it weird of I that I never sleep with belladonna do you ? that we be wait until marriage to consecrate the most sacred of action . ( conttnued } '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 67 . 46 continued : 46 courtney no . I mean , yes . I have court lady I never get to fuck . fabious oh - courtney I work as a squire for the Emperor Chief of xaxxon . a savage tribe in the heart of the jungle . his daughter have the most beautiful afro and a skin with the sweet glaze of honey . at night , she would sneak down to the bowery , knock on my window and we would whisper for hour of a life where love be simple and we feeling be true . fabious and be you afraid to go all the way ... or just -? courtney previous to my engagement , she have relation with a certain Marquis who be know throughout the land for he genital fungus , twisted sex game and a legendary fire breathe cock . also , I have hear she have a vagina with tooth . some pocket of life I have pledge best remain as mystery . taken aback by this passionate but brief confession . fabious so ... it be more out of precaution and sanitation than any true moral character on you behalf ? courtney yeah , I just really do not want my prick to fall off . thadeous snore loudly . they both turn to look at he . fabious look at he sleep like a angel . ah , I have spend a lifetime often envious of my brother . ( conttniued '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 68 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 courtney envious of thadeous ? fabious that 's right . all the time when he can sit back and have a laugh and pour another drink . I be the one on stage , wear make - up to cover my acne . my hair quaffed just so . always the pressure to be the perfect son . courtney I be sure that thadeous would see thing differently . fabious I be sure he do . I suppose the grass be always greener . courtney that it be , Sir . 47 ext . outskirt of muldiss darton - day at isabel lead the gang down a well travel road . thadeous and fabious watch isabel and speak discreetly . fabious so tell I , brother . how do you fare with you conquest last eve on you ... hunt ? thadeous satisfaction with a capital '' S '' . fabious you perform sex with she ? thadeous pleasure burst and boom call upon I no less than five time . as for the lady ... she fare even better . fabious good on you , brother . a warrior 's thirst can not be quench by the battlefield alone . where do that leave you two this morning ? ( conttnurd '' 47 48 " you highness '' - draft 15th April 2009 69 . continued : 47 thadeous no string . almost as if nothing happen at all . isabel turn around to they . thadeous instantly go quiet and awkward . isabel gentlemen , for better or worse , we have arrive in muldiss darton . ext . town of muldiss darton - day 48 muldiss darton be somewhere between mos eisley and branson , Missouri . a busy medieval market village . the center of the town be a long street surround by shop front , pub , and inn . in the street , horse be tie to post and random shit be burn in the background . courtney Long have I want to lay my eye upon this street of lore ... as they walk through the street , they see : Three barbarian proudly show off a dead dragon . courtney ( cont 'd ) m’lady , if this be to be where we part way then I wish you the blessing of the eternal eld . respectfully he bow . isabel embrace he . isabel May good fortune return you and you friend home safely . fabious isabel , I bid you farewell . I wish you great success on you journey . fabious take a knee , kiss she hand and then leave . isabel turn back to find thadeous stand there . thadeous so ... I guess this be it . guess we be really at the end . thadeous chuckle to himself nostalgically . thadeous ( cont 'd ) seem but a moment 's time since we be thrust together in combat . ( more ) ( conttnited '' '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 70 . 48 continued : 48 thadeous ( cont 'd ) but ala , tis the nature of the quest . he look back to she say so much with he eye . isabel be careful on you journey . please stay close to you brother . thadeous I will protect he . be there anything we need to talk about ... I mean ... where do this leave '' we '' ? should we get a drink and explore we desire ? isabel I have no time for relationship , thadeous , be I even interested . the balance of life in this land depend on my dedication to my quest . you see I - thadeous get it . you be busy . I too . I have more than enough stuff to be think about on we quest too . I will be fine . isabel Goodbye , thadeous . isabel hold out she hand for a shake but thadeous have already commit to the hug and open mouth kiss which be really awkward . thadeous do not weep . we will embrace again if the star align . I believe it to be so . isabel I be pretty sure that 's not go to happen . 49 int . stable - day 49 Courtney , fabious , and thadeous look at a small stable fill with horse and hay . thadeous tell I you be joke ? ( conttnued '' 49 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 71 . continued : 49 fabious no , brother , this be where we shall sleep tonight . just then a large horse stand right in front of thadeous , its tail whisk in he face . thadeous shove its rear as hard as he can ... the horse do not budge . thadeous move you beast !! ( to the other ) where be we to sleep ? tucked away beneath the shadow of this creature 's sagging bean sack ? thadeous punch the horse in the ass as hard as he can . the horse remain unmove . thadeous ( cont ’d ) we be prince , I be sick of sleep like dog . I demand we stay in proper accommodation ! fabious scan the area outside of the stable . look at each man that pass . fabious we must keep a low profile . assassin could be chase a high bounty on we head as we speak . the eclipse draw near and we can leave nothing to chance . thadeous listen , dear fabious . we have be do this quest you way from the start and where have it get we ? fabious it have get we here , a half day 's journey from where my love be imprison . thadeous , I be try to maintain a positive attitude , but honestly , you grievance be beginning to wear on I . let we rest . at dawn we will face the enchant Cavern retrieve the blade of the unicorn and then storm leezar 's lair . we have quite a day ahead . thadeous which be why I desire a mead ! one beer . ( more ) ( conttnued y 49 50 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 49 thadeous ( cont 'd ) if the service be quick , possibly two , but absolutely no more than three . int . the horse 's piss - night 50 thad , fab , and Courtney sit at the bar of a dark and seedy pub . they be wear hood and cloak , keep they face hide from sight . they look around the bar at the shady dark heroe that mill about . the moody thief who roll dice at a table all by himself . zulu warrior , elve , barbarian , viking , identical twin cleric . every sort of hero from every tale ... fabious many heroes pass through this town . many ego . for half of they it 's the night before the big match , for the other half it 's the night after ... some be victorious ... in the far corner , six tiny men be toast excitedly , the tiniest one wave a jeweled dagger above he head in victory . tiniest one we did it ! fabious +.- other be crush with failure and defeat , . prone to inexplicable violence . across the bar , a drunk barbarian smashes he Battle axe through a table , then in a blind cry rage , he put he fist through the wall of the tavern . he drop to he knee and scream to the heavens . barbarian damn you god ! damn you !!! thadeous nebbishes , all of they . especially he . fabious pray that you never know the taste of defeat like that . I have be fortunate , dear brother . ( get emotional ) I nve never fail a quest . ( more ) ( cont tniue '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 73 . 50 continued : 50 fabious ( cont 'd ) but I will open up to you now , and tell you something I have tell no man . in my heart lie a fear , that one day I will encounter another who be stronger , faster , more cun , and I do not know if I be strong enough to - thadeous oh shit ! shut up ! fabious ( alarmed ) what ?! thadeous she 's here . they turn around and in walk isabel ... with six blonde shirtless men , oil glisten off they rip muscle and handsome face . fabious look at that man . that beautiful man with they sexual way . in a dark corner across the bar , isabel and the men take they seat . . thadeous I be go to say something . fabious you would risk expose we ? put at risk we chance to -? thadeous 's gaze shift from isabel to the ripped fighter . thadeous I be fill with jealous rage right now and can not be hold responsible for my action . thadeous get up and make a beeline for isabel . fabious no , thadeous , wait -! thadeous Lady warrior , fancy see you here . isabel thadeous ? ( conttnurd '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 74 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 isabel roll up a map . he plant a kiss on she hand . thadeous we be just out for a swill before we journey tomorrow , when Courtney bring to my attention that you may be in some sort of a rape predicament with this androgynous rat catcher . isabel thadeous , this be Adam chatsworth , and this be he man . thadeous hello Adam , be that woman 's hair you wear ? adam aye , and who might this be isabel ? answer quick lest I cut he throat . isabel this be Prince thadeous of dubris . adam dubris ? be not that where they make all the cheese ? Adam and he man laugh . thadeous no , mother fucker , we have nothing to do with cheese ! isabel thadeous , that 's enough . adam I take no offense , isabel . what he say be true . I have indeed fuck he mother . fabious still cloak step in . fabious perhaps you should watch you tongue when speak of my family , good sir . we mother be dead ! ( conttnued } " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 75 . 50 continued : ( 3 ) 50 thadeous ( ignore he ) isabel may I speak to you outside for a moment ? adam piss off ! thadeous put a fuck shirt on ! isabel this man have the map I need to complete my quest . thadeous well I may not be able to provide you with that small offer but I can give you this ... he pull out another fold up piece of parchment . thadeous ( cont 'd ) a song , that I write ... from my heart . isabel a song ? adam oh delight ! please entertain we with one of you song . Adam and he man laugh . thadeous I write it after you leave and my heart have a hole in it . t’is call : night warrior . my minstrel Courtney will perform it . he be a train artiste . thadeous hand Courtney the lyric . the bartender hand he a lyre . thadeous lock eye , with isabel . thadeous ( cont 'd ) every word , Courtney . Courtney hesitantly strum . the bar go silent and all eye turn to we heroes . thad look to isabel and nod . courtney ( sing ) lady warrior . I will come for you . ( more ) ( conttnurd 50 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 76 . continued : ( 4 ) 50 courtney ( cont 'd ) come for you . come -come -come -come - come -come for you . lady warrior , I will come for you , come - come -come - thadeous mouth the lyric to himself and then join he in duet . isabel smile ... charme and look to thad . courtney / thadeous ( sing ) come -come -come -come -come , for you , lady warrior . night warrior we be one . I will come . come on you ! a elf throw a bottle that smashes near Courtney . barbarian queen my night warrior be kill in battle ! this song woe my heart ! adam thou dost infect mine ear ! elf I hate that fuck song ! thadeous return by throw a bottle and nail the elf square in the head . the enraged elf run to thadeous with fist swinging ! thadeous punch he in the face and he go down . fabious what do I tell you thadeous ?! you action be about to ruin everything ! thadeous no. see ?! I knock out a elf ! suddenly five enraged little people emerge from a trap door in the floor launching a chain reaction of chaos . the entire bar begins fighting . a old school bar room brawl ! ~- thadeous duck as a chair go fly past , smash into Adam and he man ! he take a shot . ~- isabel throw a Viking down the bar after he give she a inappropriate snarl of desire . she then chug a alcoholic concoction that have a human toe in it and then smashes the glass bottle on the dizzy Viking 's head . - fabious jump , double kicking the identical twin cleric into a barrel . he then punch he fist into one of they dick , they both go down scream ! ( conttnued 50 51 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 77 . continued : ( 5 ) 50 - adam and he move as one oily / sexy unit , take turn punch a gang of elve and do some tag team pro wrestling move . = ! riney crawl under the table dodging break goblet , stool , blade , and thadeous who crash in front of he ! the bartender , scream like a siren ... everyone stop and hold they ear . bartender party 's over ! every one out !!! thadeous do you not like my poem ? Adam swing one last punch , knock thadeous down . he collapse on the floor . adam be go you lonesome devil ! a goodly apple rotten at the heart ! fuck you and you poetry ! ext . horse 's piss SALOON - night 51 thadeous , fabious , courtney and isabel be throw out . isabel this be a mistake ! I be not travel with this fool ! the door be slam in she face . she turn to thadeous . isabel ( cont 'd ) how dare you disrupt my bargain ! if I fail the quest before I , I will hold you responsible ! - I bid you farewall once and for all ! this comment turn thadeous 's stomach . he be waste and beat . she storm off . thadeous turn to he brother . thadeous that be simply emotional wall she have build to ease the pain of we departure . come , let we find the blade of unicorn . let we rescue belladonna ! he stumble , dizzy , drunk . ( conttnurfd '' 51 52 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 78 . continued : 51 thadeous ( cont 'd ) on second think ... maybe we should get a good night 's sleep first . he black out . int . tower of disorder - night 52 belladonna be fast asleep in she chamber . then from the shadow ... . voice awake , my sweet . belladonna slowly wake , she eye adjust to see ... belladonna fabious ? - you come ! fabious step out of the shadow wear a flashy outfit . he take he shirt off and crawl to the foot of the bed . belladonna look around the room confuse . belladonna ( cont 'd ) here , my love ? now ? I think we be to save I for marriage . fabious suck upon my bruce and lick my bean . take they in you mouth and hum . belladonna there be something afoul here . you look like my love , but -- she pull free of he embrace . belladonna ( cont ’d ) what witch craft be this ?! who be this imposter ? fabious roll he eye and then turn into ... leezar . leezar ta-dal a little game I like to play . belladonna keep you trick to yourself . cconttnued V 52 53 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 79 . continued : 52 leezar that 's so you , belladonna . and I , transmogrify my self into you ex - love be so I . I will win you heart . and the beast you birth will be so destructive that it 's very presence in this world will shift all the power to he who control the creature . me. after tomorrow I will be able to give you anything you desire . leezar look at she , long and hard as he seethes . he move to the window and look out to the moons . leezar ( cont 'd ) what be it that he have that I do not ? tell I . be honest . be it my mother ? because if it be my mother , you know that I would choose you over they . to be honest , I will feed they to the dragon upon its birth . how about that ? belladonna what will it take for you to realize that you will never have my love ? never . do you hear I !? my heart belong to fabious ! leezar take it in . then look to the moon . leezar be that as it may .... you body will belong to I . int . stable - morning 53 fabious scream in he sleep . fabious belladonna ! !! thadeous and Courtney be rip from they dream . courtney fabious , wake up ! what 's wrong ? fabious stir ... he see some sheep and a cow . fabious we must move . belladonna do not have much longer . ( conttniured '' 53 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 80 . continued : 53 julie ( 0.s. ) you be tell I . the guy turn disturb and curious . they see julie step out from around a corner smile . boremont step behind he and carry a sword . boremont how delighted we be to hear word of a rumble at the saloon . we assume thwas you princess who start the melee . Julie step to fabious . Courtney step to block he . julie step aside Courtney and join we . my blade yearn to sink into this fucker 's flesh ! Julie lunge at thadeous when fabious make a move . he disarm Julie with a kick and then throw he down onto a slaughterhouse chopping block . a heavy blade above he head hold by a rope . fabious Drop you weapon boremont , or Julie , my former friend will die . Julie 's face be wash with fear as fabious pin he . fabious ( cont 'd ) perhaps my father 's army will be more entertaining than we . after Simon 's message , they should be arrive nigh on now . boremont oh , yes , about that . while I have no doubt that the good king tallious would send out every last man at the slight hint of jeopardy befal he two son ... there be one problem in the communication you extend . boremont throw down Simon , who be smashed to shit and make weak beep . fabious simoni !!! ( conttnued V '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 81 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 boremont now let Julie go and submit yourself to I . fabious let my brother and Courtney go , you may do with I as you will - julie he 's bluff ! fabious this blade be train for you head , Julie . if you have like to keep it , I can assure you , that you be only take one Prince today . Julie remain still . he look to boremont . fabious ( cont ’d ) think , boremont . what use be the second bear Prince of dubris ? never have there be such a heir so unfit to wear the crown . of what use would leezar have of he ? thadeous wince . boremont he could mount he head upon he wall . fabious a trophy of what ?! if ever there be a head to be mount , surely it should be mine . I be fabious , slayer of the gandar Beast , liberator of dawnscreed , first bear son of the great King tallious ! or you could take you master the fat face of thadeous , terrible song writer , self center , egotistical , asshole . thadeous look to he brother , hurt . fabious ( cont 'd ) and would not a far more devastating blow be to leave the possibility that one day this buffoon might actually become King of dubris ? ( conttnued } 53 54 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 82 . continued : ( 3 ) 53 boremont consider ... then release thad and Courtney from he aim and give they a shove as they pass . Courtney gather Simon 's break piece . fabious let Julie loose and put he hand on he head . thadeous call to he from the door . thadeous be that what you truly think of I , brother ? fabious go , thadeous ! go in any direction you wish . leave now ! thadeous pout away with Courtney . he look back ... boremont kick fabious , drop he to he knee in front of Julie . ext . town STREET - day 54 thadeous and Courtney run like the wind . thadeous stop , turn to Courtney , drop to he knee . thadeous oh god , Courtney , what have befallen we ? what do we do ? thadeous drop to he knee and scream to the heaven . thadeous ( cont ’d ) damn you god !!! thadeous jump up . thadeous ( cont ’d ) I 'il tell you what we do , we steal a steed , and ride -- Courtney wait for he direction , ready to save fabious . thadeous ( cont ’d ) -- to the next town ! become ghost , start a new life , one where you still serve I and we become stable boy , and live off the land and bed the fickle wife of farmer ... what in the hell be that ?! thadeous point to the open of a crooked cave . ( conttnued 1 ) " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 83 . 54 continued : 54 courtney could that be the enchant cave , sir ? the one fabious be look for ? the one that contain the blade of unicorn ? thadeous or maybe it 's some other cave . both they eye find the age wooden sign that read , enchanted cave . courtney well ... thadeous let we forget we ever see this place . courtney what about the sword ? what about Prince fabious ? thadeous do not ever say he name in my presence again . you hear what he say about I ! courtney have you ever know you brother to be as negative and insulting as he be moment ago ? thadeous of course not . but he 's change . I swear to you . never have I hear such vulgarity ! courtney I have also hear other thing you highness that you might not be privy to . I have hear how he wish he could be more like you . how he admire and respected you . how he would defend you name in conflict with other . thadeous ( get angrier ) there be no such insight say by stupid fabious who be always better , braver , slightly handsomer ! ( more ) ( conttnured '' " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 84 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 thadeous ( cont 'd ) fabious who everyone love , and always look out for I , and have always be there ... when I have need he , and ... oh god , Courtney , you be right . oh god ! courtney what be it ? thadeous you must turn away . I be have a embarrassing ... epiphany . Courtney turn away . with utter dread , thadeous realize -- thadeous ( cont ’d ) I must save he ! courtney save you brother , Sir ? thadeous shut up ! thadeous stomp around in a circle , tear / frustrated . he then stop and look to the open of the enchant cave . a low howl blow from it 's depth . thadeous ( cont ’d ) Fine ! 55 int . enchanted cave - day 55 thadeous walk into the dark cavern . fog and large spider web fill the interior . Courtney stay behind at the entrance hold the break remain of Simon . thadeous and be the sword just suppose to be sit in here somewhere ? courtney I be not sure . thadeous well , we will find out will not we . just then the fog begin to grow thicker . thadeous ( cont ’d ) Courtney ? into the cavern full of jag rock . within the hollow chamber , he hear a faint echoe of familiar voice : ( conttnied ) 55 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 85 . continued : 55 king tallious ( 0.c . ) you smell of wizard 's weed and bloodberry rum ... alarm at the presence , he stand ram-rod straight . king tallious ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) you will respect I if not as you Father , then as you king ! he search frantically through the cavernous space when -- voice ( 0.c . ) what be you do ? thadeous turn to find a 10 year old boy - that look like it could be a young version of himself and dress exactly like he . unimpress , thadeous motion towards the boy . thadeous away with you , child . this be no place for androgenous sprite such as yourself . ( pull up he pants ) this be a journeyman 's cavern . for man like I . Prince thadeous ! - be gone ! the child stand bold - unflinch . young child but I be thadeous ! insulted by the statement , thadeous storm up to the child . thadeous how dare you ... his hand rear back to strike the boy , when -- another voice ( 0.c . ) I be thadeous ! stun , thadeous spin to discover several other dress exactly like he - all spitting image of thadeous , yet pathetic and strange in appearance . obese thadeous I be thadeous ! ( conttnued ) " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 female thadeous I be thadeous ! asian thadeous I be tha-dreous ! thadeous shut up ! all the version of thadeous laugh at he . version of thadeous ( mock ) shut up ! thadeous push past they , search for the sword . the strange visitor mock he and laugh as he search . and yet , another voice assault he : female voice thadeous . it be you mother ... cull a gentleness we have yet to see , thadeous be lead through the rock by the voice to stare at a ancient altar . etched in gold and decorate with gem , a giant mirror stand before he - the face of a beautiful woman speak from within its reflection . thadeous be petrify with emotion . thadeous mother ? what great sorcery bring we together ? can this be ..? beautiful woman indeed , fair prince . Long have I wish to speak with you , to warn you of you current quest . - danger await at every step . death close with every breath . - turn back before it be too late . thadeous but the quest for the blade , my brother , he love ... the kingdom . beautiful woman the kingdom indeed . consider that if you brother never return from this journey , you yourself will be crown king . a empire to lord for yourself . King thadeous . thadeous 's consider this royal offer , then he face sour in discontent . ( conttnurd '' 55 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 87 . continued : ( 3 ) : 55 he approach the mirror , tremble with spite at the mention of he brother 's death . seem to stew in he own mind . thadeous you be not my mother . he suddenly throws a punch ! flinch at the show of force , the beautiful maiden 's face contort for impact , instinctively morphing back into it 's true form - the face of a leezar mother # 1 . the gig be up . thadeous ( cont ’d ) you devil wench ! ( point to himself ) you attempt to fool I ? the master of illusion and entertainment !? leezar 's mother lash out at thadeous . mother # 1 as a fool , you shall fail harder than even the lowest of you expectation ! thadeous I will not fail . reflection of thadeous yes you will . thadeous huh-uh ! enrage , thadeous lean back . now , with all he might , he punch through the mirror ... shatter he own reflection . just then the whole cave begin to rumble . thadeous cover he ear as knife - like shard of the mirror fall around he . thadeous look up stunne . as the smoke and debris settles , there , where the mirror once stand , lie a doorway - Beyond it , a shaft of light stream from within . collect himself , he walk through ... the gnarled rock of the cave seem to fall away from this enclave , as the light adorn treasure and gold from ancient civilization past . thadeous be overwhelm . walk through the pile wealth , thadeous 's eye be suddenly draw to the wall - the skull of a unicorn gaze into the beyond , mount on the top of a sarcophagus . ( conttnued ) 55 56 57 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 88 . continued : ( 4 ) 55 stand before the mystical steed 's skull , thadeous inhale a giant breath and he grip the unicorn 's horn . thadeous ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) destine to fail , so they say ...? thadeous unsheathes the spike from the bone , revealing a cold steel blade - the blade of the unicorn . thunder drum and music begin to build as thadeous raise the cutlass into the shaft of light . drawing into the blade , the sword split the beam like a prism , shower the room in the warm hue of a rainbow . thadeous ( cont 'd ) I ask that who be doubtful to look upon I now ! to gaze upon Lord thadeous and dare speak they ghastly ill ! only a champion would hold the blade of unicorn in he hand ! - and I , the real thadeous , be that man !!! Music flood the cavern along with the rainbow light . ext . entrance to enchanted cave - day 56 Courtney fix Simon like a jigsaw puzzle . Simon bleep happily and begin flap it 's clunky wounded wing . waver in the air erratically like he 's shit-house . +.- out of the cave storm thadeous . he raise the sword of the unicorn above he head . the afternoon sun catch the powerful blade just right . thadeous let 's quest motherfucker . Courtney applaud he proudly . int . leezarn dungeon - night 57 in this torture chamber of sort , fabious be chain to the wall with he shirt off and he arm outstretch , Julie whip he and snicker . a guard inspect hot coal . julie it 's not death you face , just a great deal of discomfort as you watch you enemy make sex with you love . ( conttnued ) '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 89 . 57 continued : 57 fabious leezar have seize hold of you mind . julie for generation you family have treat my family like employee . fabious but ... you be employee ! julie I know ! but that day be over ! leezar promise to make I a 60/40 partner in he evil empire if I could '' unhinge '' the great tallious and the beloved perception of dubris . Julie whip fabious again . leezar enter the chamber with he mother and look to fabious , beat and chain . fabious leezar ! where be she ? leezar where be who ? fabious you know who ! leezar get angry . leezar belladonna belong to I now . and tonight I be go to take she virginity under the moon and make she toe curl . fabious try with all he might to get free . leezar ( cont 'd ) ( to Julie ) beat he no more . I want he alive to see this ceremony of sorrow . fabious and then what ? leezar and then you die . ( conttnurd '' 57 58 59 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 57 mother # 1 indeed you be my son . leezar , you eye will glow and I will find my smile in the moment of you destiny . leezar exit with a MARCH of pride . Julie turn to fabious and giggle . the crescent moon shine through the window upon he break face . ext . blood sea canyon - dusk 58 in a small wooden boat . under the mind of new find confidence , thadeous and Courtney row across a creepy bog . Simon chirp at the head of the boat lead they through the fog . the boat then bump onto land . the fog clear revealing ... leezar' lair a tall . and large castle make of black rock , many tower and spire reach into the heaven . there be a gate make of shrubbery surround a large wooden door . thadeous size up two guard that stand at the gate and without hesitation , he take the blade of unicorn and impale they . he kick the door in . thadeous , Courtney and Simon enter the door . camera rise to reveal : a massive labyrinth that lead to leezar 's dark spire . ext . the labyrinth - dusk 59 thadeous , Courtney and Simon round a corner , thadeous in a adrenaline fuel hunt . they turn down another corridor with various path option ... become a bit disorient . Simon caw . a_loud beastly huff of AIR echoe over they and linger through the maze !!! from the far end of the path , they hear a loud growl . they turn to see a large and daunting figure . a unearthly shriek blast at they . out of the shadow charge a minotaur : a man body , with the hideous head of a bull and he dick hanging out ! it run at they coughing ... ( conttnued '' 59 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 91 . continued : 59 thadeous have a moment of hesitation where he question he strength and then bolt with Courtney ! the minotaur after they ! they cut a leave turn / round a right / another turn / move quick ! they jump over bone of previous victim . the minotaur stop to listen ... hearing nothing but they own breath ... then thadeous appear from around the corner in front of he . the minotaur take off in the opposite direction . as best as he batter body can , Simon fly above the wall , get a clear vantage of the labyrinth below . thadeous round a corner in he pursuit and see the minotaur dry humpin courtney ... eye glaring and huffing . Courtney scream . courtney oh god ! the beast be upon we ! run thadeous ! save yourself ! the minotaur cough as he groove . thadeous can not stop watch the beast 's animal thrust . in a moment , thadeous close he eye and concentrate . he summon the power of the blade of the unicorn and scream as he run toward the beast . he raise the sword and slam it down into the minotaur 's back ! the beast scream and drop dead before they . all fall quiet . it 's like the tape just melt in the middle of you favorite heavy metal jam . thadeous do you see that ?! do you see it ?! courtney I see it . you save my life -! what be you do ? a excited thadeous use he sword to try to cut off one of the minotaur 's horn . thadeous try to take a souvenir of the kill . I wish to make a necklace , but this horn be prove to be a bit of a bitch ! ( conttnued '' 59 60 61 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 Courtney look up to the tower of disorder that stand in front of they : part ruin , part tower , part observatory . int . tower of disorder - night 60 belladonna look out the window cry ... the moon rise . her door open and in walk leezar 's mother . mother # 1 leezar would like you to put on one of this . he say you may choose . she look at what they have bring in . the trashiest lingerie ever make . belladonna tell he , he will have to unwrap my flesh and bone to enter I . belladonna tear up and look out she window ... int . leezar' castle / foyer - moment later 61 thadeous and Courtney enter the front gate into a foyer of stone ruin . thadeous with sword in hand and the minotaur 's dick as a necklace . he shut he eye , and hold out he sword , as if it 's go to direct he . nothing . then , from they leave , they hear the loud stomp of marching foot step . they hide behind statue as ten masked minion MARCH by . after they pass , one minion turn around ... thadeous and Courtney freeze as they be spotted . whisper turn to noise ... then in a flurry of blade , a minion in the center turn and cut the other minion down . thadeous and Courtney be stunne . the minion look up and then rip off its mask . stepping forward into the light , we see that it be isabel in the flesh ! isabel foolish prick , what be you do here ? thadeous I know you . ( conttnured '' '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 93 . 61 continued : 61 isabel I hope this be not another one of you attempt to bed I . I be at the end of my quest and need no anchor . thadeous you be at the end of you quest ? I be at the end of my quest , to save my brother and he bride . isabel you be after leezar as well ? do you know he mean to bring a dragon to this world tonight ? thadeous duh . the hundred year eclipse thing . isabel it be the duty of my family the order of the Golden Knights to stop this prophecy from ever come true . this witch find out my family be heritage of the order . they have my father and each of my brother 's kill . they want to make sure that nothing stand in they way tonight . they severely underestimate the survive daughter . thadeous indeed . I say we rescue my brother , stop leezar from the rape of belladonna and avenge the death of you family . - and then you and I shall make love . isabel let 's take thing one quest at a time . thadeous shrug 62 int . dungeon - moment later 62 isabel lead as everyone creep along through catacomb . isabel get down ! ( conttnued '' 62 63 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 94 . continued : 62 they crouch into the shadow , and see two guard walk by on they patrol of the entrance to the dungeon . they pass unnotice . we heroes move past a spike gate into the dungeon . there they find fabious , beat and bruise . he rise upon see they and call out : fabious what ? what be you do here ? thadeous we come to rescue you ! fabious you do ? thadeous yes ! be you surprised ? fabious yes ! int . leezar 's observatory - continuous 63 as the two moon rise out of the window , leezar pace beside he altar . he look nervous as if rehearse for a speech , but he 's also practice he sexual swerve , bite he lip and humping the air . footstep approach and he mother escort the lovely belladonna to the altar wear lingerie and chain . leezar smile . leezar I have be wait for this moment , since I be a boy . belladonna kick he hard in the nut . he fold . leezar ( cont ’d ) tie she to the alter mother and let the canoodle and foreplay begin ! leezar have a seizure of energy . ball of blue electricity billow in he hand . his power be grow . Thunder roll . 64 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 95 . int . leezar 's armory - moment later 64 a stock pile of armor and weapon lay in the dungeon . the team gear up : -fabious find he sword . -isabel strap a bow on she back ! -courtney swing a sledge hammer ! -thadeous swing the blade of unicorn , and still suck ! intercut with ... the gang walk down a long hallway . everyone look up to a winding staircase lead to the observatory , and more importantly , to belladonna . ten minion pour down to stop they . fabious begin lead the raid up the stair , he sword sparking in combat , deftly dispatch minion after minion as they rush down at he ! thadeous charge at a pair of fairly large minion , sword spastically swinging , eye completely close . isabel see the minion approach blind thadeous , and aim she bow and arrow ! thwick ! thwick ! she shoot the minion . thadeous open a eye , he opponent be crumpling to the floor . thadeous taste death you foul beast ! he shut he eye and swing he sword . thadeous ( cont ’d ) and that ! thwick ! thwick ! thwick ! again thadeous 's foe fall easily at isabel 's arrow , the Prince 's momentum send he right past they , sword still swinging , eye still sealed tight , unaware . he almost strike isabel . isabel OPEN you eye ! thwick ! thwick ! two more minion drop . cconttnurd } 64 65 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 96 . continued : . 64 isabel roll she eye , and then in a quick spin stashes she long bow and chop the last minion 's head off . thadeous that be impressive , but you should have be there when I fight bravely through the labyrinth . isabel you enter through the labyrinth ? thadeous yes . isabel you should have just go around through the back . it 's a much less hostile entrance . fabious indeed . why do you go through the labyrinth ? there 's a fuck minotaur in there . thadeous I know . I kill he . thadeous hold up the minotaur dick that hang from he neck . fabious nod , impressed . int . leezar' observatory - night 65 the ceremony of the twin moons : belladonna be tie to the altar , struggle . the four mother of leezar have form a line at the step below to bear witness . Julie step out before they . boremont stand guard . julie mother of the Dark realm . it have be my great fortune to have the honor of give over my dedication and loyalty to the very dear Dark Lord leezar . leezar step out before they and set a hour glass . the sand slowly fall . he smile proudly . ( conttnited ) 65 66 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 97 . continued : 65 leezar thank you Julie , mother ... tonight , I will usher in the dawn of a new age ! leezar lean over belladonna . he smell she hair as we reveal that rascal simon watch . int . leezar 's tower / spiral staircase - night 66 simon swoops down . fabious offer he arm but the bird have a new friend and it land on thadeous 's shoulder . fabious now my eye hath witness it all . thadeous tis merely a truce after Courtney have he restore ! Simon , what news do sot thou bring ? Simon beeps , thadeous shake he head . fabious I see . formidable my tiny companion , formidable indeed . isabel what 's he say ?! fabious tis far more treacherous than I think . I can not ask you - thadeous fabious you have never ask of I for a single thing . I will stand with you on this night . fabious this come from the same brother who would not even be my best man ? thadeous brother ... I do not deserve to be you best man . the two fall into one hell of a handshake . Courtney 's eye brim with tear . isabel motion to the stair . isabel we can finish this whenever you maiden be ready . ( conttnurd '' 66 67 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 98 . continued : 66 still hold each other , thadeous and fabious look each other dead in the eye ... thadeous / fabious ready ! int . leezar 's observatory - continuous 67 the mother of the Dark realm begin chanting . belladonna be strapped down , leezar grin and rub himself . Julie stand excited beside boremont , hold a large teacup . boremont please Julie calm down . julie sex . we be about to watch some sex . leezar pull a lever , and the dome ceiling above the alter open like the iris of a camera , revealing the two moons , almost one . the sand in the hour glass continue ... leezar bring forth the potion at once ! Julie dip a teacup into a cauldron of thick yellow liquid and fill it to the rim . the mother continue to chant even louder . Julie carry the teapcup to leezar , and tip it so the potion pour down he throat . he slurp it like a baby . leezar ( cont 'd ) god , it taste terrible ! what 's in this ? mother # 1 pixie 's tear , eye of black witch , scab of ogre three ... leezar ah yes ! I think I taste scab . so I really just drink this all at once , huh ? fabious , thadeous , isabel and Courtney appear along the back wall , in the shadow . fabious spot belladonna . - leezar drink the last of the potion ! - the two moons align over head ! ( cont tniue 1 ) 67 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 99 . continued : 67 - leezar burp as belladonna scream for fabious ! - boremont turn to see the visitors . boremont intruder !!! fabious belladonna !!! leezar turn in confusion . fabious charge the room . mother and boremont and Julie take guard . leezar you be too late , the ceremony have begin . belladonna be mine now ! fool , get they ! leezar shoot bolt of electricity at the heroes . they deflect they with they shield . boremont step forward twirling he sword . thadeous step aside , you traitor . thadeous step up next to he brother and for the first time in there live , fabious and thadeous stand side by side , weapon ready and face they enemy . the son of king tallious roar and charge into battle ! Courtney and isabel join in . fabious vs. boremont thadeous vs. Julie isabel and Courtney versus . the 4 mother . belladonna struggle to break free from she strap . leezar approach she with sexual hunger . the ceiling of the chamber be open . the twin moons as one illuminate the altar . leezar remove he cloak and seductively walk towards she wear a robe . the light of the moon illuminate he pale frame . he hold he staff up and bolt of lightning shoot from the tip . leezar it be all happen as plan . you , I , the moon , you close friend be slaughter below . ( conttnued ) 67 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 100 . continued : ( 2 ) 67 leezar mount he staff into the floor , lick he lip and move on top of she . belladonna squirm beneath he . he kiss she , the tower rise even higher . simon fly up , flapping and squawking . leezar swat he . leezar ( cont 'd ) infernal beast ! mother help ! - in a swashbuckle swordfight , boremont knock the sword from fabious 's hand . fabious kick boremont 's sword away and they fist fight ! boremont do not you understand ? I never want to hurt you . after all the adventure we would be through together . I be merely in love ! boremont punch fabious in the face . fabious what ? fabious punch boremont in the face . fabious ( cont ’d ) I love you too ! as a brother ! boremont well I love you like ... like a man love a man ! fabious oh . boremont kick fabious 's leg out from underneath he . Courtney join thadeous to tag team Julie ! -isabel fight the mother one at a time . they twirl staff that shoot bolt of electricity , but isabel be quick to defend herself with a sword and slay three of they . leezar mother hold they back !!! Julie stab Courtney in the leg , then knock thadeous to the ground and wrestle he . fabious and boremont fight . boremont knock he to the ground and pin he . ( conttnued } 67 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 101 . continued : ( 3 ) 67 boremont you love you brother more than I . and once you meet belladonna I know I be move even further down in you list of priority . this be the only way ! boremont strangle fabious . fabious head butt he , break he grip , and with lightning fast speed he turn as Courtney throw he he sword . he grab it with a smile and grip it with confidence as he lunge he blade into boremont 's gut ! drop he . fabious this relationship have become very unhealthy . fabious eye belladonna on the alter . Julie pin thadeous and twist he nut . julie now that I be in a position of power , and you be not , tell I how it feel to be - from the side , Courtney smashes he sledge hammer on the back of julie 's head . thadeous grab Julie and throw he in the boil cauldron of yellow liquid . he scream as he body burn . isabel confront the last of the wick mother . mother # 1 you test be yet to come . upon my death , I infest you with curse . the mother raise she hand and send a burn glow to isabel 's weapon . she drop they . isabel quickly pull a dagger from she boot and whip it at the witch 's face . it stick in she eye . isabel next time you want to smash a blood line of Knights . make sure you kill every one and there daughter ! the mother fall to she knee scream . isabel walk behind she and break the old woman 's neck . as the chaos die down and leezar mount belladonna , fabious run to thadeous - - — ( conttnured '' 67 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 102 . continued : ( 4 ) 67 fabious you blade , thadeous , it will only work for you since you retrieve it ! you must come with I to battle leezar . thadeous look to he brother . he take a deep breath and then they march together toward the alter and belladonna . the hour glass run out . the moons be at they peak now . one glowing Mass . leezar look at belladonna . his eye begin to glow . leezar I will teach you to love I ! he raise he hand rip she blouse open when -- a hand grab he neck . leezar turn around to find : fabious , who swing he sword and drive it into leezar 's heart . he gasp ! fabious pull the blade out and in one swift slash cut the bind that hold belladonna to the altar . leezar start laugh as he wound instantly heal . leezar ( cont ’d ) you fool ... do not you remember . I can not be kill by a ordinary blade . there be only one way -! leezar turn to see thadeous terrible , but dramatically swinging the blade of the unicorn ... wind blow through he hair . leezar ( cont 'd ) oh , fuck . this be thadeous 's moment . he charge leezar . leezar send out bolt of magic but thadeous who have still learn nothing be blindly swing he sword and deflect each bolt . and then --thwip ! thadeous drive the sword deep into leezar 's heart . this time he bleed . this time it do not heal . leezar 's face look up to the two moons passing ... the union break . he look back to fabious ... belladonna by he side . ( conttnued ) 67 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 103 . continued : ( 5 ) 67 leezar ( cont 'd ) just a quick fuck ! will you not even grant I that !? blood everywhere . thadeous pull he blade out . leezar drop to he knee . belladonna step up to he . he smile a bloody grin . she lean in close , and then push leezar over knock he off the alter . leezar stumble to the chamber floor below . isabel , and Courtney approach ... just as collapse next to they . isabel look up . thadeous look up . fabious , and belladonna stand together under the light of the two moon above that be move beyond each other . belladonna and fabious make out . thadeous look to isabel who sharpen she blade . thadeous look away . isabel watch he out of the corner of she eye . fabious take a moment ... fabious at this moment , on this day , the first day of the Crescent twin calendar , I Prince fabious of dubris announce the quest to save belladonna and rid the world of leezar once and for all to be -- leezar ( 0.s. ) what 's happen to I ? something 's wrong ... everyone turn to see : leezar , he break body alive . leezar ( cont 'd ) what have you do ?! the moon have pass ... this seed should not still be in I ... leezar manage to stand , he whole body look bloat as it now undulate like a walk water bed . leezar ( cont ’d ) please ... I need heloggulffg ! leezar vomit and at the same time he doughy body inflate around the middle and he involuntarily convulse into a squat . his face go red as he grit he tooth and pull down he pants . ( conttniued '' 67 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 104 . continued : ( 6 ) 67 courtney what 's wrong with he ! leezar scream , and right then : a huge wet egg fall out from between he legs , sloshing the floor with a thump ! thadeous do he just lay a fuck egg ? leezar ( drool ) mistake be make ... leezar stumble along slowly . just then , the egg begin to shake , a hairline crack zigzagge across it . the egg split open , and out pop : a_slippery deformed dragon fetus , the half form dark seed . it 's the size of a large dog , and be all fuck up , not be properly harvest , and be literally one of the grossest thing ever see , but somehow kind of cute . it screech and flop around , its malformed wing flap . leezar ( cont 'd ) Hell be empty and the devil be all here !!! leezar stumble in front of the beast . it shriek and climb up leezar 's body . it stick its toothy asshole over leezar 's head and engulf it . his face can be see scream through its drip translucent skin . leezar 's head explode inside the fetus . the dragon then turn toward we heroes , open its jaw and --thwick ! the spike isabel tore from clawdaddy rip through the creature 's wing . pin it to the floor shrieking . thadeous approach the trap creature . thadeous if there 's one lesson to be learn in this tale it 's to never judge a book by its cover . sure the second bear Prince may seem like a good for nothing , but when put to the test , he pull through just fine . what if the same be true for this poor creature ? thadeous lean in close to the creature . thadeous ( cont ’d ) shall we learn nothing ? ( conttnited '' 67 68 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 105 . continued : ( 7 ) 67 the creature scream and spit blood all over thadeous 's face . he nod , turn , and then attempt to be super bad ass , thrust he sword behind he ... stabbing the creature in_the gut ! hack madly at the scream abomination . he look to he companion proudly . they shake they head '' no '' . thadeous close he eye and thrust he fist into the beast again and remove its heart . he force a smile and take a bloody bite . ext . the valley - morning 68 the fivesome walk out of the Valley into the morning light . Courtney 's leg be bandage . thadeous Courtney I want you to forget none of this . I expect you to have this tale memorize and perhaps choreograph to present to the kingdom upon we return . fabious see , questing be not all bad . belladonna it lead you to I . she kiss fabious . thadeous turn to isabel . thadeous you have battle with honor . why do not you treat yourself and take rest back at we castle . we have pickle , slave , and all the herb you care to smoke . isabel I never. rest . there be another mission that call I to the western marsh . she smile , lean in and kiss he . his eye light up . isabel ( cont 'd ) I will not forget you , prince . he take the minotaur dick and try to put it around she neck . she stop he . thadeous .+. to remember I . ( cont tnued } 68 69 70 71 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 106 . continued : 68 isabel I nil remember you in other way . I really do not want that thing touch I . isabel hand it back , then turn she horse in the opposite . direction . isabel ( cont ’d ) until we meet again . thadeous wave to she as she gallop away . he try to be strong , wiping a tear from he eye . fabious be thou alright , brother ? thadeous fight he tear back . get a hold of himself . the four ride off into the sunset together . int . the royal hall / castle of dubris - afternoon 69 tallious sit in he chamber , write a novel . just then a royal guard burst into the hall . guard # 1 Sir , there 's something you should see ! ext . castle tower - moment later 70 a royal guard look to the horizon at the four rider . ext . castle - day ~ 71 thadeous , fabious , belladonna , and Courtney arrive in front of the gate . the gate open revealing ... the entire kingdom assemble , tallious , front and center . fabious raise he sword above he head . the kingdom erupt into cheer . thadeous be they clap for all of we ? courtney I believe so . thadeous even I ? ( cont tnurd y 71 72 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 107 . continued : 71 fabious especially you , brother . thadeous take pause let it soak in . he raise the blade of unicorn above he head and the crowd go wild . he turn to fabious and smile . Courtney smile too . ext . royal courtyard - day 72 the courtyard be deck out once again for a royal wedding . the reception be underway . fabious and belladonna dance in front of the crowd and kiss , husband and wife . she dance worse than you average white girl . Courtney , tumblebottom and the elve spin a choreograph mime routine of the adventure . thadeous watch proudly next to he father King tallious . tallious you have do well , son . you save the entire kingdom . not a bad run for you first quest thadeous well , I would be remiss if I say I do it alone . fabious do contribute what he could . tallious point to belladonna and fabious kissing . tallious do you think they 's 1l1 last ? thadeous barring that another dement wizard do not kidnap she and then have he head bitten off by a dragon 's asshole ... I would say yes . tallious put he arm on thadeous 's shoulder . thadeous smile . finally respect . the moment be well earn . feeling good . King still have he hand on shoulder . thadeous still just stand there . no one say anything . great moment get a little awkward as we stay just a little too long , until - - thadeous ( cont 'd ) I be go to get another drink . you need anything ? king tallious no , I be good . 73 '' you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 108 . int . thadeous 's bedroom - night 73 thadeous lay in bed all alone ... it 's dark . thadeous ah , lady warrior . his eye be squinted shut . thadeous ( cont ’d ) you come back . and now you want I to pleasure you . fabious oh ... excuse I , brother . thadeous jump up startle , stuff he bruce and bean under a fancy pillow . fabious ( cont ’d ) do not mean to interrupt . I just come by to tell you that ... tonight see you at the wedding it do not seem right that you be all alone . so I have bring someone here for you . someone I know you have be miss very much . and someone that I know have be miss you . thadeous sit up excited . thadeous isabel ? fabious smile and present ... steven , the fat lizard animal companion that thadeous and you have long since forget . fabious I have bring you Steven ! thadeous Steven ? fabious put Steven on thadeous 's lap . he 's obviously disappointed , but instead of throw a tantrum , he merely smile and look up to fabious . thadeous ( cont 'd ) thank you , fabious . Simon squawk in the corner . ( conttnued '' 73 " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 109 . continued : 73 thadeous ( cont 'd ) still do not mean you be allow in my bedroom , Simon . fabious good night , thadeous . fabious exit , leave thadeous and Steven all alone . thadeous well , Steven , real handy you end up be . go sit in the corner while I finish strumm my filthy . thadeous dump Steven on the ground . he look up , and there stand in the flesh be isabel . thadeous ( cont ’d ) oh Jesus ! isabel I be able to wrap thing up in the West quick than expect . and I have not be able to stop think of you . thadeous oh weird . I be just about to finish think of you . the two begin kissing passionately . isabel wait , before we go any further there be something I need to tell you ... thadeous and what might that be ? she rip open she dress to reveal a steel chastity belt . isabel it 's a chastity belt . put upon I by a evil witch a long time ago . thadeous what a horribly cruel thing to do ! isabel she now roam the snow mountain of the shahmir . ( more ) ( conttnurd " you highness " - draft 15th April 2009 110 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 isabel ( cont 'd ) if I can defeat she , the curse will be break and the belt will fall free . thadeous so in order for I to have sex with you we have to go on another quest and kill some bitch ? isabel yes . thadeous right now ? isabel well , if you do not want to come --~ thadeous Lady warrior . of course I want to come , but we just get home 's and - isabel you know what ? forget it . thadeous come on . let 's not fight . just give I five minute . that 's all I want ... just to do nothing . she just look at he . he try to relax but can not . thadeous ( cont 'd ) oh , fuckery . let 's go ! roll credit , bitch . the end