zero dark thirty written by Mark boal October 3rd , 2011 from black , voice emerge -- we hear the actual record emergency call make by World Trade Center office worker to police and fire department after the plane strike on 9 / 11 , just before the building collapse . title over : september 11 , 2001 we listen to fragment from a number of this call ... start with plea for help , building to a panic , end with the caller 's grim acceptance that help will not arrive , that the situation be hopeless , that they be about to die . CUT to : title over : two year later int . black site - interrogation room daniel I own you , ammar . you belong to I . look at I . this be daniel stanton , the CIA 's man in Islamabad - a big american , late 30' , with a long , anarchical beard snake down to he tattooe neck . he look like a paramilitary hipster , a punk rocker with a Glock . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( explain the rule ) if you do not look at I when I talk to you , I hurt you . if you step off this mat , I hurt you . if you lie to I , I be gonna hurt you . now , look at I . his prisoner , ammar , stand on a decaye gym mat , surround by four guard whose face be cover in ski mask . ammar look down . instantly : the guard rush ammar , punch and kick . daniel ( cont 'd ) look at I , ammar . notably , one of the guard wear a ski mask do not take part in the beat . 2 . ext . black site - later Daniel and the mask figure emerge from the interrogation room into the light of day . they remove they mask and we see that one be a beautiful young woman in she mid-twenty . she have a pale , milky innocence and bright blue eye , thin and somewhat frail look , yet possess a steely core that we will come to realize be off - the-chart . this be maya , a CIA targeter and subject - matter expert on she first overseas assignment . daniel ( to the guard ) be we gonna board up this window or what ? ( to maya ) just off the plane from Washington , you be rock you best suit for you first interrogation , and then you get this guy . it 's not always this intense . maya I be fine . she 's not . daniel just so you know , it 's go to take awhile . he have to learn how helpless he be . let 's get a coffee . maya no , we should go back in . something about the strange intensity of she expression make Daniel reconsider and he turn back to the interrogation room . daniel you know , there 's no shame if you wanna watch from the monitor . she shake she head . daniel ( cont 'd ) alright . at the door , Daniel hand the ski mask back to Maya . daniel ( cont 'd ) you might want to put this on . 3. maya you be not wear one . be he ever get out ? daniel never . CUT to : int . interrogation room - later superimpose : CIA black site - undisclosed location ammar , bruise from the beat , be restrain with rope . Maya stand a few foot behind Daniel , attentive , wary of what be to come . this be she first interrogation and she be on the verge of vomit from the stench in the room . she look around at the sound - proofed wall , the puddle of water on the floor . daniel right now , this be about you come to term with you situation . it 's you and I , bro . I want you to understand that I know you , that I have be study you for a very long time . I could have have you kill Karachi . but I let you live so you and I could talk . ammar ( resistant ) you beat I when my hand be tie . I will not talk to you . daniel life be not always fair , my friend . do you really think that when we get you , I would be a nice fuck guy ? ammar you be a mid-level guy . you be a garbage man in a corporation . why should I respect you ? daniel and you be a money man . a paperboy ! Daniel pace around ammar , anger rise . daniel ( cont 'd ) a disgrace to humanity ! ( more ) 4. daniel ( cont 'd ) you and you uncle murder three thousand innocent people . I have you name on a five- thousand dollar transfer via western Union to a 9/11 hijacker . he lean into ammar 's ear . uncomfortably close . daniel ( cont 'd ) and you get pop with 150 kilogram of high explosive in you house ! and then you dare question I ?! and then Daniel smile , laugh . mercurial . daniel ( cont 'd ) I be just fuck with you . beat . he laugh again . daniel ( cont 'd ) I do not want to talk about 9/11 . what I want to focus on be the Saudi group . Daniel show he a photo . daniel ( cont 'd ) that there be hazem al - kashmiri . and I know this dude be up to some serious shit , and what I want from you be he Saudi email . ( pause ) feel free to jump in . ( pause ) ammar , bro , I know that you know this dude , just give I he email ... and I will give you a blanket . I will give you a blanket and some solid food . no response from ammar . Daniel start put on he glove . daniel ( cont 'd ) I know that you know he . ammar I tell you before , I will not talk to you . daniel have it you way . ( more ) 5 . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( to the mask ) let 's go . it all happen in a flash : in one swift motion , Daniel push ammar to the floor , the guard pin he limb , and Daniel smother ammar 's face with a towel . ammar thrashes . Daniel consider he next move . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( to maya ) grab the bucket . Maya follow Daniel 's gesture to the corner of the room , where there 's a ice chest fill with water and a plastic pitcher . daniel ( cont 'd ) put some water in it . she dip the pitcher in the water , hand shaking . daniel ( cont 'd ) c'mon , let 's go . the stress and strain on she face be enormous as she bring the bucket back to Daniel . Daniel start pour the water on ammar 's face , which be now cover by a towel . ammar thrashes with rise panic . daniel ( cont 'd ) hazem be a friend of Ramzi Yousef , you guy meet in tunisia back in the 70 . ammar ( gasp for breath ) I do not know , you asshole . Maya shake she head " no . " maya that 's not credible . ammar ( scream ) why be you do this to I ? daniel you be a terrorist , that 's why I be do it to you . 6 . ammar fuck you . Daniel pour water over the towel so it hit ammar 's nose . daniel I want email of the rest of the Saudi group . give I email of the rest of the Saudi group ! give I one email , and I will stop this ! ammar do not speak . he can not . daniel ( cont 'd ) who 's in the Saudi group , and what 's the target ? where be the last time you see bin Laden ? where be the last time you saw bin laden ? Daniel throw the pitcher , rip the rag off ammar 's mouth : and water spurt out - ammar nearly drown . he gasp for air . daniel ( cont 'd ) this be what defeat look like , bro . you jihad be over . Daniel stand . daniel ( cont 'd ) get he up . the guard bring ammar to he foot . Daniel , shifting he persona yet again , touch ammar 's face and speak to he with the comforting tenor of a therapist . daniel ( cont 'd ) try to understand the concept here . I have time , you do not . I have other thing to do , you do not . ( beat ) it 's cool that you be strong . I respect it , I do . but in the end , everybody break , bro . it 's biology . Dan and Maya exit . they have learn nothing . CUT to : ext . islamabad , pakistan - morning superimpose : islamabad , pakistan 7. a colorful , dusty city . busy market . poor child . dense traffic . meanwhile , across town : ext . diplomatic quarter - islamabad - day National flag . impose building . armed guard . the outpost of a superpower . Maya drive through the checkpoint and up to the main gate . superimpose : UNITED states embassy , islamabad CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - staircase - islamabad descend the lobby staircase with Daniel be joseph BRADLEY , Chief of Station , Pakistan , a smooth , vain , sophisticated former case officer who have not quite buff all the blood out of he fingernails . BRADLEY how do it go the other night ? daniel it be good . the local cop need tactical help . but he 's tier fuck one , baby . there 's you money maker . BRADLEY this be the guy that 's KSM 's nephew ? what 's he issue ? daniel he 's be a dick . BRADLEY if he 's try to outsmart you , tell he about you phd . daniel I be go to have to turn up the heat . he need to give we the Saudi group now . they reach the lobby , where they can see Maya sit in the hold area . they walk towards she as Bradley consider what Daniel be ask for . 8. int . american embassy CIA section - staircase / lobby BRADLEY he 's gotta have that - give the family tie . permission grant , Daniel reassure he boss . daniel tight with he uncle , print all over the 9/11 money . Daniel knock on the glass for Maya to come in . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( to Bradley , clocking she good look ) be I lie or what ? the guard open the door and Maya come through - not many female come through that door . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( to maya ) Maya , this be Joseph Bradley , we illustrious station chief . ( as they shake hand ) Joe and I do Iraq together . BRADLEY and we continue we Christian mission here . Nice to meet you . maya you too , sir. BRADLEY how be you flight ? they walk down the lobby towards the secure wing . maya Fine . daniel she 's be have a great time ever since she get in , be not that right ? BRADLEY how do you like Pakistan so far ? maya it 's kinda fuck up . 9 . BRADLEY you volunteer for this do not you ? maya no . Bradley smile . he know she do not volunteer . they reach a secure area and Bradley check Maya through a electronic door . BRADLEY ( to maya ) third floor , northeast corner . she go through and Daniel and Bradley watch she walk away . daniel do not you think she 's a little young for the hard stuff ? BRADLEY Washington say she 's a killer . daniel the child 's crusade . BRADLEY they want the next generation on the field . listen , I have a meeting with ISI in twenty minute . daniel they be slow roll we in lahore - you might want to bitch about that . BRADLEY do you see the cable from London ? daniel dude , I have be in a dark room with another man for the last two day . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - maya' cubicle Maya find she desk . it 's cover with grime . she try to clean it as best she can , then sit and look at the blank log - in screen of she computer . int . american embassy CIA section - conference room a group of thirty - somethings filing in for a meeting , chat , comradery , take seat around a conference table . 10 . we will get to know : jack , mid -40s , a scruffy teddy bear , the liaison from the National Security Agency ( NSA ) . jessica , 30 , a experience targeter , and the only woman in the station who wear a skirt . jack some dude tell the malaysian station that he nephew work with a guy who know a guy -- jessica here we go . jack hold on - he go to a big feast in bangkok about a year ago . the guest of honor ? usama bin Laden . laughter in the room . jack ( cont 'd ) so I say , be tupac there too ? jessica right , but you forget - you forget Mullah Omar . j.j. and jeremy , two case officer , continue the banter : jeremy ( sarcastically ) this be worth 5 million buck . j.j. you know we be go to have to chase it down . jeremy that 's I , man . no job too small . jack that 's why I have a gift for you , my friend . Jack hand Jeremy a piece of paper . Daniel and Maya enter , a little late . daniel everyone , this be Maya . Maya , everyone . ( more ) 11 . daniel ( cont 'd ) please do not ask how it 's go with ammar because she 's not go to fuck tell you . jessica ammar be withhold ? Daniel nod . jessica ( cont 'd ) ( read from she file ) Washington assess that Abu faraj be officially we new number three - jessica move to a wall chart of aq leadership and reposition Abu faraj 's mugshot to number three in the line , two down from usama bin Laden . meanwhile , in the background , the riff continue - daniel - best man for it . jack ( o.s. ) London station be already ask if we think he 's in contact with anyone in the U.K. jeremy like we be just keep it from they . jessica sit back down and get down to business . jessica the jordanian be be really helpful with ammar 's transit papers . jessica pass Daniel a file . daniel any imminent threat in here ? jessica they want the Consulate , the Marriott , it 's low security . and they have get majid kahn talk about gas station in the US . daniel and that 's a conversation ? jessica shrug . at this point , she believe that it be merely a conversation - not a fully realize plot . 12. jessica honestly ? there be six hundred question in there . I would concentrate on heathrow . the Saudis . do it matter what faraj think about heathrow ? how much latitude do he get to pick target ? daniel I think he will give up the Saudis . but heathrow be gonna be tough . anyway . anything from last night ? j.j. Quetta base think they have a bead on the Arabs that escape , and they be go to meet with the ISI this afternoon , hopefully to set up a raid down there . daniel great . jeremy and lahore report ISI down there be painfully slow last night . again . I be beginning to think it 's not incompetence . daniel I agree , I speak to the Chief about that . anything on bin Laden ? jessica ( read from a cable ) a farmer on the afghan border near tora bora report : a diamond shape pattern in the hill , tall male in the center of the diamond , flanke by four guard . it 's consistent with ubl 's movement . jeremy that 's suppose to be he royal guard ? maya that 's pre-9 /11 behavior . jessica do not appreciate the challenge . jessica ( chilly ) we do not have reason to believe he 's change security tactic . 13. maya we invade Afghanistan . that 's a reason . and so the rivalry begin . j.j. hey , boss , I get a guy for five thousand buck , he can set up a taxi stand and snoop around a bit . daniel no , do not need he , the diamond sighting be bullshit . see if the pak will send someone to talk to the farmer . anything else ? we need to be put run on the board against faraj . speak to the case officer who do not see fit to make it today . and thank they . int . maya' apartment - islamabad the loud wailing of the early morning call to prayer from the loudspeaker of a nearby mosque wake Maya on the couch . CUT to : int . black site - afternoon Daniel and the guard enter ammar 's cell with Maya . Daniel switch on a floodlight , awaken ammar . daniel let 's take it easy today , huh ? Daniel hand ammar a bottle of orange juice and a bag of falafel . daniel ( cont 'd ) hungry ? the food in here suck so I get you some of this . ammar grab the lunch sack and scarf down the falafel . daniel ( cont 'd ) Richard reid , wow . I be think about he . the guy get a bomb in he shoe on a plane . unbelievable . you know he , do not you ? slowly , ammar nod . 14 . ammar yes . daniel I be glad you say that . I have a email from you to he . I have have all you com for year , bro . who else be in you Saudi group ? ammar I just hand out some cash for they . I do not know who the guy be . daniel when you lie to I , I hurt you . ammar please . daniel I believe you . I do , I believe you . beat . daniel ( cont 'd ) do you want the water again , or do you want something else ? ammar please . daniel just give I a name . ammar I don 't -- Daniel jump up . ammar ( cont 'd ) I do not know . Daniel kick out the chair from under ammar . the mask guard walk to the rope pulley . daniel you see how this work ? you do not mind if my female colleague see you junk , do you ? Daniel pull down ammar 's pants . Maya flinch at the bare nakedness . daniel ( cont 'd ) dude , you shit you pants . 15 . Daniel turn to Maya - daniel ( cont 'd ) you stay here , I will be back . Daniel go out , leave Maya stand alone in front of the naked , chain man . ammar look at she imploringly and she struggle to meet he eye . ammar you friend be a animal . please , help I . please . a long beat . maya you can help yourself by be truthful . the door handle turn . it occur to Maya that perhaps Daniel be testing she resilience , too , as Daniel re-enter with a dog collar in he hand . daniel this be a dog collar . Daniel unhook ammar , snap the collar and leash around he neck , as ammar cry out against the humiliation . Maya flinch . Daniel be relentless : daniel ( cont 'd ) you determine how I treat you . now Daniel drag ammar on all four , pull he by the leash . daniel ( cont 'd ) I be go to walk you . Maya watch in horror as Daniel walk ammar to a far corner of the room , then lean down to address he victim : daniel ( cont 'd ) what the fuck do you think be go on , ammar ? wahleed have already tell I that you know . at last , Daniel reach a area of the room where there be a large wooden box rest on a platform . 16 . daniel ( cont 'd ) this box suck . I be go to put you in it . ammar try to speak but can not get a word out . daniel ( cont 'd ) when be the attack ? ammar ( very softly ) Sunday . daniel Sunday ? Sunday where ? this Sunday or next Sunday ? ammar mumble , almost inaudibly . ammar Monday . daniel be it Sunday or Monday ? ammar do not answer . the mask man approach . daniel ( cont 'd ) which day be it ? partial information be treat as a lie . ammar Saturday . beat . the mask man open the box . ammar ( cont 'd ) Sunday ! the guard grab ammar and carry he to he wooden tomb . he shout with he last reserve of energy : ammar ( cont 'd ) Monday ! daniel ammar , which day ? ammar ( mumbling ) Monday , Tuesday , beat . 17 . ammar ( cont 'd ) Thursday . beat . ammar ( cont 'd ) Friday . Daniel slam the box shut . once again , he 's learn nothing . CUT to : ext . khobar tower - saudi arabia - day ecu : a magazine click into the receiver of a black assault rifle . the weapon , carry by a beard arab man dress in street clothes , rise to shoulder height . int . khobar tower - day - the man enter the hallway of the khobar residential tower - and immediately open fire on two western men he happen to find inside , kill they both . title over : may 29 , 2004 - the crack of the shot send the rest of the resident into a panicky , scream dash for cover - as he stride quickly down the hall , he find three other resident scramble for safety , and shoot and kill they all . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - conference room cu tv : news footage of the massacre . Daniel , jessica , and Maya look on in defeat . the " Saudi " attack they try to prevent by pressure ammar have occur . jessica ( to daniel ) do not worry about the Saudis , they will take care of business . daniel yeah , now . 18. jessica you warn they - they do not take you seriously - this be what happen . it 's not on you . daniel who say that ? zied ? fuck he . this be on I . ammar be on I !! and it 's on she !! ( point to Maya ) we can not let this be a win-win for aq . jessica no , no , no . you have - what - day - brief custody - and a unresponsive ally . the way you do this be you look ahead . London . heathrow . mass casualty . that plan be still active . maya ammar do not have a clue about what happen . jessica he know . maya how ? jessica you have to be really careful with people in KSM 's circle - they be devious . maya he 's not go to talk about attack on the homeland . he 's go to withhold operational detail on the KSM network and probably on bin Laden . ( flipping she argument ) but he 's be in complete isolation , he do not know we fail . we can tell he anything . daniel bluff he ? maya he have not sleep , Dan . he 's clueless . CUT to : 19 . ext . black site - afternoon daniel ( pre - lap ) you do not remember , do you ? you - I : same same . bad memory . while guard move in the deep b.g. , Daniel and Maya be seat at a picnic table with a appetizing spread of Arabic food . daniel ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) short term memory loss be a side effect of sleep deprivation . it should come back to you . the Guards bring a prisoner to the table and remove he hood : ammar . he stare weakly at the table . ammar ( carefully ) I do not know . how can I remember ? maya after we keep you awake for 96 hour , you give we name of some of you brother and save the life of a lot of innocent people . daniel which be the smart thing to do , you be start to think for yourself . ammar be lose . but the food be tempting . daniel ( cont 'd ) eat up ! you earn it . ammar eat . daniel ( cont 'd ) so you fly via Amman to Kabul to hang out with you uncle ? mukhtar . ammar how do you know that ? daniel I tell you man , I know you . alright , you get I - flight manifest . it must have be pretty fuck up for you guy after 9/11 . what do you do after the invasion and before you go back to pesh ? 20 . ammar after 9/11 I have to choose : fight , to protect we turf - or run . daniel ( sympathetic ) you choose to fight . ammar look Daniel right in the eye . ammar I want to kill Americans . we try to get into tora bora but the bombing be too high . we could not cross . maya sorry , who be the " we " in that sentence ? ammar I and some guy who be hang around at that time . daniel ( casually ) I can eat with some other dude and hook you back up to the ceiling ? ammar hamza rabia , khabab al - masri , and Abu Ahmed . Maya make note on she pad . maya who 's Abu Ahmed ? I have hear of the other guy . ammar he be a computer guy with we at the time . after tora bora , I go back to pesh - as you know - and he go North , I think , to kunar . maya what 's he family name ? ammar Abu Ahmed al -kuwaiti . maya Abu Ahmed mean " father of Ahmed " , it 's a kunya . ( more ) 21 . maya ( cont 'd ) ammar , I know the difference between a war name and a Arabic name . daniel she get you there , dude . ammar I swear to you both : I do not know he family name . I would have never ask he something like that . it 's not how my uncle work . my uncle tell I he work for bin Laden . I do see he , once , about a year ago , in Karachi . he read we all a letter from the Sheikh . maya a letter ? daniel what do it say ? Daniel offer ammar a smoke . daniel ( cont 'd ) cigarette ? ammar accept . Daniel 's light it . ammar it say " continue the jihad . the work will go on for a hundred year . " CUT to : int . american embassy - research room we fade into a dimly light research room , where Maya be alone watch interrogation video recording on a array of monitor . some of the video be rough ; but most simply depict two people talk . the video she 's watch now show a hood prisoner sit in a filthy room , the wall smear with red stain . cu screen : soldier interrogator you and I be gonna talk about some of the guy in the training camp , yeah ? the prisoner sit in a chair . he 's hood , but relaxed . 22. prisoner ok . soldier interrogator some of this brother have do some bad thing , and what I want to do be I want to separate they from the people like you . prisoner definitely , yeah . soldier interrogator there be a guy call Abu Ahmed from Kuwait . prisoner yes , I remember he . a nice guy . soldier interrogator how close be he ? what be he relationship to the leadership ? prisoner I do not know . soldier interrogator do he eat with you guy - do he eat with the good guy - or do he eat with the leadership ? prisoner I do not know , sir . I have no idea about thing like that . soldier interrogator yes you do , you do not need a idea about thing - Maya hit pause and we see that she desk be fill with open window of interrogation : she be analyze ten video simultaneously , compare they to each other . int . research room - moment later she play another video show a turkish prison . turkish interrogator when you meet with Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , be this one of the facilitator ? the interrogator flash a picture . the prisoner moan . 23. turkish interrogator ( cont 'd ) be this Abu Ahmed ? prisoner yes . CUT to int . research room - later she fast forward a video - shot in a Polish facility . the prisoner appear to be cold . interrogator KSM , you boss . prisoner mukhtar ? interrogator mukhtar , ' potato ' , you say ' potahto ' . I say ' fuck KSM ' , but yeah , ' mukhtar . ' after mukhtar be capture , what do Abu Ahmed do ? prisoner Abu Ahmed , I believe he go to work for the Sheikh . int . research room - later Maya be still in the research room . she 's be go at this for hour and look fatigue . cu screen : a different interrogator from the previous video ; prisoner be a older man chain to a desk . the exchange be in Arabic with a English subtitle on the screen : prisoner in Karachi , in 2003 or 2004 . interrogator he be carry a letter from bin Laden ? CUT to : int . research room - later still go , look exhaust now , Maya manipulate the control of yet another video clip with a different interrogator and prisoner . we be now in a moroccan facility . the interrogator show he a photograph of a bearded man . henceforth , the photograph . 24 . interrogator be that he ? prisoner ( nods ) Abu Ahmed . the interrogator hold the photograph right in front of the prisoner 's face , allow we to see it as well . interrogator say again ? prisoner Abu Ahmed . Abu Ahmed . Abu Ahmed . freeze frame . CUT to : int . research room - later a yemeni prison - the dialogue be a mix of french and English : interrogator Abu Ahmed - be he the courier for bin Laden ? prisoner who know who work directly for bin Laden ? let 's say he 's part of the mix . interrogator be there other people who carry message from bin Laden ? prisoner sure . interrogator how many other people ? prisoner ( thinking ) four or five . interrogator let 's talk about they -- the image freeze . Maya stare at the screen . 25 . int . american embassy - kitchen Maya be in the kitchen grab something to eat . jessica , the only other person work this late , walk in , pour herself some coffee . jessica how 's the needle in the haystack ? maya Fine . jessica facilitator come and go , but one thing you can count on in life be that everyone want money . the rivalry be in full bloom . sometimes it 's friendly . sometimes it 's not so friendly . maya ( smiling ) you be assume that Al Qaeda member be motivate by financial reward . they be radical . jessica ( bigger smile ) correct . you be assume that greed will not override ideology in some of the weaker member . maya money for walk - in work great in the cold war , I will give you that . jessica thank you . maya just not sure that tactic be applicable to the Middle East . CUT to : int . maya' apartment Maya hastily throw she clothes and a wig into a suitcase - the world 's fastest pack job - CUT to : 26 . ext . warsaw shipyard - poland - day superimpose : CIA black site - warsaw , poland a sprawling shipyard in a industrial area . a large military frigate sit in the harbor . a dark haire woman and a man board the ship . CUT to : int . frigate - black site - poland - day at first we do not recognize the woman with heavy makeup walk down the narrow corridor , and then we realize it 's Maya in disguise . she enter a vast cavernous hold accompany by a middle age afghan man , thick shoulder with year of hard experience in he kind , somewhat sad eye . this fatherly man be hakim , a former political prisoner in Afghanistan and one of the CIA 's most important asset . in the galley , a prisoner be chain to a table . hakim slide he the photograph . the prisoner speak in Arabic . hakim ( translating ) he say he look like Abu Ahmed . maya who do he work for ? hakim translate . then the prisoner speak . hakim ( translating ) it be mostly with Abu faraj - they be always together . maya what do he do for faraj ? hakim ( translating ) he carry message from faraj to bin Laden and from bin Laden back to faraj . Maya lean into hakim - 27 . maya we need to ask he something to see if he 's tell the truth . we do not know if he really know faraj . hakim speak to the prisoner . hakim he just tell I the name of all of faraj 's child . I think he 's tell the truth . CUT to : int . american embassy - CIA section Maya be pitching Bradley in he office . Bradley sit with he foot up on he desk , hold the photograph . Daniel be slouched on the couch in back . jessica be perch on the arm of the couch , bare leg cross . Bradley notice . Maya stand . maya twenty detainee recognize that photo of Abu Ahmed . they say he 's part of the inner circle of guy who be hang out in Afghanistan pre-9/11 . ( beat ) a lot of they say that after 9/11 , he go to work for KSM . ( beat ) when KSM get capture , he go to work for Abu faraj , primarily as a courier from faraj to bin Laden . BRADLEY well , that 's good . you still - maya yeah , we do not know if Abu be on the outside of the network - part of a series of cutout and dead drop - or if he have a direct connection to bin Laden . do bin Laden invite he into the live room and hand he a letter directly ? or be Abu just the last guy in a long line of courier , so that 's why everybody know he ? 28 . BRADLEY that 's not all you do not know . you do not have he true name , and you do not have a clue of where he be . maya we know that he 's important . the fact that everybody 's hear of Abu Ahmed but nobody will tell I where he be suggest that . BRADLEY maybe . detainee could withhold he location for any number of reason . perhaps they do not know ; perhaps this Abu be just a cover story and he 's really a fuck unicorn . the withhold do not reveal what you want it to - do it ? maya no . BRADLEY and if you do find he , you do not know that he would be with bin Laden . daniel we do not know what we do not know . BRADLEY ( to daniel ) what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? daniel it 's a tautology . BRADLEY ( back to Maya ) listen , not one single detainee have say that he 's locate with the big guy , just that he deliver message . be I wrong ? maya no . BRADLEY no . it 's still good work . ( more ) 29 . BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) let I know when you have get some actionable intelligence , preferably something that lead to a strike . CUT to : ext . tavistock square - london - early morning the city be in full swing on this bright mid-summer morning . car and buse roll through the crowded street . int . / ext . double decker bus title over : london - JULY 7 , 2005 passenger inside the bus read newspaper , listen to music ... another ordinary day . then , the bus explode ! CUT to : cu : tv screen file footage of the aftermath : reporter ( o.s. ) this be what remain of the # 10 bus , which be travel through tavistock Square ... int . american embassy CIA section - station chief' office - night Joseph Bradley sit at he desk . the weight of the world on he shoulder . on the television in the background , the news report continue , show disaster footage of people bloody , scream . CUT to : ext . black site - afghanistan the war on terror be grow and spread , like a octopus , throughout the base . we trace the new tentacles of the CIA facility - more hangar , vehicle , people move to and for . reporter ( o.s. ) all around , group of londoner be stand on corner ask themselves ( more ) 30 . reporter ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what have happen here , and who could possibly have do this ? we find Daniel try to catch a moment of solitude ... eat a ice cream cone and stand in front of a makeshift cage fill with wild monkey . the monkey be watch Daniel intently , they hand grip the wire cage . Daniel playfully feed they some of he ice cream . a CIA guard approach Daniel CIA guard ( be : the monkey ) you Agency guy be twisted . the detainee be ready . Daniel nod , weary . then a monkey reach through the bar and steal the remainder of Daniel 's ice cream cone . he look at the monkey and laugh . CUT to : ext . islamabad traffic - year later rain pelt the brown city , turn the gutter water black . maya ( pre - lap ) I want you to understand that I know you . I have be follow you and study you for a long time . I chase you in lahore . we find Maya enter the gate of a pakistani prison . the weather make the place seem especially bleak . superimpose : military detention CENTER - islamabad , pakistan int . pakistani detention area - continuous hassan ghul , Al Qaeda financier , sit manacle to a desk . maya I have you pick up instead of kill you because you be not a violent man and you do not deserve to die . ghul thank you . 31 . maya but you do have deep tie to Al Qaeda that I want to ask you about before you get send to you next location , which might be Israel . ghul look ashen . maya ( cont 'd ) however , depend on how candid you be today , I may be able to keep you in Pakistan . ghul what do you want to know ? maya I be go to ask you a series of question base on you knowledge of Al Qaeda and you position as key financier for the organization . ghul I have deal with the mukhabarat , I have no wish to be torture again . ask I a question , I can answer it . maya what can you tell I about atiyah Abd al - Rahman . ghul he work for Zawahiri . he 's in charge of military tactic . maya in what context have you ever hear the name Abu Ahmed ? ghul he work for faraj and bin Laden . he be he most trust courier . Maya work hard to hide how pleased she be to have this confirmation . she 's not entirely successful . maya what make you say that ? ghul he bring I many message from the Sheikh . 32 . maya where do you last see he , and where be he now ? ghul you will never find he . maya why be that ? ghul even I could not find he . he always contact I out of the blue . he be one of the disappear one . CUT to : ext . garden complex - pakistan - day pakistani family enjoy a fine summer day . int . garden villa a bomb be be strapped to a man' leg by a pakistani policeman . pakistani policeman ( in urdu ) you know how this work ? the man be terrify . pakistani policeman ( cont 'd ) just act naturally . the policeman finish secure the bomb , and send the man out the door ( who we will later deduce be Abu faraj 's courier ) . CUT to : ext . garden complex - day faraj 's courier walk past play child ... while from a nearby tower , Daniel observe . after a moment , abu faraj , who we recognize from he photograph , appear at the south end of the park . faraj walk in the direction of he courier , note he surroundings : child play . several people in black burkhas . 33. bright SUN . at last faraj reach a open area where he can see he courier face to face . they exchange a nervous glance that convey the danger : it 's a trap . faraj spin to flee , but it 's too late . the black burkhas descend on he . it turn out they be heavily armed pakistani agent . from on high , Daniel watch he capture prey . CUT to : ext . black site - afghanistan - day Daniel and a armed guard escort a hood and handcuff faraj to he cell . daniel what do you like ? Bob marley ? reggae ? egyptian music ? just let I know , if there 's music you like , I can make a call . int . interrogation area - continuous Daniel and the guard take faraj to a cell lace with barb wire and lock he inside . daniel can I be honest with you ? I be bad news . I be not you friend . I be not gonna help you . I be gonna break you . beat . daniel ( cont 'd ) I have do it before . ( faraj doze , weak ) hey , wake up . you have not eat in 18 hour , we have get to keep you energy up . you hungry ? CUT to : int . cell Guards force feed faraj through a feed tube . CUT to : 34 . int . american embassy CIA section - maya' cubicle - day Bradley approach Maya at she cubicle . BRADLEY you be in luck , I get you a one - on - one with faraj . maya seriously ? thank you . BRADLEY do not thank I until you hear what I want for it . he drop a folder on she desk . BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) I want you to take care of all of this before you favorite subject . maya deal . BRADLEY do not you want to see what 's in the folder ? maya you want family tie , financial network , media source , disgruntled employee , imminent threat , homeland plot , BRADLEY ( walking away ) thank you . maya foreign cell , health status , trade craft , recruiting tactic -- anything else ? CUT to : int . interrogation room - morning both Maya and faraj look tired . this have be go on for hour . maya a lot of brother tell we Abu Ahmed be bin Laden 's courier and that he work very closely with you . 35 . faraj you be think of Abu Khalid . maya who ? faraj Al buluchi . my courier for the Sheikh . maya okay , so you be tell I that all the other brother be wrong , and there 's some famous buluchi guy that be work for you and bin Laden that I have never even hear of ? faraj why should you have hear of he ? maya what do this buluchi guy look like ? faraj tall , long white beard , thin . he use a cane . maya kind of like gandolf ? faraj who ? maya when be the last time you see he ? faraj a month ago , in Karachi , but I do not know where he be now . sometimes I would not even see he , he would just tell I where to leave the message . maya I do not believe you . the guard in the room with they lean forward and slap faraj across the face . faraj 's expression do not change and Maya herself remain flat and steady , unmove by the violence . she 's not quite the same young lady she be a few year ago . 36 . maya ( cont 'd ) you be not be fulsome in you reply . faraj you can not force I to tell you something I do not know . maya you do realize this be not a normal prison . you determine how you be treat , and you life will be very uncomfortable until you give I information I need . the guard slap faraj again . faraj be impassive . CUT to : int . interrogation room - later Maya look on impassively as faraj be subject to harsh treatment . CUT to : int . black site - bathroom Maya be retching in the stall . CUT to : ext . black site - pre-dawn Maya walk around the facility , quiet at this hour , and find another insomniac , Daniel , by the monkey cage . the cage be empty . maya faraj be completely deny know Abu Ahmed , and that 's use every measure we have . daniel he 's either go to withhold or die from the pressure you be put on he . maya do you want to take a run at he ? daniel no . 37 . maya no ? since when ? daniel you know , I have be meaning to tell you : I be get outta here . maya what ? you okay ? daniel I be fine . I have just see too many guy naked . it 's gotta be over a hundred at this point . I need to go do something normal for awhile . maya like what ? daniel go to Washington , do the dance , see how that environment work . ( beat ) you should come with I . be my number two . you be look a little strung out yourself . Maya look at Dan . no longer the man he once be . she do not hide she disappointment . maya I be not go to find Abu Ahmed from D.C. they both look at the empty cage , clocking the irony . daniel they kill my monkey . something about a escape . can you fuck believe that ? maya sorry , Dan . daniel look , Maya , you gotta be really careful with detainee now . the politics be change and you do not want to be the last one hold a dog collar when the oversight committee come . maya I know . 38 . daniel and watch you back when you get back to Pakistan . everyone know you there now . CUT to : ext . islamabad - night back in Pakistan , the country have indeed change to a more militarize police state , and as we establish the new environment , we find Maya 's grey sedan ... ext . islamabad - near the marriott HOTEL - night the car pull up to a checkpoint manned by pakistani police . the policeman look at the car - look at the plate - the plate be diplomatic - they walk around the car and stop at the window - shine they bright light right into Maya 's eye . a policeman motion for she to roll down she window . policeman where be you go ? maya to the Marriott . I assume you notice the dip plate . policeman but you have a bag - the policeman motion to a duffel bag rest on the rear seat . maya it 's a gym bag . Maya do not get out of the car . she stare at he defiantly . he advance forward a bit . she roll up she window , flick the door lock , and start dial she cell phone . the policeman walk away to rejoin he group . the police confer . the original policeman return , this time with several other cop . they knock on the glass . hard . Maya stare straight ahead . CUT to : int . marriott HOTEL restaurant - night jessica be wait at the table in a beautifully appoint room . 39 . superimpose : marriott HOTEL - islamabad , pakistan - september 20 , 2008 Maya walk in , flustered . maya Fucking checkpoint . Maya sit down , absorb in she blackberry . jessica Maya ? maya yeah . jessica we be socialize . be social . Maya put away she blackberry . maya ( halfheartedly ) okay . jessica look , I know Abu Ahmed be you baby , but it 's time to cut the umbilical cord . maya no , it 's not . jessica so faraj go south on you - it happen . there be still cell in London and Spain plan the next round of attack . maya I can work on it at the same time - plus I think it 's a good thing that he lie . jessica no , not at the expense of protect the homeland , you can not . wait a minute , why be it a good thing ? maya you sound just like Bradley . he do not believe in my lead either . ( more ) 40 . maya ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) it 's a good thing because the fact that faraj withheld on Abu Ahmed be revealing . the only other thing he lie about be the location of bin Laden himself . that mean faraj think Abu Ahmed in as important to protect as bin Laden . that confirm my lead . jessica or it 's confirmation bias . ( beat ) we be all just worried about you , okay ? be that okay to say ? Maya rub she eye , not like where the conversation be go . she force a smile . jessica ( cont 'd ) where 's Jack ? maya he 's probably stick in some check - point somewhere . jessica you two hook up yet ? maya hello , I work with he . I be not that girl , that fuck . it 's unbecome . jessica so ? a little foolin ' around would not hurt you . ( beat ) so no boyfriend . do you have any friend at all ? she do not . jessica 's phone ring - jessica ( cont 'd ) it 's Jack . ( into phone ) hey - that 's okay - suddenly , a explosion rip through the restaurant . -- shatter the window -- destroy table and light 41 . -- maya , jessica , and other tossed to the ground , some fatally . -- smoke fill the room as alarm wail , Maya struggle to she foot , grab jessica by the arm , and they stumble to safety . int . marriott - dine room toward the destroy kitchen , help each other over obstacle , twisted metal , gap in the concrete , etc , past injure worker and burn flame . int . marriott HOTEL - kitchen - later they continue move through the debris as the smoke intensify . they find each other 's hand and grab tightly . CUT to : c.u. : tv screen the destroy Marriott . reporter ( o.s. ) the blast leave a crater 10 meter wide in front of the hotel . the Marriott , one of the most popular destination for local and westerner ... fade to black ext . mountainous tribal area - pakistan - day we be high above the wild hinterland of the hindu kush , glide over the rocky slope and the pine forest . superimpose : tribal territories , northern pakistan we move from peak to peak until we find a remote valley , and we zoom down ... and nestle in the valley we can just make out the barest outline of a tiny village of mud hut . int . tribal village hut now we be inside a hut and we have shift to the perspective of a hand hold camera , as if someone inside this stone age interior be filming on we behalf , and we see a hard floor , thin gap in the wall , and five tribal elder talk casually , eat and drink tea . 42 . we pan across the weathered face , long beard , and see a video recorder rest on a ledge . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - islamabad - day jessica stride excitedly , almost break into a run , through the warren of cubicle that lead to Maya 's desk . int . american embassy CIA section - maya' cubicle - day jessica beam as she approach Maya . jessica the jord have a mole ! maya what ? jessica pop a CD into Maya 's computer , load a file that play the same video clip we have just see . jessica he make this video to prove he bona fide . maya shut the fuck up ! the camera stop on one man , balawi . jessica ( pointing ) humam khalil al - balawi , he 's a jordanian doctor . he 's really motivate . Maya practically bolt out of she chair . together , they start walk towards Bradley 's office - maya this could be it ! jessica this be it . int . american embassy CIA section - station chief' office - continuous Bradley have just finish watch the video . Maya and jessica be in he office wait for he verdict . 43. jessica he 's right there in the inner circle . BRADLEY I do not buy it . do not you tell I yourself nobody turn on Al Qaeda ? jessica the jord work he for a year . dinner , money . they have convinced he that it 's he patriotic duty to turn on Al Qaeda and get rich do it . BRADLEY yeah , so the jord say . maya ( to BRADLEY ) you be right . we can not rely on the jord . we have to evaluate he face to face . jessica ( catch on ) he may not be that smart . he may be full of shit - but we have to talk to he to find out . maya the key be to meet he so we can figure out for ourselves what he can actually do . BRADLEY he really ask for a dialysis machine ? you can fill the damn thing with poison . CUT to : int . american embassy islamabad - briefing room - night Maya and a few analyst be watch tv - President - elect Obama be be interview on 60 Minutes when jessica come into the room with disappoint news - jessica the meeting with balawi be off . he can not come here to Islamabad . maya can not or will not ? 44 . jessica he 's not go to travel - security risk - the tv interview with Obama reach the subject of enhance interrogation , and the woman pause to listen to the President - elect declare , " America do not torture . " then they continue : jessica ( cont 'd ) he want we to go to he . he will meet in miram sha or the tribal . maya he know we be white . you will get kidnap up there . david , a analyst , add he two cent to the conversation - david we could do it somewhere else - Germany , or the UK ? he 's get a clean passport . jessica he 's not go to travel out of Al Qaeda territory . david and you be not go to he . jessica I be not . believe I . ( pause ) we be stick . david what about Camp chapman ? Afghanistan . that could be safe territory . CUT to : ext . camp chapman CIA compound - khost , afghanistan - day we survey the sprawling base from above . superimpose : camp chapman - khost , afghanistan helicopter and Humvees traverse the base . int . camp chapman - kitchen - morning jessica apply icing to a birthday cake as she cradle a satellite phone . 45 . jessica ( into phone ) this may be go overboard , but I baked he a cake ! maya o.s. Muslim 's do not celebrate with cake . jessica do not be so literal . everyone like cake . it 's not too late for you to come , you know . it will be fun . CUT to : int . american embassy - predator BAY Maya sit in front of a series of monitor . she watch a live predator feed . maya I do not want to be a straphangar . it 's you show . you be the first to see the potential in this . jessica ( o.s. ) come on ! we have get lot of wine ! the target on Maya 's monitor disappear in a puff of smoke . maya cool . bring I back a bottle . jessica ( o.s. ) I will . CUT to : int . dine area jessica pour two glass of wine and raise a toast to she colleague , JOHN . jessica not to get technical , but this guy be actually the first big break we have have since 9/11 . to big break and the little people that make they happen . clink . 46 . jessica ( cont 'd ) so far , everything he 's say we have cross check and it 's prove legit ... and I think the money be persuasive . 25 million dollar ?! that busy a new life . JOHN do you think he might be exaggerate he access ? jessica possibly . but Al Qaeda need doctor and they be short staff and that could explain he rise . in six month to a year , if he do not fuck up , he could be call in to treat bin Laden . and at that moment , with 25 mile on the table , I think he give up the Big man . and if he do not , we kill he . CUT to : ext . camp chapman CIA compound - afternoon the same gather as the day before , wait under the merciless sun . superimpose : december 30 , 2009 jessica turn to she crew , which include lauren , a young operative , zied , a jordanian intelligence agent , and the base 's CIA security guard , among other . they rehearse the impending meeting . jessica so John ? ( John turn to she ) when he arrive , I will set the tone , and then I will flip it to you - and you will talk about asset protection . JOHN Roger that . jessica then lauren , I know you want to get some question in there - but give balawi time after John speak . we will cover the basic and have he birthday cake , then we will get to the nitty gritty . 47 . jessica turn to zied . jessica ( cont 'd ) be that order okay , or do you want to introduce everyone ? zied I will introduce you , and you introduce you team . he know this be a high level meeting . securty guard Quick question : all be take place inside we main building ? jessica right . and lauren ? Washington will want real time update so please stay on top of that . be concise . the director be in the loop . and I would not be surprised if he do not update the President . lauren yeah , I be on it . they take in the possibility . jessica now , I just need to get balawi 's ass down here . later - wait and wait . no car approach . the sun beat down . CUT to : ext . camp chapman - road to south gate several hundred yard before the Camp entrance be a beat - up sedan . the car pull up to the checkpoint but do not proceed . jessica ( to the Security gyard ) why be there gate guard there ? we talk about this , no one be suppose to be there when my source arrive . you might have spook he already ! securty guard procedure only work if we follow they every time . 48 . jessica this time be different - I be sorry I can not explain , but it 's for a good cause . securty guard look , I be responsible for everyone 's safety , okay ? it 's not just about you . jessica I just need they to go away for a minute . you can search he as soon as he get here . the Security Guard pause , then into he radio : securty guard ( into radio ) all station , go ahead and stand down . checkpoint guard ( over radio ) Roger . ext . camp chapman - guard post the guard move away from they post . the sedan drive past the gate into a maze of barrier . we follow the car as it navigate the maze of hesco barrier , kick up a cloud of dust . ext . camp chapman - CIA compound jessica run back to she team and flash a thumb up . she smile and pull out she phone , send a text . ecu : phone text : he 's here . brb maya : cool ! the car navigate the second set of barrier . int . american embassy - maya' cubicle - second later Maya type on she computer : wassup you talk yet 49 . ? ext . camp chapman - CIA compound jessica look up to see the car approach and put the phone back in she pocket . the sedan be now 50 yard away . securty guard okay , he 's come . we be gonna search he when he get here . everyone prepare . the car get closer and closer , a driver in front and a passenger in back . int . american embassy - maya' cubicle Maya text again : ? answer when you can . ext . camp chapman - CIA compound the sedan pull to a stop . a blackwater guard tap on the backseat window . balawi exit on the passenger side . his free hand be in he pocket . blackwater guard ( to the other guard ) be he suppose to limp like that ? securty guard take you hand out of you pocket ! hey ! balawi allahu akbar , allahu akbar blackwater guard ( raise he m4 ) get you hand out of you pocket ! balawi allahu akbar . jessica 's smile fade and balawi detonate a suicide vest hide under this jacket and the result shrapnel storm pulp the crowd , massacre they all - CUT to : 50 . int . american embassy islamabad , CIA section - continuous Maya look at she computer screen . she see she last instant message .. and wait for a response . beat . Maya look up , concern on she face . CUT to : ext . camp chapman - day the explosion smoke still hover over Camp chapman . News report of the attack play over the horrific image . int . american embassy CIA section - maya' cubicle - later Maya huddle on the floor under the corner of she desk . int . maya' cubicle - later the office have thin out , and most people have go home for the day . Maya be crouch in the corner . a wounded animal . Jeremy , the case officer from the conference room , approach and give Maya a computer disc . jeremy you okay ? no response . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I do not think this day could get any worse , but bad news from Saudi intelligence . the courier guy , Abu Ahmed , be dead . it 's a detainee video . Maya still fight to contain she grief , take the file as a almost welcome distraction . she put the disc into she computer and hit play . cu computer screen : a prisoner be interview by a CIA case officer hold the photo of Abu Ahmed we have see so many time . prisoner he 's dead , in Afghanistan , 2001 . I bury he with my own hand . interrogator where ? 51 . prisoner Kabul . Maya stare at the screen . maya I do not believe this . jeremy sorry , Maya , I always like this lead . Jeremy leave Maya at she computer . she continue to stare at the screen . int . maya' cubicle - night Maya be still by herself . her friend Jack approach - jack ( consoling ) hey . sorry , I just get here . what be you gonna do ? maya I be go to smoke everybody involved in this op , and then I be go to kill bin Laden . off the darkness in she eye we - fade to black CUT to : int . american embassy islamabad - CIA section - a year later the staff have gather to hear a word from the boss in a large conference room ; it 's pack shoulder to shoulder with dozen of people , include Maya , Jim , Jack , hakim , and Bradley at the front . GEORGE wright , Chief of the Afghanistan Pakistan Department , have just fly in from d.c . a big man , stride quickly into the room with the street roll of the bronx project he grow up in , George look ready for a brawl . GEORGE I want to make something absolutely clear . ( more ) 52 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) if you think there be some secret cell somewhere work Al Qaeda , I want you to know that you be wrong . this be it . there 's no work group come to the rescue . he stare at he staff . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) there 's nobody else , hide away on some other floor . there be just we . and we be fail . we be spend billion of dollar . people be die . we be still no closer to defeat we enemy . pacing now : GEORGE ( cont 'd ) they attack we on land in 98 , by sea in 2000 , and from the air in 2001 . they murder three thousand of we citizen in cold blood , and they have slaughter we forward deploy . and what the fuck have we do about it ? ( yelling now ) what have we do ? ( pause ) we have twenty leadership name and we have only eliminate four of they . beat . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I want target ! do you fuck job , bring I people to kill ! int . american embassy CIA section - later the office have grow bigger and busier and the cubicle maze be fill with many new face of young agent excited to be in Pakistan . sitting alone at she desk we find Maya just as she 's finish a report . she get up , cross the room and go to the desk of a young woman who remind we in she idealistic enthusiasm of the way Maya be six year ago . this be debbie . debbie hi . I painstakingly comb through everything in the system and find this . 53. she hand Maya a file . debbie ( cont 'd ) it 's he . he be one of ten name on a watch list send to we by the moroccan after 9/11 : Ibrahim sayeed . they tell we to watch out for he , apparently they think he whole family and extend family be bad and have tie to KSM . ( beat ) he be pick up for fake papers and a doctore exit visa leave Afghanistan , travel through Morocco en route to Kuwait . Abu Ahmed al - kuwaiti . this must be Abu Ahmed . maya do not matter , but I wish I have that five year ago . how come I never see it before ? debbie nobody see it , most likely . there be a lot of white noise after 9/11 , country want to help out , we get million of tip and ... ( shrug ) thing get lose in the shuffle . human error . Maya turn she attention back to the white board and as Debbie keep talk we follow Maya 's gaze across the row of mug shot of Al Qaeda personnel . while a few of the man be African or be distinctive look for other reason , most of they look fairly similar in that they be all wear the same type of clothes and have the same trademark long gnarly beard . debbie ( cont 'd ) ( pressing on ) anyway I think you should know about it . ( plus ) I just want to say I have hear a lot about you . you inspire I to come to Pakistan . Maya 's eye narrow . she keep look at the white board debbie ( cont 'd ) maybe you will let I buy you a kabob sometime ? 54 . maya ( distractedly ) do not eat out . it 's too dangerous . Maya stare at the Al quaeda mugshot - a think cross she mind . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - briefing room - night Maya on the speaker phone to Daniel . we intercut . Daniel be now a suit in langley . maya ( over speaker ) Dan , Debbie find Abu Ahmed ! daniel fuck. really ? maya ( over speaker ) he be in the file this whole time . the family name be sayeed . daniel ok , but he 's dead . so do not that make he a little less interesting to you ? maya o.s. he may not be . we now know that Abu Ahmed be one of eight brother . all the brother in the family look alike . Three of they go to Afghanistan . be not it possible that when the three eldest brother grow beard in Afghanistan , they start to look alike ? I think the one call himself Abu Ahmed be still alive . the picture we have be use be wrong . it 's of he older brother , habeeb . he 's the one that 's be dead . daniel okay , what be you base this on ? int . briefing room - continuous maya we have no intercept about Abu Ahmed die . ( more ) 55 . maya ( cont 'd ) we just have a detainee who bury somebody who look like Abu Ahmed . but if somebody as important as Abu Ahmed have die , they would be talk about it online in chat room all over the place . plus , the detainee say that habeeb die in 2001 . we know that Abu Ahmed be alive then , try to get into tora bora with ammar . that mean it 's probably one of the other brother that 's dead . daniel o.s. in other word , you want it to be true . maya yes , I fuck want it to be true . Maya slam the desk . daniel o.s. calm down . beat . maya I be calm . daniel o.s. State you request . maya move heaven and earth and bring I this fuck sayeed family 's phone number . CUT to : int . CIA headquarters , counter terrorism CENTER director - langley , VA . - day a dark ( window shade down ) executive office , where in the shadow a white american man in a nice suit be kneel on a prayer rug and say the Islamic daily prayer . Daniel wait as the man recite the prayer and press he pale forehead to the carpet . this be wolf . he be the head of the agency 's counter terrorism CENTER ( George 's boss ) . daniel as - salamu alaykum . 56 . wolf alaykum salam . daniel I need a couple hundred thousand . four max . wolf where you gonna get that ? daniel from you . wolf you think so ? daniel this could crack open the facilitator Maya 's be look for by give we a phone number . ( beat ) she 's you killer , Wolf . you put she on the field . ( recite a phrase from the koran , in Arabic , then loosely translating ) Allah reward that who strive and fight over that that sit behind a desk . wolf nod . if the blatant attempt to play on he Muslim belief bother he , he do not show it at all . wolf as you know , Abu ghraib and gitmo fuck we . the detainee program be now fly paper . we get senator jump out of we ass , and the director be very concerned . they will not stop until they have a body . there it be . the quid pro quo . there 's a reason he 's call the Wolf . Daniel consider all that he will go through if he volunteer to be the fall guy for the controversial program . daniel I run it . I will defend it . CUT to : 57 . int . kuwaiti underground hooker bar - night superimpose : kuwait CITY , kuwait Daniel and a kuwaiti business man in a suit be drink and ogling the russian girl prowling the place . after a few sip of he drink . daniel it 's good to be back in Kuwait . it 's good to see you again , it 's be awhile . the businessman do not answer . daniel ( cont 'd ) I need a favor . kuwaiti businessman why should I help you ? daniel because we be friend . kuwaiti businessman you say we be friend . how come you only call I when you need help ? but when I need something - you be too busy to pick up the phone . I do not think we be friend . daniel Fair enough . how about a v10 lamborghini ? how 's that for friendship ? ext . lamborghini dealership - kuwait CITY - night they wait while a lamborghini salesman , dishevel , clearly just awaken , unlock the door of the dealership . daniel ( to the kuwaiti businessman ) the poor fucker have to get out of bed . ( to the salesman ) as-salamu alaykum . thanks my friend . int . lamborghini dealership they step inside and the salesman flick on the light revealing shiny car display like jewel on rotate 58 . platform . while the kuwaiti businessman peer inside a silver model , Daniel confer with the salesman like he 's buy twenty of this car . daniel be this a balboni ? fuck I . this be nice . what be you think ? kuwaiti businessman I think I will choose this one . the salesman retreat to a back office . daniel that 's a nice choice , my friend . Daniel give the kuwaiti a slip of paper . kuwaiti man who be it ? daniel who do you think ? the guy 's a terrorist . his mother life here . I just need she phone number . kuwaiti man there will be no repercussion in Kuwait ? daniel somebody might die at some point in Pakistan . they shake hand . CUT to : int . server room - day superimpose : tradecraft sound graph of phone call fill the screen . we cruise through row upon row of server facility , a single monitor in front trace a call to Rawalpindi , Pakistan . CUT to : ext . islamabad embassy - third story balcony - day Maya chew on a peanut butter &amp ; jelly sandwich . Jack call she on she cell . maya hey , Jack . 59 . jack you be not gonna like this , he 's on the phone , but there 's no team to deploy right now . maya fuck . she dash out run down the hall to a exit sign - burst through the door to a staircase - int . embassy staircase - fly down the staircase - down to another floor , barge through the door - int . american embassy CIA section - security BAY - day the station 's surveillance team leader , larry , unstrap he flack vest . he look like the kind of guy you do not mess with .... so of course Maya barge into he space like a locomotive . maya how come you have not deploy a team to stay in Rawalpindi ? larry for one thing , it 's dangerous . for another , the area be too congest for we to be effective without some predictive intelligence . maya that 's why you should forward deploy - so you can shorten you response time . larry still , it would not work . maya why ? larry the guy never stay on the phone long enough . maya you have not try . larry look , I do not have the personnel . 60 . maya that 's bullshit . larry as it be , my guy do not get any sleep tracking the threat within Pakistan . Larry push past she to leave , and she follow he . maya right , I understand . but I do not really care if you guy get sleep or not . Maya look at Larry 's team sleep on the couch . int . american embassy american bar - later the conversation continue in the bar , for Maya have not relent , although the tone be softer now . she offer Larry a beer . he take it . larry this guy you be obsessed with , what 's he name again ? maya Abu Ahmed al kuwaiti be the nom de guerre . his true name , we think , be ibraheem sayeed . his family life in Kuwait . larry be not it , like , eight brother - and a million cousin - that we know about - anyone could be call home - maya I know - larry - it 's not like he 's say , " hey mom , it 's I , the terrorist . " maya over the course of two month , he 's call home from six different pay phone , from two different city , never use the same phone twice . and when he mother ask he where he be , he lie . he say that he be in a place in the country with bad cell reception -- imply he be in the tribals -- but he be in ( more ) 61 . maya ( cont 'd ) a market in peshawar . I be sorry , but that 's not normal guy behavior . that 's tradecraft . larry maybe he just do not like he mom ? ( pause ) look , if he talk about a operation , or refer to anything remotely fishy , I will get on he . okay ? maya no . not okay . look , Abu Ahmed be too smart to tip he hand by talk about op on the phone : he work for bin Laden . the guy that talk about op on the phone do not get that job . Larry look away . maya ( cont 'd ) a lot of my friend have die try to do this . ( pause ) I believe I be spare so I could finish the job . the girl be a true believer - as pure as they come . Larry look at she . her sincerity be persuasive . and just like that , he decide to help she . CUT to : int . kotli call CENTER - rawalpindi , pakistan hakim walk through a crowded call center . Larry join he from a back entrance . they look around : nothing . ext . rawal call CENTER - pakistan hakim park in front of the rawal call Center . int . rawal call CENTER - pakistan - another day the call center be arrange into two row of cubby-hole , each separate by a privacy wall . hakim search the place , find nothing . CUT to : cu tv screen : News report of the attemp NYC bombing . 62 . reporter ( o.s. ) it be in surveillance video and picture like this of the explosive - laden vehicle just moment before it be park , that police hope to find the man who want so badly last night to leave a body count in Times Square . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section cubicle hallway the tv news report continue play in the bg . Bradley be move as fast down a hallway . come towards he like a shark from the other end of the hallway : Maya . Bradley look determine not to deal with she right now , and lower he head , but she spread she arm slightly and basically block he passage through the hallway maya I really need to talk to you about beef up we surveillance operation on the caller . BRADLEY we do not have a surveillance operation on the caller . ( turn to Maya ) someone just try to blow up Times Square and you be talk to I about some facilitator who some detainee seven year ago say might have be work with Al Qaeda ? Maya be practically shaking with zealous rage at she inability to bend Bradley to she will . maya he 's the key to bin Laden . BRADLEY I do not fuck care about bin Laden . I care about the next attack . you be go to start work on american Al Qaeda cell . protect the homeland . maya bin Laden be the one who keep tell they to attack the homeland . ( more ) 63. maya ( cont 'd ) if it be not for he , Al Qaeda would still be focus on overseas target . if you really want to protect the homeland , you need to get bin Laden . BRADLEY ( angry ) this guy never meet bin Laden . this guy be a free lancer work off the fuck internet . no one have even talk to bin Laden in four year : he 's out of the game , he may well even be dead but you know what you be do ? you be chase a ghost while the whole fuck network grow all around you ! for a moment she be silence by Bradley 's reprimand but then Maya 's obsession speak for she - and like a woman possess she recklessly go at he : maya you just want I to nail some low level Mullah - crack - a- dulla so that you can check that box on you resume that say while you be in Pakistan you get a real terrorist . but the truth be you do not understand Pakistan , and you do not know Al Qaeda . either give I the team I need to follow this lead , or the other thing you be gonna have on you resume be be the first Station Chief to be call before a congressional committee for subverting the effort to capture or kill bin Laden . BRADLEY you be fuck out of you mind . maya I need four tech in a safe house in Rawalpindi and four tech in a safe house in peshawar . either send they out or send I back to DC and explain to the director why you do it . CUT to : int . american embassy american bar - night Maya , despondent , sit at the bar , drink a beer . 64 . Jack approach . jack fuck the mom , we get the man himself . Jack put a cell phone down on the counter . jack ( cont 'd ) yesterday you caller buy himself a cell phone . and every time he phone ring - ( he tap the cell phone ) - this phone will ring . do I hook you up ? Maya throw she arm around he . maya I love you ! CUT to : ext . rawalpindi - road - day Larry drive he team around the narrow street of Rawalpindi . in the backseat , the computer tech study he laptop- like tracking device . maya o.s. my guess be that he life close to where he 's make the call , and it make sense he would be live in Rawalpindi because there 's a Al jezerra office there . int . american embassy CIA section - briefing room we focus on a map of Pakistan on the wall . Maya be indicate neighborhood in Rawalpindi . she 's briefing Bradley , hakim , Larry and a few other people . maya it would be convenient for he to drop tape off if he 's send either from bin Laden or from a intermediary . when he want to make a call , he leave the house , walk a few block , then switch on the phone . we need to keep canvass the neighborhood until we find he . 65 . ext . street of rawalpindi / minivan - continuous Larry be at the wheel , move slowly through a dangerous part of town . the street narrow . two motorcycle suddenly pull around in front of Larry 's van and stop . the rider pull out gun . int . minivan - continuous larry we get a shooter ! Larry try reversing but a compact car wheel in right behind they , and Larry slam on the brake . the tech raise a m4. tech we be block . hakim let I talk to they . ext . street of rawalpindi hakim get out of the car and walk toward the man . we can not hear what they be say . at last , hakim come back to the car . int . minivan hakim they say white face do not belong here . if they do not move , shoot they . a tense beat while the man stare , then finally leave . int . U.S. embassy - islamabad - cubicle maze - day on a large wall map , Maya circle " peshawar " in red . CUT to : ext . road / highway - pakistan Larry 's suv speed onto a highway , weaving in and out of dense traffic . superimpose : peshawar , pakistan int . suv in the backseat , the Computer tech be get toss around , try to hang onto the geo locate device in he lap . the geo locator start to beep - a blink red light . 66 . computer tech he 's east of we . try the market . ext . / int . minivan the congestion thicken . they slow to a crawl . the suv , stick in traffic . can not move . Larry leap out of the car and head into a open air market - ext . OPEN AIR market - peshawar - continuous it 's pack . all men - most with traditional beard wear by Al Qaeda member - many talk on cell phone . impossible to tell who be who . impossible to find this needle in a haystack . CUT to : ext . market - late afternoon - another day the search continue ... hakim prowl a back alley . then go up on a rooftop to survey the activity below . ext . street - tipu road - later hakim be on a street corner conduct surveillance . we follow he into a crowd and then lose sight ... we find he again , another street , another fruitless search . as hakim go from street to street , we hear : jack o.s. we get a signal on tipu Road for ten minute . then he go to umar Road for five minute . nogaza Road . darya abad . that 's in the umar Road area . in Rawalpindi : haider Road , roomi Road . he go to the convoy Road , which be near the hospital . so that 's haider , roomi Road , Said , no Gaza , taimur . he make a call from haifa Street , that 's the spice district . CUT to : int . U.S. embassy - islamabad - maya' desk Jack and Maya click through the tracking map on she computer screen . 67 . jack lahore street , which be also in pesh , thirty minute . wazir bag Road , five . nishterabad , five . phandu Road , five minute , the Grand trunk Road , forty five second . there 's no pattern . sometimes he call every two week - sometimes every three - there 's no consistency - I can not predict when he 's gonna make another call because the guy 's erratic . maya do you think its intentional ? jack it might be . maybe it just look erratic to we . I just can not tell . int . maya' apartment - islamabad wearing a black burkha , Maya walk into she house and sink into the couch . she pull off the head cover but do not bother to remove the burkha . she switch on the tv . if you do not know she better , you would think she would go native . ext . american embassy STREET - islamabad find Maya drive up to a check point mobbed with protester carry sign - Joseph Bradley be a CIA spy ! kill the spy ! Bradley be CIA , etc . reporter ( o.s. ) meanwhile , we chief foreign correspondent , Richard engel , confirm the CIA 's top spy in Pakistan have be pull out of there . int . maya' car the protester have block the embassy check point . it 's go to take a long time to get through . reporter ( o.s. ) he 's be receive death threat after be name publicly in a lawsuit by the family of a victim of a U.S. drine attack . 68 . ext . maya' car several protester notice she - they move to she car and start bang on it . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - station chief' office - later Maya and Bradley and several other staffer watch the protest through a window - ext . american embassy STREET the crowd grow larger and more unruly . int . station chief' office maya ISI fuck you . I be so sorry Joseph . it 's the first time she 's address he by he first name . startle , to hear kindness in she voice . Joseph turn to reply then think better of it and walk away . CUT to : int . / ext larry minivan - street of peshawar - morning Larry 's minivan chug through the crowded market . tech still on tower three ! five. signal get stronger . ten ! Larry continue drive straight down the main road . tech ( cont 'd ) Fifteen . ten. signal 's get weaker . ( pause ) we lose he - no signal . larry head South . the van pass horse - draw cart , man on cell phone , fruit stand . the tech study he screen . 69 . tech he 's up at five again . Fifteen . twenty . ( pause ) weaker now , he 's shift . we be back to five . I do not get it . larry he 's drive in circle . Larry now drive very fast back to the main road . larry ( cont 'd ) no change ? tech no . MAIN road and now Larry stop in the middle of the market . larry let 's hope he come back around . beat . tech twenty . thirty . forty ! fifty - we be within ten meter of he . Larry scan the street - see a half dozen guy on cell phone . tech ( cont 'd ) he 's really close . larry look at the car . he 's in a vehicle . Larry spot something : larry ( cont 'd ) the guy with the phone in the white suv . they snap a photograph of a white potahar suv . larry ( cont 'd ) be that he ? tech could be . 70 . larry you get he ? tech I get he . larry I be break off - the grey minivan pull away . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - maya' cubicle - day Larry 's photograph of the white potahar suv plop on Maya 's desk . maya be this what I think it be ? larry the guy you have be look for , geo - locate on he cell phone in he white car . maya thank you ! larry if you be right , the whole world 's gonna want in on this , so you gotta stick to you gun now . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - station chief' office the new Chief of Station , tim alexander , barely look up from he desk as Maya enter . alexander ( into phone ) I be amaze that you be still here . ( look at he watch , into phone ) when can we grab lunch ? he see that Maya , who hover annoyingly over he desk , be not gonna wait . maya I need a picket line along the gt highway and man space at interval along the road and at every exit . 71 . alexander Maya , I know - maya so you agree with I now . this be important ? alexander no , I have just learn from my predecessor that life be better when I do not disagree with you . CUT to : ext . grand trunk road - pakistan - day a two lane highway . tucked on the side of the road be a old man with a cart of mango . maya ( v.o. ) we current hypothesis be that he life somewhere along the highway , in one of the town , or a medium size city call abbottabod , or up near Kashmir . ecu : mango cart . nestled among the fruit be a black radio . ext . farther down grand truck road / highway - continuous squatte in the dirt near a bus stop be another old man , watch passenger disembark from a bus . maya ( v.o. ) Kashmir be interesting because it 's a way station for the tribals . we stay with the old man for a while . at last , the white potahar suv drive past . he make a note in he pad . CUT to : ext . highway - major exit - day a nut seller , another CIA look out , scoops a handful of nut into a bag for a customer as he keep a eye on car exite the highway . he take note as the white potahar pass he . 72 . maya ( v.o. ) abbottabod be interesting because we know from detainee report that faraj stay there , briefly in 2003 . CUT to : ext . pakistani STREET - day the street be fill with compact car . maya ( v.o. ) the good news be he 's drive a white suv . suv 's be actually pretty rare in Pakistan . if he be drive a sedan or a compact , we would be fuck . CUT to : int . american embassy CIA section - maya' cubicle - night maya ( v.o. ) obviously this assume he do not change vehicle . Maya at she desk work and we realize that she have be type all this in a cable she will email to Washington . CUT to : ext . maya' apartment build - islamabad - pre dawn the building guard see Maya head out to she car . guard good morning . maya good morning , amad . Maya get in she car . the gate open . as she start pull out onto the street , suddenly a car drive up in front of she and three shooter come out and hammer Maya 's Toyota . int . maya' car - continuous - bullet spider webbing the glass as Maya slam the car into reverse - ext . maya' car - continuous - Maya 's guard start return fire , but he aim be terrible . - shooter bear down on Maya , pump bullet into she armored car . 73. the gate close , save she , at the last possible moment . int . maya' car - continuous Maya shake inside she vehicle . maya ( pre - lap ) ( protesting ) any american in Pakistan be a target , they do not necessarily know I be CIA . CUT to int . american embassy station chief' office - islamabad - morning alexander do not matter . you be on a list . next time there might not be bulletproof glass to save you . maya yeah . alexander and you , of all people , should know that once you be on they list , you never get off . ( pause ) we will keep up on the surveillance , as best we can . CUT to : ext . residential neighborhood - abbottabad , pakistan - day hakim pace on a street as the potahar we have be follow drive past he . hakim watch the vehicle enter a gated compound . CUT to : int . CIA headquarters predator BAY - langley - evening the langley predator Bay be a impressive sight , a command center bristle with high - tech equipment . the room be fill with technician . George be in the center , where he belong , direct traffic . people come up and give he new piece of information . the big screen display a single image : the overhead satellite image of the compound in abbottabod . 74 . superimpose : predator BAY - CIA headquarters from the back of the room , Maya enter , and watch the activity unfold without she ... without she input . George notice she , give a thumb up and then turn back to he troops . steve , early 40s , a senior manager and one of George 's top deputy , join Maya . steve basically we have a guy who roll with Al Qaeda and do service for they . we lose he for seven year and now we find he again -- and boy do he have a really nice house . be that it ? maya pretty much . steve okay , let 's go talk to the boss . CUT to : int . langley briefing room Maya and Steve be the first to arrive in the wood panell conference room . a detailed table top model of the compound sit in the center of the conference table , right next to a poster - size satellite image of the compound . she start to sit in one of the chair . steve ( gentle ) you should sit back there ... sorry . Steve point she to the back of the room . steve ( cont 'd ) they be gonna ask : if bin Laden be at the end of this rainbow - be the pak military with he ? maya the question be not be the pak protect bin Laden ? ' ( more ) 75 . maya ( cont 'd ) the question be , ' would he allow himself to be protect by the pak ? ' I mean , why would he trust they ? he try to kill musharaf . Steve consider a reply , but the meeting principal be filing in , include Daniel , and when Steve see the CIA director enter the room , he clear the head of the table . CIA director go ahead . steve if you take a right out of Islamabad and drive about forty - five minute North , you will find yourself here in abbottabad . a middle class community - some ex-military - not particularly interesting to we . except we do find this compound , which be unique . we get a sixteen foot wall around the entire perimeter , the window be black out . it 's a fortress . CIA director can not you put a camera somewhere - in the tree - to get a look into the main house ? GEORGE it will probably be discover . CIA director we have to get a look into the house . the director move to the satellite image . CIA director ( cont 'd ) alright , what 's this ? this cluster of building down here . GEORGE the PMA - the Pakistan military Academy . it 's they West Point . CIA director and how close be that to the house ? GEORGE about a mile . a woman be voice from the back of the room . 76 . maya o.s. 4,221 foot . it 's closer to eight - tenth of a mile . CIA director who be you ? maya I be the motherfucker that find this place , sir. the boss study she for a moment then turn back to the model . CIA director I want to know more about who 's inside this house by the end of the week . the brass file out , leave Steve and Maya . steve " motherfucker ? " really ? CUT to : int . CIA headquarters - af / pak division - day Maya sit at she desk , frustrated , then walk down the aisle of cubicle to the glass wall of George 's office . she grab a red marker . maya ( through the glass ) Morning , George . in red magic marker , Maya write the number 21 on the glass . then circle it . George look up . maya ( cont 'd ) twenty - one day . it 's be twenty - one day since we find the house and nothing 's happen ! int . CIA headquarters - predator BAY - night we see a drine - feed overhead image of the bin Laden house in real time with a resolution of 100 foot . Maya stare at the screen , try to decipher the shape move beneath she , thousand of mile away . 77 . the blip move in increment , shadow lengthen . CUT to : int . CIA headquarters - af / pak division - day ecu - Maya erase the " 51 " on George 's wall and replace it with " 52 . " George look away . int . CIA headquarters maya' desk - later Maya sit at she desk . her phone ring . maya ( into phone ) yeah ? int . CIA headquarters - predator BAY steve stare at drine image of the compound , which be under the joystick control of a imagery technician . steve swing by , I want to show you something . int . CIA headquarters maya' desk Maya jump up from she desk . int . CIA headquarters - predator BAY - moment later Maya walk in . Steve show she image on the large monitor . steve this be from a few minute ago . we have get two male , two female , and seven kid . Maya point to one of the shape in the courtyard . maya who 's that ? steve I be say that 's bushra . the brother 's wife . maya how do you know the gender ? 78 . steve ( point on screen , to a thin line ) this be a clothes - line here , for laundry . Men do not mess with the wash . we watch that shape move away from the clothes - line and back to the house . steve ( cont 'd ) it take she about four second to move from there to the front door . so she 's on the older side . maya what 's that up there ? ( point to the other shape ) steve that be kid . they be shuffle around , sword - fight or something with stick . ( pointing again ) you can see they height relative to this - this be cow - so they be probably between seven and nine . boy . another figure come out of the house and move to the clothes - line and grab some laundry . maya you female be move fast . steve that 's what I want to show you . ( to the imagery technician ) can we pause this please ? ( to maya ) that 's not the same lady . that 's female # 3. maya so you find two male , three female ? steve that 's correct . Maya suddenly get it . 79 . maya you be miss a male . steve yes we be . maya wow . int . white house - national security council s.c.i.f. - continuous George be on one side of a conference table , on the other side be the deputy national security advisor , the special assistant to the deputy national security advisor , and the national security advisor . GEORGE if there be three female , there ought to be three male . observant Muslim woman either live with parent or with they husband . we think there 's a third family live in the house . superimpose : situation room - the white house national security advisor so this third male that you have identify as possibly be bin Laden , do I just give up all hope of ever see a photograph of he ? GEORGE hope ? hope be not a target layer . you give up you hope right now . we scan for heat signature , but we can not validate if it 's a man or a woman up there . we find a safe house , but we can not get a vantage point to fire a telescope over the balcony wall . ext . compound - abbottabad - morning a doctor come to the compound offer immunization . one of the woman let 's he in , and he offer polio vaccine to the child . GEORGE we talk about burrow a pin hole camera but there 's a high risk of discovery . ( more ) 80 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) we have explore the possibility of digging tunnel , of send hot air balloon , of re-rout supply C - 130' to take a peek , but that might be too alert . we have look for way of collect available DNA from he trash - you know , look for he toothbrush , but they burn the trash . we start a vaccination program , we send a doctor to the house , to see if he could pull blood . a lady in a black burkha rush out and angrily shoos the doctor away . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) that do not work out . we think about send a guy with a bucket to pull a sample from the sewer to analyze he fecal matter . special assistant to the advisor what be wrong with that , exactly ? he look up . GEORGE what be wrong with that ? the sample would be too dilute . national security advisor and it 's ask too much to get a voice confirmation with he on the phone ? GEORGE they do not make telephone call from the compound . we pull the cell tower nearby . national security advisor and I be also go to give up hope that he might ever get in that white suv and drive around a bit and we could see he ? do not they get grocery . GEORGE the unidentified third male do not get grocery . he do not leave the compound . he do not present himself for photograph . ( more ) 81 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) when he need fresh air , he pace around beneath a grape arbor , but the leave be so thick they obscure we satellite view . this be a professional attempt to avoid detection - real tradecraft . the only people we have see behave this way be other top level Al Qaeda operative . the National Security advisor nod to he special Assistant who slide a big folder across he desk to George . national security advisor we do a Red team on you analysis . accord to they , this behavior could belong to someone other than Al Qaeda . deputy national security advisor they do give a forty percent chance that the unidentified third man be a senior Al Qaeda operative . but they also say there 's a thirty - five percent chance he 's a Saudi drug dealer ( read from the binder ) a fifteen percent chance that he 's a kuwaiti arm smuggler , a ten percent chance that he 's one of the relative of the brother . special assistant to the advisor basically , we agree with you , the house scream security , it scream someone who want privacy , it even scream ' bad guy ' , but it do not scream bin Laden . national security advisor you get the point . ( beat ) if you can not prove it 's bin Laden , at least prove it 's not somebody else , like a drug dealer . beat . the meeting be adjourned . as they walk out -- 82. GEORGE you know we lose we ability to prove that when we lose the detainee program . ( beat ) who the hell be I suppose to ask ? some guy in gitmo who be all lawyer up ? he will just tell he lawyer to warn bin Laden . national security advisor you will think of something . CUT to : int . CIA headquarters - af / pak division - day Maya be back at George 's office , keep track of time for we by write each pass day on the window of George 's office . we watch as she erase the number in red and write new one . 78 . time pass . 98 . 99 . 100 . 100 day . she underscore the numeral in thick magic marker . CUT to : int . white house - national security council s.c.i.f. - day the same group around the same conference table . GEORGE he would be the first successful drug dealer never to have deal drug . he have no internet access to the house . he make no phone call either in or out . who 's he sell to , who 's he buy from , how 's he make he money ? and if you be go to say he 's retire , I would say where 's he swim pool , where 's the gold cage with the falcon ? and why do he send he courier to the two city in Pakistan we most associate with Al Qaeda , that have nothing particularly to do with heroin production ? the National Security advisor tap he pencil impatiently . 83. national security advisor the President be a thoughtful , analytical guy . he need proof . CUT to : int . white house hallway the National Security advisor and he team file out . George approach . GEORGE I have to admit , I just do not get the rhythm of politics . national security advisor you think this be political ? if this be political we would be have this conversation in October when there 's a election bump . this be pure risk . base on deductive reason , inference , supposition and the only human report you have be six year old , from detainee who be question under duress . the political move here be to tell you to go fuck yourself , and remind you that I be in the room when you old boss pitch WMD Iraq ... at least there you guy bring photograph . GEORGE you know , you be right , I agree with everything you just say . what I mean be , a man in you position , how do you evaluate the risk of not do something , the risk of potentially let bin Laden slip through you finger ? George shake he head with a " aww shuck " kind of shake . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) that be a fascinating question . George walk away . after a beat , the National Security advisor call after he . national security advisor hey . George turn around . the National Security advisor approach he . 84 . national security advisor ( cont 'd ) ( lowering he voice ) I be not say we be gonna do it . but the President want to know : if we be go to act , how would we do it ? give we option . CUT to : ext . AIR force base - airplane hangar - day superimpose : area 51 - southern nevada Doors of a hangar open in front of a large crowd that include several White House guy , a General , and a squadron of navy seal , include patrick , justin , jare , saber , two soar pilot , and some member of the af - pak department , George , Daniel , hakim , and of course , Maya . the door grind open to reveal : two stealth blackhawks general I actually try to kill this program a couple of time . they have go through a initial round of testing , and they have excellent radar defeat - we just have not test they with people in they yet . the General continue he briefing .. general ( cont 'd ) you will notice this stealth panel similar to what we use on the b2 - ( point to the rotor ) - the rotor have be muffle with decibel killer - it 's slower than a blackhawk and lack the offense . but it can hide . justin Excuse I . can I ask a question ? what do we need this for in Libya ? gaddafi 's anti-air be virtually non - existent . Maya look over , not sure what to say . GEORGE gentlemen , can I have you attention ? my name be George . I run the af - pak division at ctc , and I be primary on this for the agency . this be a title fifty operation . ( more ) 85 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) some of we have work together before . this be a good one . Maya , do you want to brief they ? Maya look at the seal . fold she arm . this be not go to be easy . maya there be two narrative about the location of Osama bin Laden . this register on the seal . maya ( cont 'd ) the one that you be most familiar with be that ubl be hide in a cave in the tribal area , that he 's surround by a large contingent of loyal fighter . beat . maya ( cont 'd ) but that narrative be pre - 9/11 understanding of ubl . the second narrative be that he 's live in a city - live in a city with multiple point of egress and entry and with access to communication so that he can keep in touch with the organization . you can not run a global network of inter - connect cell from a cave . beat . maya ( cont 'd ) we have locate a individual we believe base on detainee report be bin Laden 's courier . he 's live in a house in abbottabod , Pakistan . and we assess that one of the other occupant of the house be ubl . justin Excuse I . you get a intel source on the ground ? maya no . 86 . justin no ? okay , so how do you know it 's bin Laden ? we have be on this op before , you know . maya Bin Laden use a courier to interact with the outside world . by locating the courier , we have locate bin Laden . patrick that 's really the intel ? that 's it ? maya quite frankly , I do not even want to use you guy , with you dip and you velcro and all you gear bullshit . I want to drop a bomb but people do not believe in this lead enough to drop a bomb , so they be use you guy as canary on the theory that if bin Laden be not there , you can sneak away and no one will be the wiser . ( beat ) but bin Laden be there - and you be go to kill he for I . patrick ( softening ) bullet be cheap . CUT to : int . CIA headquarters - george' office - day George be shaking he head as he talk to Wolf . GEORGE they be nervous downtown . I do not think we will get approval this decision cycle . they look up and notice that Maya be stand outside George 's office stare at they through the glass . she angrily wipe the number 128 off the window and change it to 129 . Wolf nod . wolf it 's she against the world . 87 . GEORGE oh yeah . CUT to : int . CIA headquarters - cafeteria - day George be pull he tray away from the food service court when Maya ambush he . maya we have spun up the seal - we have do everything humanly possible to collect on the compound , and the collection be not go to get any better . GEORGE we have to keep work it . maya you be go to come into work one day , and there 's go to be a black move van and a ' for sale ' sign in front of that compound . George drop he tray down . GEORGE Maya , you do not prove it . int . CIA headquarters - 7th floor - conference room - day sitting around the table be the CIA director , jeremy , Wolf , the deputy director , George , Daniel , Steve and a few other people we do not know . at the far end of the table be back bencher , include Maya . CIA director I be about to go look the President in the eye and what I would like to know , no fuck bullshit , be where everyone stand on this thing . now , very simply . be he there or be he not fuck there ? he look to the deputy director . deputy director we all come at this through the filter of we own past experience . I remember Iraq WMD very clearly , I fronted that and I can tell you the case for that be much stronger than this case . 88. CIA director yes or no . deputy director we do not deal in certainty , we deal in probability . I would say there 's a sixty percent probability he 's there . the CIA director point to Wolf . wolf I concur . sixty percent . GEORGE I be at eighty percent . they opsec be what convince I . CIA director you guy ever agree on anything ? daniel well , I agree with sixty , we be base this mostly on detainee report and I spend a bunch of time in that room - who know ? Maya shoot Daniel a look . what a traitor . daniel ( cont 'd ) I would say it 's a soft sixty , sir . I be virtually certain there 's some high value target there , I be just not sure it 's bin Laden . the CIA director lean back in he chair . CIA director this be a cluster - fuck , be not it ? jeremy I would like to know what Maya think . deputy director we be all incorporate she assessment into ours . Maya can not take it anymore : maya one hundred percent , he 's there - okay , fine , ninety - five percent because I know certainty freak you guy out - but it 's a hundred ! 89 . int . CIA headquarters - 7th floor - hallway the CIA director walk with Jeremy towards the elevator . CIA director they be all cow . what do you think of the girl ? jeremy I think she 's fuck smart . as the door close . CIA director we be all smart , Jeremy . int . langely cafeteria Maya be eat lunch by herself when she 's startle to see the CIA director stand by she table . CIA director May I join you ? she nod , gulp . CIA director ( cont 'd ) ( sitting ) how long have you work for the CIA ? maya twelve year . I be recruit out of high school . CIA director do you know why we do that ? maya I do not think I can answer that question , sir . I do not think I be allow to answer . CIA director what else have you do for we besides bin Laden ? maya nothing . I have do nothing else . he evaluate she ... weigh she certainty against he decade of Washington experience . 90 . CIA director well , you certainly have a flare for it . fade to black : superimpose : the canary ext . jalalabad forward operating base - afghanistan - day Jalalabad airfield : nestle against the rugge mountain of the Pakistan border . superimpose : forward operating base - jalalabad , afghanistan - may 1 , 2011 everything in motion , soldier , contractor , aviation asset , patrol come and go . ext . jalalabad forward operating base - afternoon Patrick and Justin be play horseshoe . Maya , happy for the first time since we have meet she , watch they justin so , Patrick , be honest with I . you really believe this story ? ( to maya ) no offense . patrick I do . justin what part convinced you ? Patrick motion to Maya . patrick her confidence . Maya smile , laugh . justin really ? okay . that 's the kind of concrete data point I be look for . he shake he head . justin ( cont 'd ) if she confidence be the one thing that 's keep I from get ass - rape in a pakistani prison ... I do not know . I be gonna be honest with you though , I guess I be cool with it . 91 . they bump fist , laugh . Maya 's cell phone ring . she move aside to answer it . we intercut with George in he langley office . GEORGE Maya , I want you to hear it first . you know that thing we talk about ? it 's go to happen . maya when ? GEORGE tonight . good luck . she hang up , turn back to the seal , who be still play horseshoe with the grace of young guy in they prime . they life be in she hand . CUT to : int . assault command CENTER - jalalabad forward operating base - day the small space be fill with personnel and telecommunication gear . at the back of the room Maya sit quietly , adjust a headset and speak calmly into a secure line . from the corner hakim watch she . maya test - testing 1 - 2 - 3 - a seal with he com set on give she the thumb up . she look around at all the impressive technology in the makeshift Command Center . she walk over to hakim and they leave together . ext . jalalabad forward operating base - dusk maya thank you for come with I . hakim of course . I will go with you where ever you want . a few hundred foot in front of they they can see seal prepare they gear . maya fuck hakim , what if I be wrong ? ( more ) 92 . maya ( cont 'd ) I wish we could have just drop a bomb . hakim please do not drop it while we be in the house . maya I be serious . hakim I too . do not drop anything while I be inside . off she anxious smile -- CUT to : ext . forward operating base jalalabad , afghanistan - outer lz - night blind white light - rig to chain link fencing , like a space shuttle launch - silhouett shape behind the light and the thump - thump - thump SOUND of high - dollar helicopter - now push through the glare and the fence into - ext . forward operating base jalalabad , afghanistan - inner lz a top-secret lz . where twenty - two seal in full battle rattle and a attack dog load into two stealth blackhawk helicopter move fast , wordlessly , load weapon and gear - under the intense bright white light , then - - Doors slam , engine whine - fifty yard away , Maya stand alone , look on . - and the helo rise above the light and disappear into the night . int . stealth blackhawk helicopter - prince 52 - pilot' cabin hand feather the control as the pilot -- one the fame nightstalker 's from the special Operations Aviation regiment ( soar ) 160th -- fly without light , use only he nod for night vision . 93. ext . stealth blackhawk helicopter prince 51 and prince 52 Flying in formation , barely visible in the moonless sky , no fly light . the helos near the tora bora mountain range : dimly visible bulk rise in front of the helos . int . prince 51 - cabin the seal gently bounce inside the belly of the churn beast . prince 51 pilot thirty second to first turn . jare hey Justin , what be you listen to ? justin tony robbin . jare tony robbin ? justin you should listen to it . I get plan for after this . I want to talk to you guy about it . it 's not sell . you become a representative . everyone chuckle . prince 51 CO - pilot hard leave . ext . prince 51 and prince 52 - flying in formation the stealths take a sharp turn . skim the mountain . patrick who here 's be in a helo crash before ? everyone raise they hand . patrick ( cont 'd ) okay , so we be all good . CUT to : 94 . int . assault command CENTER - jalalabad forward operating base - evening technician track the helos on a array of computer screen . prince 52 pilot ( over radio ) now enter Pakistan . Maya be here , too , work . she 's always work . maya ( into headset ) pakistani com , no chatter . ext . tora bora mountain - later find the helicopter navigate tight mountain pass . note : throughout the fly sequence that follow the helicopter fly very close to the ground , with a margin of error less then twenty foot . CUT to : pilot Pov : the terrain zoom by as we travel through a twisty mountain pass - - loom straight ahead on a collision course be a giant mountain . they zoom closer . we can see individual rock now - int . prince 51 prince 51 pilot ( into radio ) Big leave ! ext . tora bora mountain second before impact , the helicopter bank into a hard leave turn . dust blow off the mountain . CUT to : int . prince 51 - later the dog pant - sit in its handler 's lap in the dim cabin - pilot ten minute . CUT to : 95 . int . prince 51 - later pilot Three mike to target . standby for door open . Inside the dim interior , illuminate by only blink instrumentation , the man be tense , quiet . we pass slowly from face to face , note each seal 's contemplation of the mission that lie ahead . some of they be anonymous soldier . many we have come to know : Justin , joyfully bob he head , groove to he ipod ... saber 's eye fix on a thousand - yard stare ... hakim struggle to get comfortable and control he anxiety , wipe away sweat ... Patrick check he gear for the hundredth time . co- pilot two minute . ext . stealth blackhawks - prince 51 and prince 52 - outside : darkness .... just a thump thump thump ... and then we see they : fly in tight formation , the oddly rectangular helos , with they black stealth panel and sharp edge , like two alien spaceship advance . int . ext stealth blackhawk - night pilot ( over intercom ) should be come up just off we nose , 3 o'clock . everyone grab onto they gear , get ready to fast rope . door Patrick fling open the side door . night wind rush in - ext . abbottabad , pakistan - night small cottage mix in with larger suburban home . among they , swim pool . the water shimmer . surreal . then : row of green field . a stand of tree . it appear : ac 1 . it be massive - six or seven time larger than any other nearby structure - with sixteen foot high wall and a gated interior . a fortress . 96 . int . prince 51 - continuous pilot thirty second . Patrick lean out for a visual as the wind rip he face - ext . prince 51 and prince 52 the helos circle the compound , kick up dust , and begin to descend . int . / ext . stealth blackhawk helicopter prince 51 - night Cross cut all that follow : - at thirty foot above the ground the helicopter begin to shudder and lose stability . instead of descend in a straight path , the bird drift sideways patrick ( shouting to pilot ) hey ! slide right . - then lurch down , fall to within 15 foot of the swirl ground , rotor churn the dust , create near brownout condition , a dust hurricane int . prince 51 cu : Pilot finess the control - not good enough prince 51 pilot power ! ext . compound - night ecu : rear rotor blade edging closer to the wall , inch by inch . -- engine strain loudly in the thin , hot air -- the bird lose control , spin to a hard landing int . prince 51 ecu : Pilot thrust stick ext . compound -- tail crash hard on the wall , in a awful screech of twist metal and shear concrete - 97 . int . prince 51 -- toss the man inside the helo around like rag doll . CUT to : int . assault command CENTER - jalalabad forward operating base - evening the command tent watch the helicopter crash . prince 52 pilot ( o.s. ) Prince 51 be down . blackhawk down in the animal pen . Maya stand , crestfallen . ext . helo crash the dust settles to reveal ... a twisted wreck . prince 51 have crash land into a precarious position , with the back half of the helicopter wedge into the top of the wall and the front of it in the ground , leave the passenger inside suspend more then ten foot off the ground . int . / ext . prince 51 although he 's wear a heavy pack and carry gear , Patrick jump down , landing with a knee-shatter combat roll . several seal follow he . ext . inner courtyard Patrick pull out of he roll and turn around to face the house , loom ominously ahead of he . int . assault command CENTER - jalalabad forward operating base - evening prince 52 pilot ( over radio ) this mission be still a go . off Maya 's relief - int . / ext . prince 52 - continuous the second helo pass over but a storm of debris and garbage from the rooftop create another flight risk and the helo bank away . CUT to : 98 . ext . compound - first gate Patrick , Justin and six other seal cluster near the first Gate in the animal pen . one of the seal place a charge on the gate , while other check the prayer room . boom ! the charge partially blow open the metal swing door of the gate , leave a very narrow gap . not ideal . the seal muscle and squeeze they way through the narrow open in the jag metal as the sniper climb up on the roof of the prayer room . ext . guest house - night Patrick and Jared arrive at the guest house but can not see inside - the window and door be cover with sheet . Patrick kneel down to place a charge at the front door handle when the door erupt with gunfire - bullet fly out of the wooden door . one skim Patrick 's shoulder as he kneel lower . Patrick fire back at the house , put a dozen round inside . a moment pass . they wait for a response . the door handle unlock . abu ahmed' wife appear at the doorway and walk out . jare ir- fah ee-dek ! abu ahmed' wife ( in english ) you kill he . int . guest house - continuous the seal peer inside and see abu ahmed lie dead in a pool of blood . Patrick and Jared pump safety round into the body . four kide be cower in the corner . Jared move they out of the house . ext . compound - diego corridor - continuous the rest of the p51 seal breach a gate to the courtyard of the Main House . the gate fly open in a fiery ball . CUT to : 99 . ext . compound wall outside MAIN gate - continuous seal jump out of p52 , rush to the outer wall and set breach charge on a gate ... while hakim , the dog handler , and another seal peel off down the block saber and he team stand by as boom !!! , the gate charge go off ... only to reveal a brick wall behind the gate . saber that 's not a door . seal fail breach . they hustle to the next entry way and prepare another breach CUT to : ext . MAIN house - courtyard the commanding officer hear that the seal outside be prepare a charge . seal mike radio in seal mike ( o.s. ) ( into radio ) this be echo 11 , we be go to breach the main gate . commanding officer ( into radio ) negative . I be internal , I will let you in . the command Officer open the gate and the other seal walk inside . as a group , they move towards the main house , arrive at the South side front door . the door be open and they enter - int . MAIN house first floor - continuous pierce the first floor darkness with they infra red light , the seal advance slowly into the first floor hallway . pile of household clutter , stack high in bizarre shape , greet they like the innard of a haunt house . one of the seal 's catch movement : a figure with a AK - 47 scramble through clutter , then disappear around a corner . justin abrar ! the figure , Abu Ahmed 's brother , abrar , re-appear at the end of the hallway . he poke he head out - 100 . - and be shot by Justin . he fall out of view , whimper in pain . int . MAIN house - first floor hallway - continuous Justin walk quickly to abrar . int . MAIN house - first floor side room - continuous abrar be down , bleed . - Justin fire another round into abrar as abrar' wife come fly in from the sleep quarter and shield he with she body . - Justin shoot she . she fall ... abrar be underneath she - he be still breathe , gasp and - Justin shoot he again , silencing he - then look to he wife and assess she condition - badly wounded , faint breathe , life fade from she eye ... - Justin turn away int . MAIN house - first floor hallway - continuous Justin and a breacher proceed down the hall to the heavy gate that block access to the stairway while another seal stay behind . somewhere , child be scream . justin shut that fuck kid up . o.s. the kid quiet down . justin ( cont 'd ) talk to I . breacher there 's no fuck way we want to blow this thing . the gate be solid . mike ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) this be echo 11 - we be at we primary set point , prepping to breach . justin ( into radio ) wait , echo 11 - we be internal on the south side - this be a negative breach . 101 . mike ( over radio ) Roger . we be ready to make we entry out here . justin ( into radio ) Roger that , we be come to meet you . ( to the breacher ) stay with this kid . do not let they in the back room . CUT to : ext . MAIN house - a moment later in the regroup that occur on the side of the main house , Justin and Patrick find themselves side by side - and the old friend take a moment to reconnect while the rest of the team place charge and prepare for the next phase of the assault . patrick ( quietly ) you good ? justin yeah . I forget ... be we suppose to crash that helo ? Patrick allow himself a smile . patrick Ibrahim try to shoot I through the door . I pop he from the outside . justin I fuck smoke abrar and he wife . ( shifting tone ) ( alt : I think she be pregnant ) patrick still alive ? justin she 's gonna bleed out . patrick what a fuckin ' mess - the door blow - and they keep move - 102 . int . MAIN house - first floor hallway - continuous the seal reach the staircase , which be seal off by a separate metal gate than the one inside the hallway . seal breacher up . a charge be prepare . Justin , who be now inside one of the side room , see Jared stand close to the door . justin hey man , move ! Jared move just as - ext . MAIN house first floor hallway - continuous - boooom ! -- the door fly like a missile right into where Jared have be stand . jare ( to justin ) thanks . justin yeah . CUT to : int . MAIN house - staircase to second floor - continuous saber go up the staircase , Patrick follow closely behind he , climb up to see - int . MAIN house - second floor - continuous a man duck out of sight . saber call to he . saber Khaled ! saber wait with he carbine raise . anxiety cross he face . he 's vulnerable here , a easy target if Khaled be to come out blast . saber ( cont 'd ) khale ! CUT to : 103 . int . second floor hallway Khaled hear he name be call from below . a few foot away from he in the dimly light hall be a load AK - 47 . he go to the gun and pick it up . he hear he name again , " Khaled ! " and the voice sound friendly , urgent . perhaps think that he can surrender peacefully , Khaled put the gun down , rest it against a wall , and turn and head back to the sound of he name . saber see Khaled poke he head around the corner of the stairway and fire - kill he instantly . saber push past the body , Patrick follow , and they climb the staircase lead to the third floor . CUT to : ext . compound - STREET the neighborhood , awaken by the crash and gunfire , stir to life . hakim and the seal notice light flipping on . and down the block , a group of several young man appear on a roof . seal ( raise he weapon ) this be echo 05 , I have get unknown gather on the Southwest rooftop . hakim , move that guy back . hakim ( speak in pashto ) go back brother , this be official government business , and there be nothing to see here !! seal I be go to start waste they . hakim please ! they will kill you ! the onlooker pause . seal aim laser dance across they chest . hakim ( cont 'd ) they will kill you ! they turn and go . 104 . int . MAIN house - second floor - hallway - seal clear the second floor as woman and child flow into the hallway ... a seal grab one of the wife and pull she out into the hallway , while another female disappear behind a large refrigerator , and he grab she too . int . media room - second floor - continuous Justin open a file cabinet , stuff with document . int . MAIN house second to third floor stairway saber be climb the stair , gun up , towards the third floor , when he see a flash of movement across the landing above he . he stop climb and - saber ( calling out ) Osama ! Osama !? beat . beat . sweat on saber 's face saber ( cont 'd ) Osama !? a man appear at the end of the third floor hallway . -- ssssht ! a bullet strike he in the head - knock he back into a bedroom - saber fire again , miss - and proceed down the hallway , go full speed now , Patrick right behind he , sprinting into the bedroom int . MAIN house osama' live quarter two woman stand at the entrance of the room . saber rush they and with a football tackle , slam they into the wall . Patrick enter the room and fire several round into the man on the floor . patrick ( into radio ) possible jackpot . the woman saber be restrain be wail , struggle to get to they husband , as a ten year - old boy rush up to the body . 105 . Patrick push he away and kneel down to get a better look at the body . patrick ( cont 'd ) ( to saber ) dude , do you realize what you just do ? CUT to : int . MAIN house - third floor room - hallway jare question the wife . jare ( in arabic ) who be he ? woman he be al noori hasan . jare ( shouting back to patrick ) she say it 's not he . patrick talk to a kid . Jared kneel down next to a nine year - old girl huddle in the corner and snap open a chem light . he give she the glow green wand . jare ( in arabic ) daughter , what be he name ? the girl make no reply . CUT to : int . assault command CENTER - jalalabad forward operating base - evening commanding officer ( o.s. ) ( through the radio ) for God and country , geronimo . Maya gasp . ext . diego corridor - continuous the command Officer issue order . 106 . commanding officer ( into radio ) all station : target secure , target secure . int . third floor - master bedroom patrick ( into radio ) Roger . copy . target secure . commanding officer ( o.s. ) target secure - commence sse . int . second floor - media room Justin flick on the light . move fast he pick up a computer tower and throw it to the floor , crack it open , rip out the hard drive and toss that into the bag . as we pull back and realize the enormity of the task in front of he - the light show a organize office , cramme with information , stack of file , disk , video equipment . twenty year of jihad . justin ( to he team ) do not leave a hard drive . the seal gather everything they can . int . MAIN house - third to second floor stairway saber walk down the staircase in a daze . we stay with he as he descend , note the faraway look in he eye - int . MAIN house - second floor - media room saber walk into the office where the sse ( sensitive sight exploitation ) be underway . justin ( to saber ) what 's up ? saber I shot the third floor guy . justin good for you . you want to help ? 107 . Justin toss he a sse bag . CUT to : int . assault command CENTER - jalalabad forward operating base - evening the command team study they monitor . prince 52 pilot o.s. ( over radio ) qrf inbound . CUT to : ext . diego corridor the commanding officer be talk on two radio at once - one to he man , the other to brass back at Jalalabad base . commanding officer ( into radio ) echo 05 , this be Red 02 , how long do you need for sse ? int . second floor - media room justin ( into radio ) at least ten minute . ext . diego corridor commanding officer ( into radio ) you have four . int . second floor - media room justin ( into radio ) this be a gold mine , I need more time than that . ext . diego corridor commanding officer ( into radio ) if you be not at the lz in four , I be go to leave you ass behind . int . second floor - media room Justin yell to he team . 108 . justin four minute ! CUT to : ext . helo crash hakim arrive at the crash helo . he crawl into the interior and find a black body bag . we follow this bag : int . MAIN house first floor hakim jog into the main house with the body bag , and through he Pov , we see slow down for the first time since the raid begin , note the destruction : - blood stain on the wall , - body pierce with bullet , - wailing child . hakim ( into com ) where do you need the bag ? seal ( o.s. ) third floor . CUT to : int . third floor - master bedroom seal roll the body into the bag as Patrick and another seal collect article of interest . two seal zip up the bag and carry it out . just as ... int . media room - second floor Justin 's team leave the office . ext . MAIN courtyard - a moment later the body bag be laid in the courtyard . ext . helo crash - continuous the eod seal slide into the belly of Prince 51 . while he place charge , another seal climb up to affix charge to the roof and rotor ... and like a tight roper , he walk out on the tail of the helicopter , when suddenly he foot slip , pierce the tail 's thin skin , and he nearly fall off . he manage to place a last charge - but the remainder of the tail piece will not be detonate . 109 . ext . compound - potato field back at the whirling helicopter , the seal shove the body bag into the interior compartment and jump in after it . the helo rise into the night . CUT to : ext . helo crash - continuous prince 51 explode , send shrapnel and a fireball high into the air ext. / int prince 52 - continuous the seal watch the flame as the compound shrink beneath they ext . compound - animal pen - continuous the fire of the explode crash helo blaze in the night . int . prince 52 - a moment later the seal sit silent in the cabin , body bag at they foot . CUT to : ext . landing zone - jalalabad forward operating base - later bath in the bright white light , Maya wait for the helo . concern on she face . at last , she hear it . a moment later , prince 52 hover into view and land . Patrick and several seal run out , carry the bag ... int . hangar the place be swarm with soldier , seal , and FBI agent with large bio-metric scanner - loud shouting everywhere : " mark media , first floor , who have a pen , etc . " ext . landing zone Maya make she way towards the hangar tent . int . hangar she push through the busy seal . Maya see it now - way in the corner of the hangar . 110 . she walk and walk towards the bag . she be alone with it now . she unzip the bag cu : Maya . Seven year telescoping to this moment . the end of a journey . she stare at the body for a moment then turn to look across the room where admiral mcraven meet she eye . she nod . admiral mcraven ( into phone ) Sir , the agency expert give a visual confirmation . yes , Sir , the girl . hundre percent . Maya gaze at the bloody face , then turn away and zip the bag ... and leave the tent . her eye afire . CUT to : ext . jalalabad airstrip - early dawn Maya wait on the tarmac , alone . a C - 17 , one of the large most impressive plane in the american fleet , roll to a stop and the hatch open . she climb the ladder - int . C - 17 - continuous the cavernous cargo plane be empty of passenger . the pilot motion to the seat . pilot be you Maya ? maya yeah . pilot that 's the only name they give I . ( odd ) you can sit wherever you want , you be the only one on the manifest . 111 . Maya sit down , buckle in . the pilot head back to the cabin pilot ( cont 'd ) you must be pretty important , you get the whole plane to yourself ! beat . pilot ( cont 'd ) where do you want to go ? she 's speechless . overwhelm . finally , she let go . that luminous eye become pool of relief and pain . CUT to : black