chronicle by Jamie vanderbilt base on the book " Zodiac " and " Zodiac unmask " by Robert graysmith White shoot script 8/15/05 full Blue script 9/9/05 pink revision 9/20/05 yellow revision 9/30/05 Green revision 10/4/05 goldenrod revision 10/26/05 buff revision 10/31/05 salmon revision 11/29/05 cherry revision 1/25/06 Tan revision 1/29/06 White 2 revision 2/20/06 Blue 2 revision 6/26/06 pink 2 revision 6/29/06 yellow 2 revision 7/5/06 final shoot script final shoot script 1 . fade in : int . corvair -- night we camera be mounted to a car window . driving through a small town at night . pass white picket fence . kid ' discard big wheel . american flag flutter . July 4th , 1969 - summer of Love . vallejo , California firework streak into the sky . cookout wind down . the car slow . stop in front of a house on beechwood Avenue . the driver honk . mike mageau race out . skinny at 19 . run up to the window . to the camera : mike where have you be ? I have be wait since seven . at the wheel be darlene ferrin , 22 , clad in a white and blue jumpsuit . Fake eyelash and brace make she look like 17 . darlene ( good nature ) get in , I be starve . I have not eat in like twenty four hour . mike let I drive , then . darlene no way , Jose . I have to pick up firework for the party tonight . food first though . Mike do not move - he want to drive . darlene ( cont 'd ) you come or not ? ext . mr. ed' -- night boom down to see a local vallejo teen hangout . although the 60' be almost over , vallejo do not get the memo . darlene ( still drive ) and Mike , cruise through the crowded lot . she see something offscreen . frown , unnerve : darlene screw this place . mike I think you need to eat . ( continued ) final shoot script 2 . continued : darlene we have time before the party . we could just go talk . Mike blink at this . a opportunity ... ext . blue rock spring -- parking lot -- night Minutes later . the corvair pull into the lot of the local golf course . make out point . the car on the road behind they , pass , continue on . int . darlene' car -- night darlene , parking , check the rearview to watch the car pass . tense , but relax as it go . Mike , notice . mike be you okay ? darlene ( relax ) Fine . mike you seem a little funny . she touch he chest , playfully . darlene it 's July and how many shirt be you wear ? mike ( embarrassed ) I be cold . darlene you be cold in July ? bang-bang-bang ! Mike and darlene jump and Mike give out a scream ! look around to see kide . a group of they in three car . laugh , they toss another light string of firework towards the corvair . bang -bang-bang ! mike fuck off and die ! the kid peel out . leave Mike and darlene alone . after a moment , darlene begin giggle . relaxing . mike ( cont 'd ) what ? ( continued ) final shoot script 3 . continued : darlene ( mimick ) " fuck off and die ! " she keep laugh . mike shut up ... but he 's smile . soon he succumb to the laughter as well . he shift closer . then , through the windshield - headlight . signale to turn into the lot . the car pull to a halt eight foot behind they on they leave side . turn out the light . but not the engine . Mike stare at the car . only one person in it . odd for a make out spot . mike ( cont 'd ) be that the car that be behind we before ? darlene do not respond . mike ( cont 'd ) ( squinting ) it be , I think he 's be with we since my house - shit , be that you husband ? darlene no . but she can not take she eye off the car . the driver make no move to get out ... mike I can to tell he to leave - she put she hand over he . look at he . do not move . they wait for what seem a eternity . then ... the other car pull forward . headlights click back on . pass the corvair . they watch it go , finally disappear over the horizon . mike ( cont 'd ) who be that , darlene ? darlene do not worry about it . Mike study she face . unnerve . mike so ... do you want to - ( continued ) final shoot script 4 . continued : ( 2 ) darlene oh , shit ... through the windshield - headlight , coming back over the horizon . darlene and Mike watch they reach the entrance to the parking lot . they turn in . mike let 's go . darlene , frozen . mike ( cont 'd ) now , darlene . the car pull to a halt behind the corvair . in a off-line position , like a cop . Mike , reach over to start the engine when - a spotlight from inside the other car hit the corvair . the door open and the cop inside get out . walk up to the car . flashlight outstretch , shine it in Mike and darlene 's face , blind they . he reach Mike 's door . mike ( cont 'd ) get you i.d. ( roll down he window ) man , you kinda creepe we - — thunk ! Mike 's blood and teeth explode onto the dashboard . the muzzle of a silencer flash . the man keep shoot . bullet punch through flesh and bone . some shot rip straight through Mike and into darlene . Mike be shot in the face , the neck , and the arm . darlene be shot twice in each arm , and three time in the back . the man lower the gun . silence . the man turn away . walk back to he car . a groan . the man turn . walk back to the corvair , reloading . Mike . still alive . the man fire two more shot into Mike , propelling he into the back seat . then two more into darlene for good measure . the man turn and walk away . fade to : 5 a final shoot script 5 . omitted 5 ext . blue rock spring -- parking lot -- later 5 a p.o.v. the front of a police motorcycle as it 's headlight cut into the lot ... over this we hear a coin clink into a phone . one number dial . female operator { nancy slover} vallejo Police Department ? the headlight , swinging over asphalt until it come to rest on mike , slump against the rear of the corvair . blood , run down he shirt ... a man ( 0.s. ) I want to a report a double murder ... the Officer ( hoffman ) dismount and run to he ... a man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) if you go one mile east on Columbus Parkway to the public park , you will find kid ina brown car ... Mike gesture - and hoffman go to the front seat to find darlene . in even worse shape . she try to mouth something . a man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) they be shot with a nine millimeter luger . I also kill that kid last year . Goodbye . click . the line go dead . smash to our title screen ... ext . san francisco skyline -- morning 6 August 1 , 1969 . soaring over water towards the Bay City . magnificent spire and bridge . bustle to life . int . graysmith apartment -- bathroom -- morning 7 ROBERT graysmith stand , brush he tooth . mid 20' . next to he , he 4 year old son david brushes he tooth as well . mimick he father 's movement . graysmith do he top tooth , David do he . graysmith smile . David smile . graysmith scrub he tongue , David scrub he . graysmith and spit . ( continued ) final shoot script 6 . continued : graysmith spit . David do not . david I swallow it . graysmith why ? david it be minty . graysmith laugh and scoops David up . int . live room -- morning the tiny apartment be cluttere . Dick Tracy and old mystery movie poster abound . the tv plays while graysmith tie David 's shoe . newscaster +..at the Hall of justice vow that the rapist will be arrest and bring to trial ... graysmith frown and shut off the tv . david __ , ( giggle ) rapist ! rapist ! graysmith do daddy a favor and do not yell that at preschool , okay ? david rapist ! graysmith much better . he finish David 's shoe . david be we gonna see Mom and Aaron tonight ? graysmith wince a little . glance at the clock . graysmith we be gonna be late . final shoot script 7 . 9 ext . preschool -- morning 9 graysmith kiss he son on the forehead and send he inside . then turn and run ... 10 int . graysmith's car - inching along in traffic - day 10 traffic 's bad . graysmith sketching something in he lap as he inch along . we get a good look - four cartoon sketch . very rough , but good ... 11 ext . san francisco street -- morning 11 graysmith hustle down the sidewalk amongst pedestrian . behind he , a mail truck pass he on the street both , come up to the san francisco chronicle , a grand old building on fifth and Mission . the logo above the entrance . graysmith push through the door into 12 omitted 12 13 int . san francisco chronicle -- lobby -- morning 13 graysmith hurry across the lobby towards and OPEN elevator . the door close just before he can reach it ... 13a ext . alley next to chronicle -- morning 13a the truck halt by a loading dock . two men get out and begin unload large duffel bag of mail onto a flatbed dolly ... 14 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 14 ding ! graysmith emerge from the elevator into the control chaos of the paper 's editorial office . phone ring . typewriter clack . Reporters hustle . graysmith head to a small coffee stand manned by a ill tempere white haire midget name shorty . graysmith how 's the coffee today , Shorty ? Shorty point upward at he sign - " delicious as hell coffee and sandwiches " . 14a int . elevator -- morning 14a the mailmen ride up towards the third floor with a smaller mail cart that 's mark " editorial " . 14b 15 16 17 final shoot script 8. int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 14b graysmith get he coffee from Shorty and head to he desk , get hang up by a crowd of people stand around -— paul avery desk . avery , 30' , well dress , crime reporter . currently entertaining the crowd with a joke . avery ... and the bartender say , '' superman , you be one mean son of a bitch when you be drunk ! " the other laugh . graysmith push through they . reaching he own desk . devoid of people , away from the action . he open he briefcase , just settling in when hyman editorial in two ! graysmith begin regather up he thing as - the elevator door across the room open and the mailmen emerge . we pick they up again , travel the length of the third floor office and into omitted 15 int . carol fisher' office -- morning 16 where the cart be dumped out onto a carol fisher be desk . we stay on the letter pile as the she begin to sort they . we zoom in on follow one letter in particular . rush to editor be chickenscrawle twice on it . through the door , we see graysmith - last through into the editorial room . peck ( 0.s. ) all right let 's get go . graysmith shut the door . Carol begin open the letter . int . editorial room -- morning 17 templeton peck , privileged and ascote run the editorial meeting around a long oak table . as he go through graysmith 's sketches one by one : peck horrid , horrid , not horrid , and horrid . I be think we go with not horrid , do not you ? ( continued ) 17 17a 17b 18 final shoot script 9 . continued : 17 graysmith just nod meekly and take the sketches back . int . carol fisher' office -- morning 17a Carol slice open the rush to editor letter ... int . editorial room -- morning 17b peck Paul , what 's on the crime beat ? avery Janice in datebook will not let I take she to dinner . ( off peck 's look ) what ? it 's a crime . graysmith crack the slight of smile . interrupted as the door open revealing Carol Fisher . face grave . peck Carol , what do you - carol fisher you need to see this . she lay the rush to editor letter on the table . the other crowd around . scan it . peck look up to Carol . peck go get the publisher . CUT to : int . editorial room -- moment later 18 charle do young theiriot - sit at the head of the table . Old , patrician , read the letter aloud . theiriot dear editor . this be the murderer of the two teenager last Christmas at Lake herman and the girl on the 4th of July near the golf course in vallejo . to prove I kill they , I shall state some fact which only I and the police know . Christmas - brand name of ammo Super X . ten shot be fire . the boy be on he back with he foot to the car . the girl . ( continued ) final shoot script 10 . 18 continued : 18 he hand the letter to peck with distaste . motion for he to continue . peck the girl be on she right side , foot to the west . July 4th - one girl be wear pattern slack . the boy be also shot in the knee . brand name of ammo be western . here be part of a cipher . the other two part of the cipher be be mail to the editor of the vallejo Times and s.f. examiner . next page - full of strange symbol . a code . peck ( cont 'd ) I want you to print this cipher on the front page of you paper . in this cipher be my identity . if you do not print this cipher by the afternoon of fry . the ist of August 69 , I will go on a kill rampage fry night . I will cruise around all weekend kill lone people in the night then move on to kill again until I end up with a dozen people over the weekend " . ( pause ) it 's unsign except for a symbol . peck put the letter down . the other move forward to examine it . see the symbol : avery be it I , or do that look like a gunsight ? lose among they , graysmith pick up the code . weird symbol litter the page in unbroken block paragraph ... theiriot today be August first . he want he code in the afternoon edition . hyman if the examiner do not have the ball to run it , we scoop the Bay - peck Charles , this man be talk about shoot twelve people - ( continued ) final shoot script will . continued : ( 2 ) 18 hyman and not run this could make he do that - peck if we run it we could be set a very dangerous precedent - hyman oh , come on , it 's newsworthy - peck we would be give this sick bastard a soapbox . what do that say to people ? theiriot back up . the vallejo stuff , be it true ? hyman Paul ? avery what , I cover crime in vallejo ? ( off theiriot 's look ) I cover crime in vallejo . he rise and exit to make call . hyman , to theiriot : hyman let 's shoot the code and call sfpd . if it turn out to be real , at least we will have the material . a beat . theiriot nod . hyman ( cont 'd ) copy ! a copy boy stick he head in . hyman ( cont 'd ) get grant in here , we need some photo . graysmith ? graysmith look up from the code , he reverie break . hyman ( cont 'd ) do not you have a cartoon to finish ? graysmith take the hint . put down the code and leave . final shoot script 12 . 19 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 19 graysmith , wander back to he desk . pass avery who sit , dial . graysmith , hope to hear the conversation ... avery ( into the phone ) this be Paul avery from the San Francisco Chronicle , I be look for someone to shed some light on a letter we receive ... 20 int . vallejo police department -- morning 20 sergeant jack mulanax ( 40' hook - nose ) , on the phone . mulanax you want to run it , run it - secretary Jack , you get a guy from the Chronicle on two ! mulanax lenny , hang on ... ( click over ) sergeant mulanax . 21 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 21 avery sergeant , this be Paul avery at the Chronicle . I just want to check if you have a unsolve firearm related homicide on Christmas and maybe one on July 4th ? mulanax ( through phone ) shit , you get one too ? 22 int . editorial room -- morning 22 avery re-enter to find hyman on the phone . peck Al 's on with the examiner , they get the same letter , but with a different code . ( continued ) 22 23 final shoot script 13 . continued : 22 avery ( check he note ) so do the Times Herald . vpd confirm the shooting ; Christmas , two teenager on lover 's lane , both doa , David farraday and Betty Jensen - July 4th , darlene ferrin and Michael ( try to pronounce ) mah - mag - I think it 's " mayhew " he live . she do not . theiriot the murder weapon ? avery Match the caliber he give in the letter . I bet the Times Herald will go with it . hyman cup he hand over the receiver to update they : hyman examiner say they be go but will not go front page . I say we go front page and if he kill twelve people , it 's not we fault . theiriot heave a long sigh as the debate continue ... int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- later 23 graysmith , at he desk . unfinish cartoon push aside . he doodle something else - the code . recreated from memory . he look up to see the entire editorial staff of the paper be now in with theiriot . Carol Fisher stop by he desk . carol fisher Robert , we need - you be not do yet ? graysmith sorry . he switch to the cartoon . graysmith ( cont 'd ) theiriot 's still here . carol fisher he 's never here this late ... graysmith scoops up he finish cartoon and head for 24 25 26 final shoot script 14 . int . editorial room -- day 24 hyman speak as graysmith slip in . hyman ... ten minute to press , Charles . theiriot , quiet . think . graysmith hover with he cartoon near peck who whisper : peck leave it . theiriot ( decide ) okay , replate , we will go page 4 . weary , but happy a decision have be make , the staff head for the exit . avery , comment to the other : avery twenty buck to the first person who crack the guy 's name . graysmith ( quietly ) he will not give he name . avery turn , surprised the quiet cartoonist have speak . graysmith look a little surprised too . avery ( to everybody ) anyone wanna grab a drink ? ext . san francisco STREET -- evening 25 graysmith head home . pass " morti be " , a bar near the chronicle . look through the window - avery and several other from the paper laugh , carouse . he watch for a moment , then move on . int . san francisco chronicle -- evening 26 the code - sitting on a white table , camera mount above . choom ! choom ! flashbulb go off . be shot for print . 27 28 29 30 final shoot script 15 . int . graysmith's apartment -- evening 27 graysmith dump a stack of library book on he desk . David grab the top one happily - yertle the turtle . all the other , about codebreaking or murder . graysmith look at the wall - cover with reproduction of jame bond novel cover . he sigh . begins take some down . we can not see he hand . he move away and we see he 's tack the cipher up in they place . as we push in on symbol ... navy project leader all right , people , listen up ... int . naval base -- san diego -- night 28 superimpose - U.S. naval intelligence - cryptography a group of cryptographers seat around a table with the cipher . the project leader address they . navy project leader the cipher be break into three section - each one be eight line with seventeen symbol ... int . government build -- WASHINGTON D.C. -- night 29 superimpose - U.S. department of defense - code intel a similar gather of codebreaker . d.o.d. project leader no break between the symbol denote different word , no number or clue to substitution key ... int . FBI build -- san francisco -- night 30 two codebreaker sit at they desk , split a sandwich . superimpose - federal bureau of investigation f.b.i. codebreaker and you get symbol from at least seven different source - Greek , morse code , navy semaphore , weather symbol , astrological Signs ... 31 32 final shoot script 16 . int . suburban house -- salinas , california -- morning 31 superimpose - residence of donald harden - breakfast NOOK donald and bettye harden sit peruse they morning papers . Donald examine the printed code . he study it . a beat . donald hey , take a gander at this code thingy . he pass it to he wife . she look intrigue . donald ( cont 'd ) want to give it a go ? int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 32 August 7 , 1969 . graysmith , work on the day 's cartoon . avery ( 0.s. ) the guy who use to sit there be a great cartoonist . graysmith look up to see avery . avery ( cont 'd ) Bob bastion . now he 's on public television for some reason ... Paul avery . graysmith Robert graysmith . I have be here nine month . avery you be right , by the way . he do not give he name . that get graysmith 's attention . graysmith who crack it ? avery a history teacher and he wife in salinas . he lay the translation of the code down on the desk . graysmith pick it up . begins read aloud , the horror grow on he face with every sentence . ( continued ) 32 final shoot script 17 . continued : 32 graysmith I like kill people because it be so much fun . it be more fun than kill wild game in the forest because man be the most dangerous animal of all to kill . something give I the most thrill experience , it be even better than get you rock off with a girl . the best part of it be that when I die I will be reborn in paradise and they - they I have kill will become my slave . I will not give you my name because you will try to slow down or stop my collect of slave for the afterlife . silence . graysmith , shake . avery methink we friend be a tad bit fucker in the head . I hear he even send vallejo a code key to help . impatient prick , be not he ? graysmith what be that letter at the bottom ? he point and we see they - ebeorietmethhpiti avery leftover ? maybe a anagram ? graysmith begin write , try different permutation of the letter : Robert hemphill , Van M. blackman , Robert emmet the hippie ... avery ( cont 'd ) you be pretty good at that . ( notice ) " Robert emmet the hippie " ? graysmith try more . avery watch . after a bit : avery ( cont 'd ) how would you know he be not gonna give he name ? ( continued ) 32 33 34 35 final shoot script 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 graysmith ( to himself ) man be the most dangerous animal of all ... man be the most dangerous animal of all ... he continue write and mumble . this guy be strange . avery walk away , intrigue . pass peck , who whisper : peck Paul , editorial now . int . editorial conference room -- morning 33 the editorial staff huddle , go through something . avery push through they . bump into hyman . hyman another letter , more of the same -— detail about the murder . he tape a flashlight to the gun , that 's how he hit they in the dark - theiriot but he give himself a name . avery look down as we push in on the new letter : dear editor , this be the zodiac speak ... CUT to : ext . forest road -- afternoon 34 vroom ! a volkswagen karmann ghia roar past camera , speed down a wind road carve out of the forest above lake berryessa . two college kid , bryan hartnell at the wheel , cecelia shephard next to he . young. pretty . smitten . September 27 , 1969 - Napa County , California ext . lake berryessa -- twilight 35 the sun , creep down . the light 's go golden . bryan and cecelia lie side by side , on a peninsula . two tree shade they . no one else in sight . ( continued ) 35 final shoot script 19 . continued : 35 bryan this use to be a town . the county decide the land would work better as a lake , so they flood it . there 's a entire - cecelia - hide city under the water . we be here last spring , remember ? he smile . she smile back but then sees something . cecelia ( cont 'd ) somebody else be here . bryan stay in he position . not look . bryan it 's a public park . cecelia he 's watch we . bryan well , we be very good look . cecelia playfully swat he . look back to the brush . cecelia where would he go ? she scan the landscape . cecelia ( cont 'd ) there . he go behind a tree . bryan ( still not look ) so ? he 's take a leak . a beat . cecelia oh , my God , he 's get a gun ! bryan turn to see - the tree only twenty feet away . a man in black have emerge from behind it . wearing a hood like a executioner mask . slit for eyehole and over they , sunglass . the hood 's front with a cross stitched into it which quarter a circle . a sheathed knife hang from he leave side and a gun in hand . bryan and cecelia , beginning to stand ... the man walk over , aim the weapon at they . ( continued ) final shoot script 20 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 the man do not move , I want you money and you car key . do not move . bryan whatever you say . we will cooperate , okay ? what do you want we to do ? the man motion for they to stand . they do . bryan be " water side " stand parallel to the man . cecelia be to bryan 's right . the man keep he distance . bryan pull out the he wallet and toss it . search he pocket for the key , motor- mouth : bryan ( cont 'd ) you be welcome to everything I have , but be there something more I could do ? could I give you a check or something ? the man no. bryan I could give you my phone number , and , you know - maybe I could give you more help than you think you need - cecelia ( explain ) he 's a sociology major . the man sorry , I can not remember where I put the key , they might be on the blanket , can I - the man motion with the gun - bryan lean down to search on they blanket . bryan can I ask you a question ? I read in reader 's digest that thief do not always have they gun load - the man it 's load . cecelia bryan , do what he say . ( continued ) 35 final shoot script 21 . continued : ( 3 ) 35 bryan I be , I am. ( find they ) here 's the key . bryan toss they . the man I want she to tie you up . bryan okay . he pull some length of hollow core clothesline from behind he back . hand they to cecelia who immediately go behind bryan and begin tie he hand behind he back , loosely . bryan , to cecelia as she work : bryan ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I might be able to get the gun - cecelia bryan ! the man point the gun at he head . the man do not get any idea - bryan I will not - the man I kill a guard escape from prison in Montana . bryan I be not do anything , okay ? the man I be not afraid to kill again . bryan ( after a bit ; as she tie ) what be the name of that prison ? the man do not respond . they stand in silence as cecelia finish . the man immediately go to she and begin bind she hand behind she back ( he may have holster the gun to do this ) . ( continued ) final shoot script 22 . 35 continued : ( 4 ) 35 bryan ( cont 'd ) you say it be in Montana , right ? the man I be take you car and go to Mexico . the man finish with cecelia and step behind bryan . the man ( cont 'd ) she tie you loose , do not she ? he crank the rope around bryan 's wrist tighter . the man ( cont 'd ) get on you stomach so I can tie you foot . bryan come on , man . I do not complain when you tie we hand - the man on you stomach - bryan it get cold at night , we could freeze - the man step point the gun at he at point blank range : the man get down ! right now ! bryan and cecelia do . the man bind bryan 's foot to he hand in silence . do the same to cecelia . hog-ty they . then step back , surveying he handiwork . bryan now that it 's all say and do - be the gun really load ? the man pop the clip . remove a shiny bullet . show bryan . then put it away . move behind he , out of he line of vision . bryan , lie there , try to figure out how he 's go to get himself untied once the man leave when - the man pull the knife from the scabbard and stab bryan in the back . it happen so quick , it take a moment for cecelia to realize what 's happen . and then she begin to scream . the man pull the knife out of bryan . raise it again ... and dear God , we be actually go to have to watch this ... ( continued ) 35 36 final shoot script 23 . continued : ( 5 ) 35 blood flow . on cecelia . scream . crimson fleck on she face . bryan 's face , in a daze . jarred forcibly every time the man stab down . he do it six time , then lurch off he . he turn and stab cecelia . she try to roll . he just keep stabbing . her side . her front . bryan 's eye . find cecelia . see what 's happen to she . and then look away ... CUT to : ext . lake berryessa -- evening 36 later . the scream be do . the sun , almost down . cecelia have roll to she side . her bound wrist now up by bryan 's mouth and he 's try to chew they free . he spit out some rope . pull at the knot with he tooth between sob ... her hand come free . she move ... and scream . we can not hear it , because over this we hear - more coin in a pay phone . dial . ringing ... napa policeman Napa Police Department ? bryan roll . position he wrist by cecelia 's free hand . the man I want to report a murder - no , a double murder . with a incredible effort she begin tug on he rope ... the man ( cont 'd ) they be two mile north of Park headquarters . they be in a white volkswagen kharmann ghia . bryan 's wrist come free ... the man ( cont 'd ) I be the one that do it . click . he 's hang up . bryan , pull the rope from he leg . he crawl to cecelia . kiss she once on the lip . bryan I will get someone ... somehow , he manage to stand . stoop over , arm cross around he stomach . just one step be a amazing effort . bryan take three before collapsing . he only make it six foot . he rise again . walk again . Falls again . finally he give up ... and begin to crawl . 37 38 39 final shoot script 24 . ext . forest road -- evening 37 ..- above the Lake . bryan 's car , still pull off to the side of the empty road . a park ranger slow at the abandon car . nothing out of the ordinary . he roll he eye . kid . he drive on . we stay on the car . slowly move to the passenger side to reveal scrawled in marker on the door : ° vallejo 12-20-68 7-4-69 sept 27-69-6:30 by knife CUT to : omitted 38 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 39 close on - graysmith 's finger grip a pencil . sketching . avery ( 0.c . ) the boy live , the girl do not . imagine survive something like that . and the date on the car - the two vallejo killing and now the one in Napa . why Napa ? pull back to reveal it 's a sketch of zodiac in costume . avery ( cont 'd ) what 's he do out of vallejo ? and - sweet Christmas , what be you draw ? by now we can tell we be by graysmith 's desk . graysmith the kid who survive , this be what he say Zodiac be wear - he stop , he eye go wide as something click . graysmith ( cont 'd ) oh , my God ... he leap up and race off . practically knock over hyman . a odd duck , that one . hyman sit and pick up the sketch . hyman Jesus , where would he come up with that ? ( continued ) final shoot script 25 . 39 continued : 39 avery it 's Zodiac at the lake . ( be : graysmith ) what 's he story , anyway ? he seem a little farther out than far out . hyman graysmith ? he 's a fuck boy scout . do not smoke , do not drink , do not curse . avery horrible . ( see ) aaand he 's back . as graysmith return to the desk clutching a film book . he put it down , frantically paging through it . he turn the book to avery and hyman and stab the page : a black and white film still from a old movie - a man dressed identically as the zodiac . hyman what be that ? graysmith a still from the most dangerous game . avery " the most dangerous game " ? graysmith it 's a movie about a count who hunt people for sport . " man be the most dangerous animal of all " I know I would hear it somewhere ! avery and this be the Count ? graysmith exactly . " Count Zaroff " . avery " Zaroff " with a 2 ? hyman Jesus . he 's hunt people ... 40 ext . san francisco skyline -- night 40 October 11 , 1969 . we soar over the CITY , pass through the half complete transamerica pyramid . a radio show : ( continued ) final shoot script 26 . 40 continued : 40 radio host ( v.o. ) ... news on the twenty . because of the recent attack police have order curfew in effect tonight for the follow county - Napa , solano , Contra costa , alameda , Marin , and San mateo so please everyone , stay safe , stay inside , and keep call . push down into the bustling street of the city - people way too busy with they urban life to be bother with anything else . radio host ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Vic in San Francisco , you be on the line . so the Zodiac do not scare you ? caller 1 ( v.0 . ) heck no , the guy 's just do he thing out in the stick . what 's really scary be the yippy down in the Haight with they " free love " . 4l ext . mason and geary -- night 4l heavy foot traffic . the theater crowd just be let out . a couple hippie play guitar for change . radio host ( v.o. ) Alfred from vacaville feel differently - Alfred , be you gonna take that ? caller 2 ( v.o. ) well , I agree about the hippie , but I resent he call we " the stick " - that be nice clean cut young people that man kill . we have good solid Christian community here in the North Bay . 42 43 final shoot script 27 . ext . san francisco street -- night 42 we track the cab 's progress , move from the business and theater district towards the residential pacific height ... radio host ( v.o. ) you bring up a good question - be the Zodiac a satanist ? amber from oakland , what do you think ? caller 3 ( v.o. ) well , the symbol look satanic , but that 's not what I call about - my question be where do the Chronicle get off encourage he like that ? radio host ( v.o . ) a great question , and I would also ask - since when do a big city paper like the Chronicle even care about what happen in rural community like vallejo ? be not they cover this just to sell more papers ? alison in San Francisco ? caller 4 ( v.o. ) I do not know about they caring or not caring but I do know the Zodiac demand they print he letter or he would kill more people - caller 3 ( v.o. ) ( break in ) but they do not have to . and he 's kill more people anyway . ext . pacific height -- night 43 the cab slow . a posh part of the city . the sidewalk , empty . pull to halt at the corner of Washington and cherry . the cabbie put it in park ... radio host a great point amber . so a general question for all we caller , what do you think he will do next ? boom ! the cabbie 's head snap forward . shot by he passenger , who we do not see . silence . as we begin to pull away from the cab ... ( continued ) 43 final shoot script 27a . continued : 43 the passenger get out . move around the car . get into the front passenger seat . leave the door ajar . he seem to be ( but be not ) cradling the cabbie 's head in he lap . we be still pull up and away slowly , across the street ... over this : a phone ringing . picked up . sfpd operator ( 0.s. ) San Francisco Police - teenage girl ( 0.s. ) yeah , there 's a fight ! in a cab ! ( continued ) final shoot script 28 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 sfpd operator ( 0.s. ) what be you location ? teenage girl ( 0.s. ) the corner of Washington and cherry , one 's drunk ! we think he 's robbing he ! the man get out again . walk around the front to the Driver 's side door . holding a rag . still pulling back ... sfpd operator ( 0.s. ) be the crime still in progress ? teenage girl ( 0.s. ) yes ! and then , the sound of a machine gun ... 44 int . graysmith apartment -- david' bedroom -- night 44 ... it 's a tommy -gun . come from a old tape recorder . graysmith lay on the bed next to he son in the dark , listen to a dick tracy radio program on cassette : flat-top ( 0.s. ) take that Tracy ! come on boy , let 's go ! the sound of squealing tire . then pistol shot . flat -top ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he shot we tire ! darn that Tracy ! the sound of a car crash . David giggle . graysmith , who 's hear this a thousand time , mouth the next line : dick tracy ( 0.s. ) you boy be under arrest ! announcer ( 0.s. ) ( as the music swell ) join we for the next incredible episode of Dick Tracy ! graysmith stop the tape . he rise , tucking David in . graysmith enough for tonight . david dad , what 's Zodiac ? ( continued ) final shoot script 29 . 44 continued : 44 graysmith pause . carefully : graysmith he 's a very bad man . a criminal . david who be he ? graysmith nobody know . david be you gonna catch he ? graysmith smile . graysmith you should get some sleep . he kiss David on the forehead and move to the door . david somebody 's gonna catch he , right ? in the doorway , graysmith turn back . graysmith who always catch the bad guy ? david the good guy ? graysmith that 's right . 45 int . bedroom -- night 45 a couple , asleep . the phone ring . the man reach for it . miss . knock over the bedside lamp . crash ! toschi ah , nut ... his wife switch on she lamp . the man sit up and we get we first real look at inspector dave toschi . handsome , italian - american . groggy , he answer the phone . toschi ( cont 'd ) whoever this be , you owe I a lamp . ( continued ) 45 46 47 final shoot script 30 . continued : 45 armstrong ( on phone ) cabbie 's be shot three block from the presidio . toschi I do not do it . I have be with my bride all night , she can vouch . armstrong you will pick I up ? toschi let I just describe the lamp you be gonna buy for I - click . armstrong , go . toschi hang up . his wife sigh . toschi's wife I will go put on the folger ... ext . san francisco STREET corner -- night 46 a lone cop stand wait . plain clothes . Silver hair . kind face . this be bill armstrong . a car pull up to the corner , drive by toschi . armstrong get in . int . toschi be car ( moving ) -- night 47 toschi I be sound asleep . armstrong suspect 's a negro male adult . Walt 's on scene , he 's lock off the cab and secure the crowd . toschi seriously , dead asleep . my eye be close and everything . armstrong pull a box of Animal cracker from he pocket and hand they to toschi , who begin munch on they as he drive . armstrong you ever try japanese food ? toschi you mean like teryaki ? ( continued ) final shoot script 31 . 47 continued : 47 armstrong no , like the urchin and raw fish . toschi I be eat here , Bill . armstrong I always want to try it . toschi so . why do not you ? armstrong stare out the window . armstrong have not get around to it . 48 ext . WASHINGTON and cherry -- night 48 choom ! klieg light on a Fire Department " spotlight vehicle " snap on , illuminate the block . a ambulance and crime lab van be already on scene . uniform work through the crowd , compare face to a physical description they have get . toschi pull to a halt at the edge of the scene and get out with armstrong . homicide inspector walter kracke approach . kracke even , gent . Lovely night for a botch robbery , huh ? toschi third one this week . the end of summer rush . kracke I get foot patrol go through the park and the dog be on they way . victim 's name be Paul stine . ( gesture to the ambulance driver ) dousette pronounce he at 10:10 . suspect fire one shot , back of the head , driver 's wallet and car key be miss . armstrong how do you know he name ? kracke point to a distraught african american man . ( continued ) final shoot script 32 . 48 continued : 48 kracke leroy there come down from yellow cab to i.d he . Neighborhood 's pretty high end for this kind of thing , so I already set up transpo for the cab and the coroner 's roll . toschi , notice the crowd of onlooker and other cop linger near the body and the car . armstrong any witness ? kracke kid who call it in see the suspect from that window . he point to a three story house across the street . armstrong they hear a shot ? kracke no , they first see he in the front seat , think he be a drunk fight with the driver . oldest kid run downstairs to get a better look from that window , describe he as a white male , glass , crewcut , stocky and wear a dark jacket . toschi I think he be black . armstrong that 's the description that go out to radio car . kracke we already correct it . you guy need anything else ? toschi Nah , get outta here . kracke thanks . ( to armstrong ; grin ) happy birthday . toschi turn to he partner . ( continued ) final shoot script 33 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 toschi no kid , it 's you birthday ? armstrong yeah . toschi that 's great . happy birthday . armstrong thanks . you want the body or the scene ? toschi body . the partner split up . a well practice ritual . toschi go to the cab where lab tech be photograph the driver , who lie in the bloody front seat . one tech , dagitz look up as toschi approach . dagitz Dave . look like he wipe the cab down pretty good but we have get some blood over here . he point to the door jamb . toschi pull out a flashlight to examine it . squint : toschi print ? dagitz could very well be . we will dust it at the Hall . odd thing be , we also get glove . toschi the suspect 's ? dagitz there 's blood on they . toschi flip open he notebook and begin to sketch the scene . he work quickly , use a tape measure to gauge distance . when he 's do : toschi get enough ? the photographer nod . to dagitz : toschi ( cont 'd ) help I roll he . ( continued ) 48 final shoot script 34 , continued : ( 3 ) 48 he and dagitz take hold of the body and hoist it out of the cab and onto the pavement . the crowd murmur at the sight . toschi lean in to check the cab 's floor . discover : toschi ( cont 'd ) get a case . single . nine mile . the photographer lean in . flashbulb pop . document the position of the shiny copper case . toschi measure its position . add it to the sketch . toschi ( cont 'd ) tweezers ? dagitz hand he tweezers . toschi gingerly bag the case . straighten up , as armstrong approach . armstrong nothing from the crowd . toschi okay - I be you shooter , a adult negro male who happen to be a stocky caucasian . I flag a cab , I give this address - do he give this address ? who 's get the fare book ? a uniform produce the bag book . armstrong check it . armstrong say Washington and maple . one block that way . he point . toschi jog down the street a little towards the other corner . see what he need to and jog back . toschi lighting 's the same there so maybe I see somebody walk they dog . armstrong you do not want a witness so you say " go down a block " . cabbie pull over - toschi and I wait till he put it in park cause I be smart and I do not want he hit the accelerator after I shoot he . toschi stand behind the uniform , use he as he act out the rest . ( continued ) final shoot script 35 . 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 armstrong cabbie stop , put it in park , boom . toschi I shoot he on the right - he slump right ? armstrong maybe you have get you hand on he collar when you shoot . toschi either way , I just dumped a quart of blood into the front seat . armstrong so why do you get into the front seat ? toschi the money ? armstrong but he 's dead . you could just reach over the seat , pull he wallet and never get near all the blood . why do you get into the front seat ? toschi Cause I be a idiot ? armstrong you be not a idiot , you wait for he to put it in park . toschi let I see the fare book ... armstrong hand it over . toschi peruse it . toschi ( cont 'd ) I be a idiot , I be he third fare of the night . I just kill a guy for eight buck . ( to armstrong ) you have any more animal cracker ? uniform what ? armstrong they be in the car . ( continued ) 48 49 50 final shoot script 36 . continued : ( 5 ) 48 toschi I be gonna finish they later . ( pause ) Fine . toschi rise and go back towards the car ... int . WASHINGTON STREET house -- night 49 the doorbell ring . the father answer it . toschi hold cracker . father be you a reporter ? toschi ( flash a badge ) no , sir , sfpd . I need to have a word with you child alone , one at a time - father they just see a man die . I be not let they out of my sight . int . WASHINGTON STREET house -- upstair -- night 50 toschi sit across from the six kide , who inhale the animal cracker as they talk , breathlessly overlap : 16 year old ( teen boy ) 13 year old ( teen girl ) it look like they be yeah , and he have a rag - drunk and fight - toschi Inside the car , he have a rag ? 13 year old ( teen girl ) 16 year old ( teen boy ) no outside - he come around the side of the car and be wiping stuff - 12 year old ( friend ) 13 year old ( teen girl ) ( mouth full of cracker ) no , he be , and then he put I do not see he wiping stuff - it in he pocket - toschi ( cont 'd ) first time you see he he be in the front seat . then he get out - 16 year old ( teen boy ) and come around to the driver 's side with the rag - ( continued ) 50 51 52 53 54 final shoot script 37 . continued : 50 toschi do you see he face ? 16 year old ( teen boy ) 13 year old ( teen girl ) yeah - sort of - toschi ( cont 'd ) what do he look like ? the kid think about this for a second . 16 year old ( teen boy ) normal . int . san francisco chronicle -- mail room -- day 51 October 14 , 1969 . Carol Fisher , sorting through letter . she stop at the last one . a crossed circle in the return address corner . on the front in blue felt pen : SF chronicle , san fran , calif .. please rush to editor please rush to editor . she take a letter opener and slice open the top ... int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 52 graysmith , sketching . from down the hall , carol' scream ! avery ( v.o. ) this be the Zodiac speak ... ext . san francisco chronicle -- day 53 toschi and armstrong enter the newspaper 's lobby ... avery ( v.o. ) I be the murderer of the taxi driver over by Washington Street and maple Street last night ... int . san francisco chronicle hallway -- day 54 toschi and armstrong stride down the corridor towards the conference room , past stare reporter ... ( continued ) 54 54a 55 final shoot script 38 . continued : 54 avery ( v.o. ) to prove this , here be a blood stain piece of he shirt ... CUT to : a 3 by 5 piece of grey and white shirt cloth , soaked in 54a blood . neatly tear , not cut . it sit on a table in int . editorial conference room -- afternoon 55 surrounded by graysmith , avery , theiriot , and the editorial staff . avery , read the letter aloud : avery I be the same man who do in the people in the North Bay Area . the s.f. Police could have catch I last night if they have searched the park properly instead of hold road race - the door open and toschi and armstrong enter . avery ( cont 'd ) Dave . toschi Paul . where 's the shirt ? theiriot lead he over to the bloodstain cloth . armstrong there 's you rag from the kid . toschi so he sit in the front seat to rip off a piece of the shirt ... avery be this on the record - toschi what do you think , Paul ? armstrong no. hyman graysmith he take credit for vallejo it 's worse than that . and Napa - the room turn to look at he . ( continued ) final shoot script 39 . 55 continued : 55 peck you get you cartoon in yet , Robert ? graysmith frown . head for the door once again . when he 's go , toschi turn back to theiriot . toschi what do he mean " worse " ? theiriot read the last part . toschi School child make nice target . I think I shall wipe out a school bus some morning . just shoot out the front tire and the pick off the kiddie as they come bounce out - Jesus , who handle bus - — Department of transportation ? armstrong School board . toschi , scoops up the letter , head for the door ... 56 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 56 graysmith , by avery 's empty desk . digging in he trash for info on Zodiac . he straighten up when he see the detective exit the Conference room . toschi and armstrong in rapid conference as they walk : armstrong we need match on blood and fabric - toschi I will call Napa and vallejo , pull the other letter and get they up to Sacramento for handwrite - avery Dave , hold up ! be it true you get a print off the cab ? toschi yeah , we get a partial in blood , but that 's not for publication - avery hey , it 's I . toschi and armstrong step on the elevator and be go . avery head back to he desk . graysmith follow . ( continued ) final shoot script 40 . 56 continued : 56 graysmith do he say they have a print ? avery partial . graysmith wow . wow . do you notice he be wear he gun like bullit ? avery Steve mcqueen get that from toschi . he sit and begin type he note . graysmith do he think Zodiac 's gonna send another code ? I think he 's gonna send another code - avery ( still type ) Robert ? you be loom . graysmith slink back to he desk . people bustle around he , electricity in the air . and there 's nothing for he to do . 57 int . san francisco chronicle -- editorial room -- evening 57 twilight through the window . theiriot have gather the entire editorial staff . we pan across they as he speak ... theiriot in cooperation with sfpd , we will run the Zodiac letter without include the threat on school child . we do not want to start a citywide panic so I be ask all of you to keep this confidential . just go about you daily business ... 58 ext . san francisco STREET -- morning 58 graysmith stand on a corner with David . uncomfortable with he father 's presence . david you do not have to wait with I . graysmith it 's okay . I want to . a yellow school bus round the corner . rumbling towards they . graysmith exhales . ( continued ) 58 59 60 final shoot script 41 . continued : 58 David heft he backpack as the bus approach . graysmith watch he . prepare to get on . the bus stop . the Driver crank open the door . David step forward ... graysmith can not take it . stop he . david dad ? graysmith look to the Driver . apologetic . graysmith I be gonna drive he myself today . int . office of questioned document -- night 59 Sacramento , California . a eye behind a magnify glass . Chief of question document - sherwood morrill . he study the Zodiac letter side by side . meticulous , slow work . toschi stand next to he . maddened by the pace . morrill make a note . toschi what 's that ? morrill similarities in the lower case ris . he keep go . move onto the e's . make another note . toschi and that ? morrill that be you wait in the hall if you speak again . I have to concentrate . toschi sorry - morrill sorry count as speak . int . office of questioned document -- hallway -- night 60 slam ! morrill shut the door behind toschi , lock he out . armstrong , on the couch across from the doorway , a couple of snack on he lap . he 's eat chip . a beat . toschi there be similarity in the lower case r's . ( continued ) final shoot script 42 . 60 continued : 60 armstrong toss toschi a box of Animal cracker . he tear they open . armstrong we have to release the bus threat . toschi it will screw we . armstrong we be already screw . we just go from routine cabbie shoot to " mass murderer target kid " . silence . toschi sigh . the door to morrill 's office open and he step out with a grave look on he face ... anchorman the Zodiac killer have come to San Francisco ... 61 int . graysmith apartment -- live room -- evening 61 Friday , October 17 , 1969 . graysmith and David , watch tv : anchorman ( 0.s. ) confirmation tonight from the San Francisco Police Department that in he latest taunting letter which take credit for the murder of cab driver Paul stine , the Zodiac have threaten to " wipe out a school bus and pick off the kiddie as they come bounce - click . graysmith shut the tv off , but not quick enough . David stare at he . terrify . 62 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- evening 62 avery , pound away at he typewriter on a article as the news report continue in the background : ( continued ) final shoot script 43 . 62 continued : 62 anchorman ( 0.s. ) ..- if you think you might know who the Zodiac be , you can call the San Francisco Police Department 's tipline ... 63 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 63 Saturday , October 18 , 1969 . phone ring off the hook . the place have become zodiac central . pan across the detective , all on the phone . overlap : detective 1 yes , sir , we will add you dry cleaner to we suspect list ... detective 2 ... vice President agnew 's whereabouts be pretty well establish , mar 'am ... ending on toschi , hang up he phone . behind he captain martin lee pull on a tie and straighten it . captain lee Press conference be at four , I need to tell they where we be . toschi 's phone begin ringing again . he ignore it . toschi we be coordinate with the school board , and expect a break in the case very soon . captain lee where be we really ? toschi swamp . when they can not get through on the tip line they call the switchboard and keep get put through . captain lee hard suspect ? toschi about ninety a hour - we be up to around five hundred . captain lee can you narrow it down ? ( continued ) final shoot script 44 , 63 continued : 63 toschi if I could get out of this chair - ( answer the phone ) homicide , could you hold please ? he put the phone back down . ringing again , almost immediately . Captain Lee pull on he blazer . captain lee I have to tell they the entire force be on this . toschi how many man can you give I ? captain lee for now it 's just you and Bill . and Monday 's a school day . toschi I get three daughter , Chief . captain lee where 's armstrong ? toschi on with vallejo. ( answer phone ) homicide , toschi ... pan to - armstrong in mid conversation . armstrong we be play catch up here . I would like to set up a meeting with you survivor , Michael mageau - 64 int . vallejo police department -- day 64 mulanax can not . skipped town . armstrong the only guy who 's see Zodiac without a mask be miss ? mulanax when he be still in the hospital we could show he line up every day . soon as he get out he leave . do not think he want to have anything to do with this . ( continued ) final shoot script 45 . 64 continued : 64 armstrong well , if you could just send we everything you have get - mulanax Road go both way - we need that print you lift from the cab . also , we should have be in on the handwrite . armstrong I apologize , thing have be move fast . who should I talk to in Napa so we can coordinate ? mulanax Ken narlow . 65 int . napa police headquarters -- day 65 ken narlow , now on the phone with armstrong . narlow we should have be in on the handwrite . armstrong I apologize , thing have be move fast . we be gonna need you scene photo - narlow can not help you . armstrong Ken , I do not want to get into a jurisdictional thing - narlow we do not have a crime scene . Ranger who find the kid literally sweep everything into a picnic blanket . all we get be the wing Walker print . armstrong the what ? ( continued ) 65 continued : final shoot script 46 . 65 narlow bootprint to and from the scene be make by size ten and a half wing walker - they be a type of boot specifically design to walk on the wing of plane , exclusively sell at military px 's . armstrong , write this down ... armstrong you can only buy at a px with a military i.d , so we suspect could be military . do you narrow you list off this ? narlow yeah . armstrong do vallejo ? narlow I do not know . I do not work in vallejo , I work here . armstrong can you send we a photo of the bootprint ? narlow yes , can you send we the handwrite stuff ? armstrong I though question document already do . narlow nope . vallejo 's get it , we do not . armstrong I be sorry , I will have question document - no , I will fax it to you . narlow we do not have a fax yet . armstrong okay , I will mail it . ( continued ) final shoot script 47 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 narlow we will mail ours but call mulanax , maybe vallejo can get you a mimeo quick . 66 int . vallejo police department -- day 66 mulanax why do not you just get a photo off the original plaster cast ? armstrong we would have to wait because they do not have a fax . mulanax we do not have a fax . armstrong look - I just want to get we coordinate . mulanax have you call solano sheriff 's Office ? armstrong why would I call solano ? mulanax Cause the two kid who get kill last Christmas be solano 's . armstrong I think they be vallejo . mulanax they be over the county line . you be gonna need to coordinate with they too . 67 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- evening 67 as armstrong hang up the phone . at the end of he rope . then he notice toschi 's face . grim . armstrong what now ? 68 final shoot script 48 . int . s.f.p.d. patrol car ( moving ) -- day 68 toschi and armstrong sit in the back of the black and white . in the front seat be two patrolmen , fouke and zelm . they drive through Pacific Heights . Close to the stine scene . patrolman fouke we get the call to circle the scene , look for a negro - toschi armstrong so this be three minute where be he ? after the shoot ? patrolman zelm patrolman fouke about three , yeah - there , where that woman be . toschi be you drive this way or the other way ? patrolman zelm this way . armstrong this be Jackson and maple . so , the cab be catty corner one block that way - toschi do you slow down ? patrolman fouke ( across to toschi ) of course we slowed down ! but dispatch say he be a negro male adult - toschi patrolman fouke they correct that . - this guy be white , not ina hurry , sort of lumber along - patrolman zelm armstrong but at the time they have not -— lumber ? patrolman fouke ( cont 'd ) ( answer armstrong ) like he be shuffle . ( continued ) 68 69 final shoot script 49 , continued : 68 armstrong he be stocky ? have a crewcut ? patrolman fouke yeah , but it be dark , he be ina dark jacket , we do not think - toschi do you talk to he ? patrolman fouke ( beat ) no . Zelm shoot hima look . silence . armstrong you need to sit down with a sketch artist , so we can get a new composite . neither of the patrolmen can look at he . toschi , realize , this be a nightmare for they , too . toschi guy ? it 's okay . the patrolmen 's face - no it 's not . ext . bus garage -- night 69 Sunday , October 19 , 1969 . close on - the composite sketch of zodiac as it 's be hand out to a collection of bus driver who sit in fold chair . smoke . bleary eye . toschi sit in front . look just as bad . toschi you number one priority be the kid - you hear shot , you get they down , lean on the horn and keep drive . you drive on the rim till you get to a populate area , then duck and cover . on the driver . Shell shocked . toschi rub he brow . toschi ( cont 'd ) I know you do not sign up for this , but we be do everything we can - — woman bus driver like what ? ( continued ) 69 70 71 final shoot script 50 . continued : 69 toschi surprised . a large woman bus driver in the third row . woman bus driver ( cont 'd ) I get two kid too scared to go near the window in we house much less to school . what be you do for they ? a general murmuring of support from the other driver . toschi , shocked into silence . woman bus driver ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . c'mon , johnny . the woman and several other rise to leave in disgust . toschi , watch they go . paralyze . finally ... toschi we be gonna catch this guy . we be gonna catch he and put he away . he mean it . the woman see this in he eye . she and the other retake they seat . int . graysmith's car ( moving ) -- morning 70 Monday , October 20 , 1969 . graysmith , drive David to school . stoneface . David , watch he . neither speak . both scared . as we hear a plane soar overhead ... ext . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 71 avery , work at he desk . the tv play continuous news footage of the buse . a shadow fall over he . graysmith . avery ( not look up ) I believe we discuss the loom - graysmith ( conspiratorially ) do you think they have consider the water theory ? avery look up at he . avery '' Water theory " ? ( continued ) final shoot script 51 . 71 continued : 71 graysmith geographically , every attack take place near a body of water , or a water base name . Lake herman Road , Blue rock Springs Road , and Lake berryessa - avery waaaash-ington and cherry ? graysmith you think ? avery no . graysmith I be look for pattern . I have be read this book " homicide investigation " by lemoyne Snyder ? he say you always look for pattern — avery no . you can not think of this case in normal police term . graysmith why not ? avery stare at he . he 's not go away . avery sigh and motion for graysmith to sit . avery consider the fingerprint . you have four crime scene - solano , vallejo , berryessa , and here . no usable print at the first three or on the letter ... 72 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 72 the print man bill hamlet sit at a fold table with a magnify glass , go through print on 3x5 card as toschi and armstrong look on , frustrated . toschi how do we master criminal suddenly come to the city and leave a bloody latent ? I mean , assume the glove be he , he shoot the cabbie , then take they off ? final shoot script 52 . 73 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 73 graysmith so it 's not he print ? avery maybe , maybe not , but that 's not the point . the first attack - graysmith David farraday and Betty Lou Jensen . avery both die , but from there on out , he only manage to kill the girl . graysmith not for lack of try . 74 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 74 armstrong mageau life , ferrin die . hartnell life , shepard die . he get so catch up with the woman , he forget to finish off the man . toschi plus , they be all couple , all lover lane . 75 ext . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 75 graysmith Paul stine 's not ... avery exactly . a beat . graysmith get it : graysmith a single male cab driver kill at Washington and cherry do not fit . avery so why do Zodiac kill he ? 76 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 76 toschi turn to armstrong , realize : ( continued ) 76 77 78 final shoot script 53 . continued : 76 toschi he 's break the pattern . int . toschi be bedroom -- night 77 October 22 , 1969 . asleep . the phone again . toschi reach for the light , it 's not there . pick up . toschi what ? armstrong ( 0.s. ) someone claim to be Zodiac call oakland p.d. a half hour ago . he say he 's gonna call in on Jim dunbar 's morning show . he want either f. Lee Bailey or melvin belli on to counsel he . toschi on television ? armstrong in three hour . toschi we better go wake up melvin . int . toschi be car ( moving ) -- night 78 toschi drive , armstrong sit shotgun . exhausted . toschi Animal cracker ? armstrong glovebox . a voice from the floor of the backseat : belli ( 0.s. ) be this window bulletproof ? we realize belli be already in the car , hide in back . toschi yes , melvin . armstrong give he a look - toschi shake he head " no " . toschi ( cont 'd ) you do not have to lie on the floor . ( continued ) final shoot script 54 . 78 continued : 78 belli ( 0.s. ) this man be a marksman . he could snuff I out at a moment 's notice . armstrong be you sure you be up to this ? belli ( 0.s. ) do not you worry , Inspector , I will be fine when the light come on . this man ask for my help . toschi you mean the man you be worried about snuffing you . belli ( 0.s. ) what be this , cookie ? dear Lord , man , do you ever clean this car ? as they turn into the kgo television parking lot . the entrance , swarm with reporter . toschi shit . belli ( 0.s. ) ( panicked ) good God , what ? armstrong kgo must have tip other station . flashbulb go off as they pull up . immediately , the cheerfully rotund attorney with a foppish fashion sense pop up from the floor , ready for the limelight . 79 int . backstage television studio -- morning 79 while toschi speak to the director in the glass control booth , armstrong stand briefing belli and host jim dunbar as both be be mike up for the broadcast . armstrong get he talk , convince he to meet you somewhere . if you see a opportunity , we want you to suggest Old St. Mary 's Church in Chinatown . dunbar you will be trace the call ? ( continued ) 79 80 81 82 final shoot script 55 . continued : 79 armstrong Pacific telephone say you have to keep he on for fifteen minute . belli we can do that , can not we Jim ? dunbar do not look as convinced . director ( 0.s. ) sixty second ! clear the set ! int . graysmith home -- morning 80 graysmith and David , sit . graysmith , turn on the tv - flip the channel to the channel 7 - dunbar sit face belli and converse to the camera . dunbar welcome to this special edition of we show in which we be join by attorney melvin belli who the Zodiac killer personally request to appear ... int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 81 avery and other reporter , in early to watch . Shorty sit with they . avery open a pad , ready to write . dunbar so , the phone line be open , Mr. belli be here - belli here to help , Jim . dunbar yes , here to help , and we ask the public not to call in so that the Zodiac himself can reach we ... int . control booth -- morning 82 through the glass we see belli and dunbar chatter banally , wait for the call . toschi , check he watch . jolted when the phone ring . the booth erupt . toschi Roll the tape , get the tape - a reel to reel tape recorder hook to the phone be activate . the director shush they as in the studio ... final shoot script 83 int . television studio -- morning belli hello ? silence . belli ( cont 'd ) hello , this be melvin belli . who be I speak with ? just the hiss of a open phone line . we pan through the booth . everyone on the edge of they seat ... 84 int . graysmith home -- morning graysmith and David watch . voice ( 0.s. ) this be the Zodiac speak . a chill go up graysmith 's spine ... 85 int . television studio -- morning belli be there something I can call you that 's a little less ominous ? a long beat . then : voice ( 0.s. ) " Sam " . belli Sam , be there somewhere we can meet and talk about this ? voice ( 0.s. ) meet I on top of the fairmont hotel . without anyone else or I will jump ! 86 int . control booth -- morning toschi scoops up a phone . speak rapidly . toschi I need a unit at the fairmont Hotel ... 56 . 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 final shoot script 57 . int . television studio -- morning 87 belli Sam ? voice ( 0.s. ) yes. belli do you think you need medical care ? voice ( 0.s. ) Medical , not mental . belli do you have health problem ? voice ( 0.s. ) I be sick . I have headache . belli I have headache too , but a chiropractor stop they a week ago . I think I can help you - click . " Sam " hang up . int . graysmith apartment -- morning 88 graysmith he know they be trace he call ... int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 89 avery , scribbling , try to get down ever word . dunbar ( 0.s . ) Sam , we would like you to know that we be not trace this call . it 's a long , difficult process and ineffective with this short call - the phone ring again . int . television studio -- morning 90 belli Sam ? a beat . ( continued ) final shoot script 58 . 90 continued : 90 voice ( 0.s. ) uh-huh ? belli Sam , we be not trace you call . Sam - you have my word . through the glass , toschi give he a thumb -up . voice ( 0.s. ) okay . belli Sam , you need to tell I what you problem be . 91 int . san francisco chronicle -- morning 91 avery , Shorty , and the Reporters , watch . voice I do not want to go to the gas chamber . I have headache . if I kill , I do not get they . shorty that 's fuck up . 92 int . television studio -- morning 92 belli you want to live , do not you , Sam ? well this be you passport . how long have you be have this headache ? voice ( 0.s. ) since I kill a kid . a beat as everyone take this in . belli do you have blackout ? voice ( 0.s. ) yes. belli do you have fit ? voice ( 0.s. ) no . I just have headache . ( continued ) 92 final shoot script 59 . continued : 92 dunbar do you attempt to call one other time when Mr. Bailey be with we two or three week ago ? voice ( 0.s. ) yes . dunbar why do you want to talk to Mr. Bailey - belli why do you want to talk to I ? voice ( 0.s. ) I do not want to be hurt . I do not want to go to the gas chamber . belli you be not go to be hurt if you talk to I . dunbar you be not go to the gas chamber . belli I would not think that they would ask for capital punishment . we should ask the district attorney - you want I to do that , Sam ? you want I to talk to the district attorney ? over the phone , we hear a SMALL scream . dunbar ( panicked ) what be that , Sam ? voice ( 0.s. ) I do not say anything . belli we hear a scream . in a small voice : voice ( 0.s. ) that be my headache . belli you sound like you be in a great deal of pain - ( continued ) final shoot script 60 . 92 92 continued : ( 2 ) voice ( 0.s . ) my head aches . I be so sick ... another scream . belli jump this time . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be go to kill they ! I be go to kill all that kid ! click . another hang up . 93 int . graysmith home -- morning 93 graysmith shut off the tv . David , in a small voice : david do I have to go to school today ? 94 int . san francisco chronicle -- morning 94 avery look down at he scribble note . avery I gotta file this . he race out of the room .... 95 int . control booth -- morning 95 toschi exhales . toschi Hell .... dunbar ( 0.s. ) we line be still open , Sam , and we ask you to please call back ... 96 int . san francisco chronicle -- avery office -- morning 96 insert - avery , type : potential zodiac call televi - hyman ( 0.s. ) Paul , he 's back on ! avery leap up and book back to the tv to see ... belli ( 0.s . ) ( on tv ) Sam , what do you want we to do ? 97 98 99 100 final shoot script 61 . int . television studio -- morning 97 voice ( 0.s . ) I feel awful lonesomeness . belli we should meet and talk . just we . voice ( 0.s . ) okay . belli how about Old St. Mary 's Church in Chinatown ? voice ( 0.s . ) no , I pick . in front of the Daly City St. Vincent De Paul at 10:30 . belli I will see you there . take care of yourself , Sam . click . he 's go . int . control booth -- morning 98 toschi scoop up the phone : toschi I need a address in Daly City ... ext . daly CITY street -- morning 99 a huge convoy of police car scream through the street . follow they be at least six news van . int . toschi be car ( moving ) -- morning 100 armstrong drive . toschi sit shotgun . toschi there be no way this guy show . they pull up to the St. Vincent De Paul . get out ... 101 102 final shoot script 62 . ext . ST . vincent do paul -- morning 101 cop everywhere . helicopter circle . in the midst of it all be a smile belli . he look to toschi and armstrong . belli you gent put on quite the secret meeting ! we pull back from the scene to take in all the hub-bub ... CUT to : int . control booth -- day 102 a reel to reel tape - play back the television program . bryan hartnell , the survivor from berryessa . listen . bryan it 's not he . Voice be too high , too young . toschi shut off the tape . toschi thanks for come down . bryan nod and get to he foot . it 's a slow , agonizing process because of he wound . armstrong go to help ... bryan I get it . armstrong step back . bryan finally manage to straighten up and grip a cane . he slowly hobble out of the booth . toschi watch he go . pain . once he 's out of earshot : armstrong they pull off the trace . we Daly City no - show call from a mental institution . toschi snort . armstrong ( cont 'd ) the operator from oakland PD be sure the man who call she have a deeper voice . calmer. ( pause ) could have actually be he . 103 final shoot script 63. ext . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 103 November 10 , 1969 . graysmith , step off the elevator to find ... the room be practically deserted . that can only mean one thing . he drop he briefcase and run . headed for the editorial room . round a corner to find it packed with people . theiriot 's faint voice in the center : theiriot ( 0.s. ) '' so I shall change my way of collect slave . I shall no longer announce to anyone when I commit my murder , they shall look like routine robbery , killing of anger and a few fake accident , etcetera . graysmith politely try to get through the throng towards the table . not want to jostle anyone . another reporter , whisper , fill graysmith in : theiriot ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) reporter the police shall never catch two new letter , I because I have be too mail a day apart ... clever for they . one - I look like the description pass out only when I do my thing , the rest of the time I look entirely different . I shall not tell you what my disguise consist of when I kill . two - as of yet I have leave no fingerprint behind contrary to what the police say about I , I wear transparent finger tip . all it be be two coat of airplane cement coat on my finger tip ... graysmith reach the table . theiriot , ringed by avery , hyman , peck , toschi and armstrong . theiriot ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) .-- I enjoy needle the blue pig . hey , blue pig , I be in the park , you be use firetruck to mask the sound of you cruise prowl car . Close on toschi's face . ( continued ) 103 104 105 final shoot script 64 . continued : 103 theiriot ( cont 'd ) hey , pig , do not it rile you up to have you nose rubbed in you booboos ? if you cop think I be go to take on a bus the way I state I be , you deserve to have hole in you head - ( flip the page ) oh , no . toschi let I see . he take the page . one - a crudely sketch diagram . toschi examine it as armstrong take the letter : armstrong take one bag of ammonium nitrate fertilizer , and one gallon of stove oil , and dump a few bag of gravel on top - it 's a bomb . toschi somebody need to call the army and see if this rube Goldberg contraption could actually work . armstrong Dave , take a look at this . he 's open the drip pen card to reveal - a huge new cipher . avery blink . look across the table to see graysmith ... omitted 104 int . morti be -- night 105 graysmith sit with avery . finally allow in to the inner circle . on the table - whiskey for avery and a huge blue umbrella drink for graysmith . as he sip it : avery so , tell I about yourself . you marry ? graysmith divorce . two kid . avery what do you do for fun ? ( continued ) final shoot script 64a . 105 continued : 105 graysmith well ... I like to read ... I enjoy book ... avery that be the same thing . ( lean forward ) ( more ) ( continued ) final shoot script 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 105 avery ( cont 'd ) why have you be go through my trash ? graysmith do not respond . look guilty . avery ( cont 'd ) how would you know he be go to send another code ? graysmith I guess . avery you guess . graysmith the first code be too easy . avery this can no longer be ignore - what be this you be drink ? graysmith you would not make fun of my drink if you try it . avery , break . he take the drink . take a sip and ... CUT to : graysmith and avery - later . now both have huge blue drink . both buzze now , the new code in front of they . he remove a vial of coke from he coat . tap some into a dish . Rolling the tip of a unlit cigarette in it . graysmith ( cont 'd ) who actually crack the code ? a marry couple who like puzzle . so what do that say about Zodiac ? avery he 's no expert . graysmith right . the first one be just a substitution code like the kind we all do as Boy scout , a be 1 , B be 2 , and so on - avery we be not all Boy scout . graysmith pull a rumple copy of the first cipher from he pocket and spread it out on the table . ( continued ) final shoot script 66 . 105 continued : ( 3 ) 105 graysmith it look hard , but you just have to know where to start - avery you actually carry that around with you ? graysmith why ? avery ( smile ) no reason . graysmith what be the most common double consonant in the English language ? avery consonant ? graysmith the double L. and what 's the one word we know Zodiac will use in here ? avery " kill " . graysmith exactly , so the harden start look for double symbol which they find here , here , and here - each with the same two symbol precede they . now they have get a repeat four letter word end with two symbol they assume stand for " L " - avery ( get into it ) and since they think the whole word be " kill " - graysmith that give they the symbol for " k " and " I " . and they be on they way . avery so how do someone go from a be 1 and B be 2 to this ? ( continued ) 105 106 final shoot script 67 . continued : ( 4 ) 105 graysmith the same way I do . he go to the library . graysmith open he briefcase and pull out a stack of library book . hold up the first one . graysmith ( cont 'd ) " the codebreaker " . in the preface , the author present a simple substitution alphabet . 8 of the 26 symbol he suggest be in the first Zodiac cipher . avery what about other symbol ? the medieval look one ? graysmith I think they look medieval too . then I find a cipher use during the Middle Ages in here . ( pull a second book ) guess what the cipher be call . the Zodiac alphabet . a beat . avery take the book . look at the page . the Zodiac alphabet sit there , many symbol identical to the first code . avery , light the cigarette . take graysmith in . avery Jesus , kid ... what do you want out of this ? graysmith what ? nothing - avery what 's you angle ? this be good business for everyone but you . graysmith how can you call this business ? int . toschi be apartment -- night 106 toschi , up late . stare at the letter . Big band play on the phonograph . he absently munch animal cracker as he reread the line over again : what you do not know be whether the death machine be at the sight or whether it be be store in my basement for future use ( continued ) 106 107 108 final shoot script 68 . continued : 106 toschi's wife come to bed . he look up at she . a beat . toschi I have to make a call . he pick up the phone and dial . she head for the bedroom . on the other end , groggy : armstrong ( 0.s . ) hello ? toschi not many people have basement in California - armstrong ( 0.s. ) '' basement for future use " , yeah . I will have vallejo and Napa check with they city planner . get some sleep . toschi look to the bedroom . then back to the letter . no chance of that tonight . ext . melvin belly townhouse -- night 107 December 29 , 1969 . bleary eye , toschi and armstrong climb the step to belli 's richly appoint residence . belli ( v.o. ) ( overly dramatic ) dear melvin , this ... be the Zodiac speak . int . melvin belly townhouse -- live room -- night 108 Close on toschi and armstrong , pad out , take note . belli across from they , read the newest zodiac letter . belli I wish you a happy christmass . the one thing I ask of you be this , please help I . I can not reach out for help because this thing in I will not let I . widen to show that belli have call the police there in the middle of a dinner party . the hoi palloi of San Francisco stand behind toschi and armstrong , gasp at belli 's dramatic read of the letter he just receive . ( continued ) final shoot script 69 . 108 continued : 108 belli pause as he housekeeper deliver a hot toddy . belli ( cont 'd ) thank you . ( clear he throat ) I be find it extremely difficult to hold it in check I be afraid I will loose control again and take my ninth & possibly tenth victim society woman melvin , he 's reach out to you ! armstrong poor fellow . belli inspector , he send the letter directly to my residence instead of the papers . it 's a cry for help , intend as a private communique . toschi which be why you contact the press . belli the people have a right to know . ( offer ) toddy ? armstrong when do the letter arrive ? belli in the last week . I be away for the holiday , on safari . what do you gentleman do for Christmas ? toschi you be look at it . belli you must see Africa . the cradle of civilization . fascinating people . beautiful . savage . murmur of agreement from the partygoer . armstrong back to the killer who write you ? ( continued ) final shoot script 70 . 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 belli yes , of course . it 's my belief he only pen this letter because he could not get through to I on the dunbar show or here . toschi he call here ? belli several time . I be out , but he speak with my housekeeper . do not leave a number . armstrong he 's crafty like that . mind if I ask she some question ? belli not at all , though the real story be the letter . armstrong I will be back . he exit to go look for the housekeeper . belli , focus he attention on toschi . belli this be a window into this man 's soul . killing be he compulsion - though he try to ignore it , it drive he . it 's in he blood . toschi could be . or maybe he just like attention . 109 ext . highway 132 -- night 109 March 22 , 1970 . outside modesto . late . a lone duster of a sedan rattles down the highway , the only car in sight . 110 int . sedan ( moving ) -- night 110 kathleen johns at the wheel . sweet face , 30' . change lane . from nowhere , headlight be suddenly behind she . Kathleen signal . change lane so the headlight can pass . they do not . they pull up behind she . flashing now . Kathleen keep drive . the other driver become more insistent . honking . motion for she to pull over . finally she do . pull to a halt on the shoulder of the road . the other car pull in behind she . ( continued ) final shoot script 71 . continued : 110 and as it do , we tilt to see ... Kathleen 's sleeping baby on the seat next to she . a man walk up . we don't see he face . Kathleen , nervous . think maybe this be not the best idea . she reach to put the car back in gear when : the man ( 0.s. ) ( apologetic ) I hope I do not scare you . you right wheel be loose . Kathleen relax . feeling dumb for be scared . kathleen really ? the man ( 0.s. ) I could tighten the lug for you . kathleen would you ? the man ( 0.s. ) can not be too careful . he go back to he car and retrieve a lug wrench . kneel down behind she back tire , out of sight . he 's down there a long time . Kathleen check she rearview . can not see he . just as she 's get nervous again .... the man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) all do . she turn , he 's stand by the passenger door . kathleen thank you . the man ( 0.s. ) no problem . have a good night . he walk away . Kathleen , watch he go back to he own car . he get behind the wheel . start back up . headlights on . put the car in gear . pull back onto the highway . pass she . she watch he tail light go . she put she own car in drive and pull out ... she only get fifty yard when she right wheel crunch off the axle in a shower of SPARKS ! the baby , waking , crying ... Kathleen fight for control , wrenching the wheel right , manage to pilot it to the shoulder . Kathleen , breathe hard . pick up she baby . try to quiet he . through the windshield , we see the man' car slowly pull a u-turn . ( continued ) 111 final shoot script 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 110 the headlight , come back . she 's too involved with baby to notice until : the man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? she jump at he voice . he 's pull alongside she . kathleen yeah , i- yeah . the man ( 0.s. ) must have be worse than I think . I could give you a lift toa service station . Kathleen look back to she tire . make a decision . gather up she baby and get out of the car . the man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know you have a baby . Kathleen stop . kathleen be that a problem ? a long beat ... the man ( 0.s. ) the more the merrier . int . man' car -- night 111 trash everywhere . Kathleen slide into the passenger seat . her baby on she lap . they pull onto the highway . Riding in silence . quite fast . the baby , cry . Kathleen uncomfortable . she light a cigarette . smoke a little . still the man do not speak . she stub the butt out nervously . finally see a gas station come up . relieved . but the man do not slow down . they pass it . kathleen I think you pass a gas station . the man it be close . she look at he . tries to regroup . they be speed up . do near 70 . the man crank down he window . howling air fill the car . Kathleen 's baby whine at the cold . ( continued ) 112 113 final shoot script 73 . continued : 111 kathleen shhhhhh . it 's okay . mommy 's here . the man look over at she . the man before I kill you , I be go to throw you baby out the window . Kathleen blink . do he just say ... CUT to : int . woman' car ( moving ) -- later 112 a woman drive highway 132 . listen to music . a big rig , stop ahead . the driver in the middle of the road pleading with a hysterical woman . she pull over ... ext . highway 132 -- night 113 the woman get out of she car . before she can even ask truck driver she be on the side of the road ! the hysterical woman be kathleen and she 's scream bloody murder . face cut bloody from jump from the car . gravel in she hair . and no baby in sight . woman what happen ? what he do to you ? truck driver I do not do nothing , lady ! I find she like this - Kathleen , gasp and weep as she try to form word kathleen muh-muh - muh - woman what ? what be it ? it will be okay - kathleen ( through sob ) he say - my baby - woman you baby ? ( to the Driver ) where 's she baby ? ( continued ) 114 115 final shoot script 74 . continued : 113 truck driver she do not have one when I stop - woman where 's you baby ? still weep , Kathleen turn and begin to stumble away from they . head for the side of the road . the Driver pale . truck driver oh , Jesus ... the woman , follow she and we do to , as Kathleen slide down the embankment and push some tall grass aside and - her baby lie there . perfectly fine . safe. alive . woman you hide he ? kathleen in - in case he come back ... ext . san francisco chronicle -- morning 114 April 20 , 1970 . toschi ( v.o. ) this be the Zodiac speak ... toschi and armstrong , get out of they car . walk toward the Chronicle 's entrance ... toschi ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) by the way have you crack the last cipher I send you ? as they push through the front door ... int . san francisco chronicle lobby -- morning 115 April 28 , 1970 . match to - toschi and armstrong enter the lobby . wearing different clothes . a different day . armstrong ( v.o. ) this be the Zodiac speak ... they step into the elevator ... armstrong ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I would like to see some nice Zodiac button wander about town ... the elevator door close - ding ! 116 117 final shoot script 75 . int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 116 June 26 , 1970 . ding ! the elevator door open - toschi and armstrong in a third set of clothes . another day . avery ( v.o. ) this be the Zodiac speak ... walk briskly to the editorial room ... avery ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I shot a man sit in a park car with a .38 . as graysmith watch , they close the door . graysmith ( v.o. ) this be the Zodiac speak ... int . morti's -- night 117 July 24 , 1970 . graysmith read a copy of the newest letter aloud : graysmith so now I have a little list , beginning with the woman and she baby that I give a rather interesting ride for a couple hour one evening a few month back that end in my burn she car where I find they - ( put down the letter ) we be really not go to run anymore of he letter ? he look over to avery who slug back a shot . quite drunk . avery we brother in blue want we to hold off . to see how he " react " . graysmith four letter in three month and he do not mention Kathleen johns till now ... avery that 's because he 's full of shit . graysmith what do you mean ? ( continued ) 118 final shoot script 76 . continued : 117 avery you do not know ? he get to he foot . unsteady . avery ( cont 'd ) I will show you . int . san francisco chronicle -- archive -- night 118 Dark . the stack , desert . key in the door . light come on . avery weave into the room , lead graysmith . graysmith I do not think we be suppose to be in here - avery that 's why I have key , Robert . I be a man with key . pull the modesto bee from March for I . I be gonna sit and smoke . graysmith go . avery , true to he word , sit and light up . graysmith 's voice , from the stack : graysmith ( 0.s. ) what be I look for ! avery Kathleen johns ! also , grab the chron from - never mind , I will find it ! time CUT to : 118a boom ! avery drop a copy of the Chronicle on the table next 118a to the modesto bee . avery okay , look at the letter again . the part about Kathleen johns . what fact do he give ? graysmith woman and she baby abduct ... car set on fire ... avery now read the article from the bee . graysmith begin read a article entitle " woman escape from zodiac " . ( continued ) final shoot script 77 . 118a continued : 118a avery ( cont 'd ) see it yet ? graysmith everything in the letter be already print in the paper . avery he 's do it before . hold up the Chronicle . a front page story about a police officer shoot . avery ( cont 'd ) Officer Richard radietch , shot sit in he car . graysmith Zodiac say he shot someone in they car - avery couple day after this article come out . Police already have somebody in custody . Zodiac do not do it , but he take credit anyway . he 's in it for the press . ( drunken grin ) he 's construct a image . shit , he even steal he symbol . graysmith what ? on avery . realizing he might have say too much . avery if I tell you something , will you promise not to tell anyone else ? graysmith who be I go to tell ? avery totally solid point . okay . he pull a piece of paper from he pocket and hand it to graysmith , who unfold it . graysmith it 's a magazine ad for a watch - ( continued ) final shoot script 78 . 118a continued : ( 2 ) 118a avery a Zodiac watch . look at the face . graysmith do . and right in the center of the watch face be the gunsight zodiac symbol . graysmith oh , my goodness ... avery that 's right . I think it 's only place that word and that symbol have ever appear together before the letter . guy steal he logo off a watch . graysmith why would someone who 's kill thirteen people do that ? avery claim he 's kill thirteen people . but which one can we actually confirm ? the three in vallejo , the one at berryessa , the cabbie and that 's it . ( off he look ) Bobby ... you almost look disappointed . 119 int . toschi be car -- night 119 October 11 , 1970 . toschi and armstrong . sitting . we do not know where . toschi munch animal cracker . armstrong Chief 's pull everyone off the bus . Business as usual . toschi something will shake loose . armstrong not a peep in four month . first he can not shut up and now ... toschi maybe we drive he underground . armstrong maybe he 's go . toschi reach down for another cracker . the box be empty . ( continued ) final shoot script 79 . 119 continued : 119 toschi happy birthday . armstrong thanks . toschi put the car in drive ... 119a ext . WASHINGTON and cherry -- night 119a ... and we realize they have be sit vigil at the stine scene . we hold on the corner as the two man drive away . 120 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- morning 120 October 28 , 1970 . graysmith in a chipper mood , buy a cup of coffee from shorty . graysmith do it ever bother you that people call you " Shorty " ? shorty do it ever bother you that people call you " retard " ? graysmith nobody call I that . Shorty just stare at he . confused , graysmith walk over to avery , who 's sorting through he mail and watch the tv on the wall , which play a PRESS conference . candidate ( on tv ) I believe some clue be overlook in the murder of darlene ferrin ... graysmith who 's that ? avery Florence Douglas , mayor of vallejo . she 's run for governor . he open one letter . bill. toss it . candidate ( 0.s. ) in the last year we have receive ten piece of correspondence from the Zodiac , and still be no closer as to he identity ... ( continued ) final shoot script 80 . 120 continued : 120 avery and sayonara police endorsement ! good work , flo. another letter . junk. toss it . graysmith do anybody ever call I name ? avery you mean like retard ? graysmith yeah . avery no . another letter . open it . he stop cold . graysmith do not notice . still watch the television . avery ( cont 'd ) oh , my God ... the sound of all avery 's letter , falling to the floor . graysmith turn to see ... a bloody piece of paul stine's shirt . fall from a envelope that bear avery 's name . avery ( cont 'd ) I touch it ... 121 int . editorial room -- morning 121 avery , toschi , armstrong , peck , and hyman sit , a greet card between they . skeleton on the front . hyman Paul , we do not run he last letter . you write the bulk of the Zodiac article . it 's only natural for he to get frustrated and try and communicate with you - avery fuck " communicate " read that . the front read : from you secret pal . below that be a print verse . toschi read aloud : ( continued ) final shoot script 81 . 121 continued : 121 toschi I feel it in my bone , you ache to know my name , and so I will clue you in ... use the tweezers to open the card . finish the rhyme : toschi ( cont 'd ) .-- but then why spoil we game ! boo! happy Halloween ! Inside the card - another skeleton , paste from a different card and sketches of eye peering out . below that : peek -a - boo - you be doomed ! 4 - teen silence as they stare at it . toschi ( cont 'd ) do not you call he a " latent homosexual " in one of you article ? avery rap he fist on the table . avery I want a gun . 122 int . gun range -- day 122 boom ! boom ! boom ! on a target as the bullet miss it completely . avery finish empty a huge gun . graysmith , stand next to he , hold a newspaper . reading aloud : graysmith " ... Paul avery 's investigation have earn he a message from the Zodiac himself warning - " you be doom " . as a result , several chron newsman be wear lapel button read I be not Paul avery ' . " graysmith lower the paper . revealing he wear one of the button . avery lower he gun and we see he wear one too . graysmith ( cont 'd ) you should really be sell this . ( continued ) 122 123 124 final shoot script 82 . continued : 122 avery ( reloading ) it 's be a windfall since they publish the threat on my life . this one guy will not stop write . I be gonna meet he tonight down south in " Riverside " . you want to tag along ? graysmith tonight ? I kind of have a date . avery raise he eyebrow , reloading . graysmith ( cont 'd ) who 's this tipster ? avery he wish to remain anonymous . I , of course , wish to remain infamous , so we be gonna get along great . he turn and unload the gun again . deafening . ext . san francisco street -- evening -- ( rain ) 123 use a newspaper as a umbrella , graysmith hurry through a light rain to a restaurant . late for he date ... int . italian restaurant -- evening -- ( rain ) 124 graysmith enter , soak . late . fumble he way up to the table where he date be sip wine . her name be melanie . graysmith you must be Melanie . melanie which would make you Robert . graysmith it would . glynnis tell I a lot about you - oh , good , you already have wine . melanie I do . graysmith I be so sorry , how late be I - ( continued ) final shoot script 83 . 124 continued : 124 melanie just a few minute . I only just get here - he knock over a glass . grab a napkin , dab up the spill . graysmith sorry - I mean , good . traffic be terrible , I be at a gun range . melanie glynnis say you be a cartoonist , what be you do at a gun range ? graysmith reading . I think I need more napkin - ( as he sit ) so , you work with glynnis ? melanie for she , actually . graysmith she seem very nice but my kid be afraid of she - melanie I too . so , the gun range ? graysmith I be kind of help out on - you know the Zodiac ? melanie yeah . graysmith do you know who Paul avery be ? melanie why do that sound familiar ? graysmith he 's the writer Zodiac threaten . melanie yes , I see that on tv . graysmith well , I work near he - he 's follow a lead tonight . ( more ) ( continued ) 124 final shoot script 84 . continued : ( 2 ) 124 graysmith ( cont 'd ) he go down to Riverside to meet a anonymous tipster . where be Riverside ? melanie I think it 's near L.A. graysmith you know , I do not think he know it 's that far . she laugh . he smile . melanie it sound dangerous . graysmith yeah . what do you mean ? melanie well , it 's a anonymous tip , right ? graysmith yes ... melanie so it could be a ambush . it could be Zodiac . seem kind of stupid . graysmith yes , well ... Paul have a gun . melanie oh. okay . a beat . Melanie pick up she menu . melanie ( cont 'd ) so , what 's good here ? graysmith ( look around ) uhhh , I have never be here before . the spaghetti ? a waiter appear . waiter be you ready to order ? ( continued ) final shoot script 85 . 124 continued : ( 3 ) 124 melanie yes ... I will have the penne vodka , but could you do it in a cream sauce ? waiter of course . and you , sir ? she look - he have not pick up he menu . preoccupy . melanie ( to the waiter ) could you give we another minute ? the waiter depart . instead of look at the menu , graysmith begin search he pocket . graysmith you do not have any change , do you ? I do not have any - wait . ( pull a coin out ) no , that 's a penny . melanie do you need to make a phone call ? graysmith well , when you say it be dangerous - I start think that 's true , it be dangerous - melanie and stupid . graysmith so stupid , that 's right . I want to call he wife to see if she 's hear from he . Melanie stare at he . she pick up she purse . melanie I have change . 125 omitted 125 126 omitted 126 127 omitted 127 128 omitted 128 129 130 131 final shoot script 86 . ext . san francisco STREET -- pay phone -- night -- ( rain ) 129 graysmith and Melanie , huddle half in and out of a phone booth . soak as graysmith feed coin into the phone . then dial . rotary . it 's take forever . graysmith sorry . I be sorry . it would be so much easier if we have wrist radio , would not it ? melanie I do not quite know how to answer that , Robert . he finish dial . finally : graysmith it 's ringing . hello ? Mrs. avery ? oh , Ms. St. James . but you be marry to Paul avery ? good . oh , sorry , this be Robert graysmith , from the Chronicle . be everything all right ? ( pause ) well , no , of course everything should be all right . I do not mean that it be not , I mean - I be sure you be fine , everyone 's fine . but , have you hear from Paul ? ( pause ) I do not mean you should have hear from he - no , it 's not a bad thing , I just want to make sure he 's , you know ... alive . he wince at the response he get ... ext . riverside -- night -- ( rain ) 130 avery pull up to a curb . across the street , a fence off old car wash . he recheck the address . this be it . he shut the engine and get out of the car . cross the street . hop the fence . approach the dark building ... avery hello ? int . phone booth -- night -- ( rain ) 131 graysmith , hang up the phone . he turn to Melanie . ( continued ) 131 132 final shoot script 87 . continued : 131 graysmith she will call when she hear from he . melanie good. graysmith ( can not believe it ) I actually have to go home . to wait for the call . Melanie stare at he . melanie be this some sleazy plan to get I to come back to you place ? graysmith oh , my goodness , no , I be sorry - melanie I will get the food to go . ext . abandoned car wash -- night -- ( rain ) 132 avery try the glass door . lock . knock . nothing . wipe some dirt off . squint through . nobody inside . avery hello ? I be suppose to meet someone ? no reply . avery step back . collect himself . he walk around the building . come to the car entrance . avery ( cont 'd ) hello ? be anyone in there ? no response . avery take a few tentative step in . avery ( cont 'd ) I get you letter ? still nothing . he fumble out he gun . waving it around in a terrible parody of a cop . more step in . avery ( cont 'd ) I have a gun ! movement behind he . he whip around and point the shaky gun at a man stand there . a awkward moment . ( continued ) final shoot script 88 . 132 continued : 132 avery ( cont 'd ) hi. Paul avery . voice ( 0.s. ) that 's not what you button say ... 133 int . graysmith home -- dawn 133 graysmith , phone by he side . up all night . Melanie curl up on the couch , still in she dress . she blink awake . melanie anything ? graysmith no . you do not have to stay - melanie be you kid ? this be the most interesting date I have ever have - the phone ring . graysmith , snatching it up : graysmith Paul ? 134 int . questioned document -- morning 134 avery on the pay phone in the hallway . through a door , we see sherwood morrill examine something ... avery you be not gonna believe this ... 135 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- morning 135 toschi enter to find the place in a uproar - phone ringing off the hook . glare from other cop . toschi what the hell be this ? armstrong ( 0.s. ) Dave , in here ! toschi look - the voice come from final shoot script 89 . 136 int . captain lee' office -- morning 136 toschi find Captain Lee and armstrong watch a morning newscast on Lee 's small portable black and white tv : newscaster ( on tv ) ... in a bizarre twist , the hunt have become hunter . Chronicle reporter and Zodiac target Paul avery claim to have uncover new information regard the only unsolve homicide in Riverside County 's history - a 1966 Southern California murder that avery now believe be the Zodiac 's first victim . toschi what ? captain lee he do not call you about this ? armstrong ( point at tv ) hang on . now show footage of a interview with avery : avery ( on tv ) the Riverside killer write to the press letter that I take personally to the Office of question document . interviewer ( on tv ) and what do this expert tell you ? avery ( on tv ) what I know in my gut , ron . the handwrite match Zodiac 's ... armstrong how would he get the evidence out of Riverside ? toschi he take it to sherwood without tell we , that son of a bitch ... ( continued ) final shoot script 90 . 136 continued : 136 Lee go over and turn off the television . captain lee you know how bad this look ? toschi we do not know how real the lead be - armstrong it 's very real . you know how I know ? because I see it on tv . silence . they know he 's right . captain lee get on a plane , but keep it quiet . if it hit the press you be meeting in Riverside , it automatically confirm avery 's story , right or wrong . 137 int . plane -- day 137 November 16 , 1970 . toschi find he seat next to narlow and mel nicolai . narlow Dave , you know mel nicolai , he 's work the case for justice ? toschi good to see you , mel . nicolai all due respect , can someone explain to I why I be read about break in this case in the Chronicle instead of get call from you ? toschi they screw we . narlow Dave , you do get you name in the paper a lot . people talk . toschi I do not talk about open investigation period , ken. pilot ( 0.s. ) please prepare for departure ... ( continued ) final shoot script 91 . 137 . continued : 137 toschi lean back in he seat when a pass passenger clap he on the shoulder . avery , grin : avery Dave ! narlow and nicolai look on in disbelief . avery ( cont 'd ) Paul avery , good to meet you , Paul avery . can I catch a ride with you gent when we land ? toschi not a good idea , Paul . avery I gotta take a cab ? we be go to the same place - ( off toschi 's look ) Fair enough , fair enough . he head a few row back to he seat as narlow and nicolai stare dagger at toschi ... 138 int . riverside police station -- day 138 toschi , narlow , and nicolai shuffle into captain irv cross 's office . toschi , extend a hand . toschi thanks for see we , Captain . captain cross not at all . you have some file for we ? toschi I will show you mine you show I yours . time CUT to : 138a Cross 's desk , litter with file . he read from he murder 138a Book , by rote : captain cross cheri jo bate attend Riverside Community College . ( more ) ( continued ) final shoot script 92 . 138 continued : 138 captain cross ( cont 'd ) study in the library the night of October 30 , 1966 , leave with a unidentified male at close - 9 p.m. , body be find the next morning in the parking lot stab to death . her car be disabled , someone pull the distributor coil which cause the battery to die . the suspect show up , offer to help - narlow like Kathleen johns ? captain cross who ? narlow a woman outside of modesto , might be a Zodiac victim - toschi might be . her account 's in , uhhhh , this file . he tap one of the many on Cross 's desk . captain cross okay - a typewritten confession be send to the Riverside Press Enterprise November 29th , a month after bate ' murder . they run it . he hand they copy . narlow , read : narlow " it be not sick , I be insane , but that will not stop the game . this letter should be publish for all to read " - he want to publish , he call it a game , sound like we boy . captain cross six month later , the police , the girl 's father , and the paper all receive this . he slide they a second letter , this one handscrawle : bate have to die there will be more 2 toschi double postage , like Zodiac . ( continued ) final shoot script 93 . 138 continued : ( 2 ) 138 nicolai this be what sherwood morrill match to the Zodiac letter ? captain cross this and the desktop . Don ? a Riverside Officer enter , carry a small library desk . captain cross ( cont 'd ) this be find a couple month later in library storage . the cop crowd around it . the poem , carve into wood . sick of live / unwilling to die cut . clean . if red / clean . blood spurting drip spill ; all over she new dress . oh well , it be red anyway . life drain into a uncertain death . she will not die . this time . someone 11 find she just wait till next time . rh nicolai sherwood get a handwrite match off wood ? nobody carve in they true handwrite . captain cross also , we letter and you letter , they do not bear much resemblance . he put " bate have to die " next to the Paul stine letter . narlow how do Paul avery get the exemplar to give to sherwood ? ( continued ) final shoot script 94 , 138 continued : ( 3 ) 138 captain cross I give they to he . we speak at length , and I tell he we be meeting today . toschi you tell he ? captain cross yes . I also tell he we do not think this be Zodiac . toschi blink . toschi wait a minute - captain cross we have a guy we like for it . do not have enough to make it stick yet , but we be pretty sure it 's he . toschi if you do not think it 's Zodiac , why do you give anything to avery ? captain cross I be try to cooperate - toschi by give information to reporter ? narlow ( try to defuse ) look , I do not know from handwrite but sherwood say it 's a match , right ? so maybe you guy do cheri jo , type the confession , Zodiac see it in the paper and write the letter to take credit . he 's do that before . captain cross look , you now have everything we have , but in my opinion ? you all come south for nothing . 139 ext . riverside police station -- afternoon 139 toschi , narlow , and nicolai , leave . ( continued ) 139 final shoot script 95 . continued : 139 nicolai fubar , gentleman . fubar . narlow I do not care what he say , this could still be 2 . toschi Problem be , the entire state already think it be . narlow spy avery across the street , wait for they . narlow why do not you complain to you press agent ? as avery approach , narlow and nicolai take off . toschi deliberately move in the other direction . toschi really do not want to talk to you right now , Paul - avery Dave , just a few question - toschi not now . avery it 's news . I be do my job - toschi well , now I can not do my job , Paul . we be already screw with the amount of tip we get and you just freak out the entire state ! toschi ( cont 'd ) avery I have get vallejo , Napa , and ( as he write ) DOJ look at I sideways , " ' out of the fry pan and Riverside tell I I be ona into the fire ' the normally snipe hunt and - cooperative lead inspector " - toschi slap the pad out of avery 's hand . avery cheri bate be a gift ! you and armstrong be never gonna find she - ( continued ) final shoot script 96 . 139 continued : ( 2 ) 139 toschi this may not be Zodiac . do that matter to you ? do it matter that Riverside may not be able to make a case against they suspect ? avery tell that to sherwood ! I be beat the bush , try to draw he out ! we be in this together - toschi no , we be not in this together because I be not worried about upping my circulation ! avery toschi he write I ! he threaten Paul - my life ! avery it 's be a year and a half , bullit , be gonna catch this fuck guy or not ? silence . toschi , mad enough to spit . toschi fuck yourself Paul . you should have call I . he stalk away . leave avery to pick up he pad . 140 omitted 140 141 int . graysmith apartment -- live room -- morning 141 graysmith , read the morning paper - " zodiac riverside connection confirmed - by Paul avery " . he take out a pair of scissors and begin clipping it for he file ... 142 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- morning 142 toschi , sit with the same paper . the phone all around ringing off the hook . armstrong , across from he . armstrong here come Southern California ... 143 144 145 146 147 final shoot script 97 . int . hall of justice -- interview room -- day 143 a exhaust toschi sit across from a informant . the latest in a countless string of interview . informant 1 I think my mailman be the Zodiac killer ... we begin a series of cut - different informant , different location - talk to either toschi or armstrong : informant 2 ... tell I she father be the Zodiac , I would just finish pork she , woman do not lie then ... overlapping - to toschi in a live room : 144 informant 3 ... find a note on my car say " Zodiac be come for you " ... overlapping - now to armstrong in a diner : 145 informant 4 ..- he 's on the pot - you find pot on the letter , right ... overlapping - to toschi at the precinct : 146 informant 5 ...- I try tell the lapd but they just will not listen ! overlapping - to armstrong over the phone : 147 informant 6 ..- he 's kill geographically , cut a big " Z " across the state . armstrong write - giant Z on a notepad , and as the voice continue , we see other pad fill up with word like - landlord , radian , binary , witchcraft , semaphore , and Manson and telephone number and name and more number and more name and the voice grow and grow and grow and the word torrance be write on a pad and finally : ( continued ) 147 148 final shoot script 98 . continued : 147 informant 7 ( 0.s. ) he say he favorite book be " the most dangerous game " . armstrong look up , interested for the first time . we be in int . science dynamics build -- day 148 July 26 , 1971 - torrance , California . armstrong sit with don cheney and sandy panzarella . panzarella we be roommate with leigh 's brother in college and leigh would come down sometimes . then - tell he about the conversation - cheney New Year 's Day , 68 . I go over to leigh 's house . he would be out of work a couple month . armstrong what do he do ? cheney he be a teacher . lose he job over " politics " or something . teacher - fire ? go onto the pad below New Year 's 68 . cheney ( cont 'd ) he be drinkin' coor , get a load on . start talk about hunt people , like that book . say how you can put a light ona gun to use as a sight in the dark - armstrong he say that ? cheney yeah . so I ask he , " how would you get away with it ? " he say it would be easy , cause there would be no real motive to the thing . then he say he would write letter to the police and call himself Zodiac to mess with ‘em . panzarella leigh like mess with people . ( continued ) 148 continued : final shoot script 99 , 148 armstrong you be sure it be " Zodiac " ? cheney yeah , I think it be a stupid name . so I tell he . he get all upset and say " I do not care what you think , I think about it a long time , and that 's the name I be gonna use . " armstrong he would be think about it a long time . cheney he be raw about lose he job at the school . talk about shoot out the tire of a school bus and pick off the " little darling " . armstrong he use that word ? cheney that 's what make I remember . afterwards I tell my wife I do not wanna see he again and I have not since . other thing be , leigh 's into skindive . I know he 's be up to that lake a bunch of time , the one in Napa - armstrong berryessa . do you ever go with he ? cheney couple time we go fishing by putah Creek near there . panzarella tell he when you put it together . cheney about a year ago in the paper , there be a story about the Zodiac , and it all come back . I try to call the local cop - panzarella they blow he off . think he be a nut . ( continued ) final shoot script 100 . 148 continued : ( 2 ) 148 cheney so I say forget it . but then I tell Sandy about it - panzarella I make he call Manhattan Beach p.d . I get a friend there I know would take it seriously . armstrong and you be sure you conversation about Zodiac happen on the first day of 1968 ? cheney could not have be any later cause I start a new job in LA on January 20th . I have to move . 149 int . hall of justice -- hallway -- day 149 toschi and armstrong , pass cop , walk and talk . toschi here 's the problem . this guy ... armstrong Arthur leigh Allen . toschi this guy Allen , he just lay out he entire evil plan to a fishing buddy on New Year 's Day ? armstrong I do not know . he 's angry , he 's drink , he 's be think about it for awhile ... I can buy that . toschi why do not Cheney come to we sooner ? armstrong I check , he try . first record contact with a PD about Allen be in pomona , January 10th , 1970 . he get lose in the shuffle . toschi do Cheney have anything against Allen - do Allen screw he wife or something ? ( continued ) 149 150 151 final shoot script 101 . continued : 149 armstrong we will do a full background , but I gotta tell you - I like this guy . toschi pause in the door to the homicide unit . toschi let 's try and pull handwrite ... int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 150 armstrong , on the phone with nicolai . intercut : armstrong he be a public school teacher , they should still have a record of he application , right ? nicolai yeah . what school ? armstrong ( check note ) Valley Springs . also , he may have be in the navy which match up with the boot thing . nicolai I will see what I can get for you . you throw a head - up to mulanax ? armstrong I be about to . nicolai have he check vallejo bank , if Allen 's get a account they should have check stub . int . diner -- afternoon 151 armstrong , have lunch . toschi enter and take a seat . toschi sherwood call , he get the sample . ( be : sandwich ) be that pastrami ? armstrong tear off half and hand it to he . ( continued ) final shoot script 102 . 151 continued : 151 toschi ( cont 'd ) check stub be a wash , cause there 's so little write on they . the application 's get more , but he say it do not look like Z . he 's not ruling he out , but he can not rule he in either . armstrong well , that 's ... vague . toschi ( chew ) he need more sample . oh , also - we guy 's a perv . when mel get the application from Valley Springs , they tell he Allen have be fire for touch kid . armstrong touch ? toschi polite euphemism . what do you want to do ? armstrong let I make a few call . he rise to leave . toschi , shouting after he : toschi can I have the rest of you - armstrong ( 0.s. ) yes ! 152 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 152 armstrong , on the phone with panzarella . intercut : armstrong do you and Mr. Cheney have a chance to look at the copy of the Zodiac letter we send ? panzarella yeah , some of that stuff be creepy . armstrong we know . ( continued ) final shoot script 103 . 152 continued : 152 panzarella no , I mean creepy like leigh . he misspell word like that , think it 's funny . and he make up rhyme , too . like that one " I feel it my bone , you ache to know my name " ... very leigh . armstrong what about the handwrite ? panzarella I do not know . do not you have expert for that stuff ? armstrong we man at question document say it 's inconclusive . panzarella maybe he do it with he other hand . armstrong the letter be a little too neat for someone to have write with the wrong hand - panzarella not for leigh . armstrong lean forward in he chair . armstrong what do you mean ? panzarella he 's ambidextrous . he can write with both hand . do not you know that ? 153 int . captain lee' office -- evening 153 toschi and armstrong , sit with Captain Lee . armstrong here 's we theory - in every day life Allen use he leave hand , job application , letter to friend , etcetera . but he write the Zodiac letter with he right hand produce a different handwrite that he can not be link to . ( continued ) 153 154 155 final shoot script 104 . continued : 153 toschi we gotta go see this guy , Chief . captain lee where be he ? armstrong vallejo , he work at Union oil in pinole . he 's also get a brother who life up there . captain lee see them both . and bring mulanax in , it 's he backyard . toschi because that work so well in Riverside . ( off Lee 's look ) cooperation at all cost , that 's we . ext . pinole -- union oil refinery -- day 154 August 4 , 1971 - vallejo . establish . a huge complex . int . union oil refinery -- break room --— day 155 a foreman lead toschi , armstrong , and mulanax into the cramped meeting room . pinole foreman you can talk to he in here . Coke machine 's bust , by the way . toschi look over at the machine , out of order since 1957 . toschi no kid . pinole foreman I will go get he for you . the Foreman leave . mulanax turn to the other . mulanax how do you want to do this ? toschi Bill talk to the informant . he lead , we follow ? ( continued ) 155 final shoot script 105 . continued : 155 mulanax okay by I . armstrong nod - " fine " . footstep in the hallway . heavy . the detective turn to the close door in anticipation . the door open ... and arthur leigh allen fill it . over 200 lb . Close cropped buzzcut with gray hair . confused . armstrong step forward , all business . immediately : armstrong Mr. Allen , I be Inspector Bill armstrong , this be Inspector David toschi , and that 's sergeant Jack mulanax - we be investigate the Zodiac murder in San Francisco and vallejo . sit , please . Allen do . nervous . armstrong ( cont 'd ) a informant notify we that you make certain statement eleven month prior to the first Zodiac murder and if they be true , they be quite incriminate . do you recall have any such conversation ? leigh allen no . mulanax have you ever read or hear about the Zodiac ? Allen , surprised the second cop have join in . leigh allen when it be first in the papers , sure . I do not follow up after that first report . armstrong why not ? leigh allen because it be too morbid . I tell all this to the other officer . now it 's the detective turn to be throw . armstrong which other officer ? ( continued ) final shoot script 106 . 155 continued : ( 2 ) 155 leigh allen from vallejo . mulanax shoot toschi a head shake - " I do not know " armstrong do you remember the officer 's name ? leigh allen no . but it be right after the murder at the Lake . mulanax and what do you tell this officer ? leigh allen I tell he that I would go to Salt Point that weekend to skin dive . I be alone but I meet a couple there . I have they name at home if you want they . mulanax that would be great , Arthur . leigh allen leigh . mulanax what ? leigh allen leigh . nobody call I Arthur . also , that day when I come home , my neighbor see I . it be about four . I forget to tell the officer about that . armstrong what 's you neighbor 's name ? leigh allen Bill White . but he die about a week afterwards . heart attack . so I never call to follow up . ( suddenly ) the knife I have in my car with blood on they , the blood come from a chicken I kill for dinner . the three detective , stunne . mulanax what ? ( continued ) final shoot script 107 . 155 continued : ( 3 ) 155 leigh allen that weekend , there be two knife in my car . maybe Bill see they and call the first cop on I . mulanax we will be check on that . let I ask you something else , be you in Southern California at any time during 1966 ? leigh allen you mean about the Riverside kill ? a beat . mulanax yes . leigh allen I guess I be down there around the same time . I use to go down a lot , I like the auto race . armstrong look over at toschi , who still have not speak . " do you want to jump in ? " toschi stay quiet . observe . armstrong we informant tell we you be ambidextrous . leigh allen no . that 's untrue . armstrong you can not write with both hand ? leigh allen they try to make I when I be little , but I could not . I be leave hand . mulanax he also say you make statement about kill school child . Allen , become upset . leigh allen no . that 's horrible . that 's a horrible thing to say ... ( continued ) final shoot script 108 . 155 continued : ( 4 ) 155 armstrong so you be not angry about be fire from Valley Springs for touch you student ? Allen look up at he . tear in he eye . leigh allen I be not the Zodiac . and if I be , I certainly would not tell you . silence ... and then toschi finally speak : toschi that 's a nice watch . leigh allen thank you . toschi can I see it ? Allen hold it up for they . it 's the Zodiac watch . toschi ( cont 'd ) where do you get it ? leigh allen it be a Christmas gift from my mother two year ago . toschi that 's sweet . tell I something , Arthur , do you remember anyone you might have have a conversation with regard the Zodiac ? leigh allen maybe Ted kidder or phil tucker at vallejo recreation , but I be not positive . I use to work there ... ( suddenly realize ) ohhhh , the most dangerous game ! armstrong what ? leigh allen the most dangerous game ! that 's why you be here be not it ? best thing I read in high school . ( more ) ( continued ) 155 156 final shoot script continued : ( 5 ) leigh allen ( cont 'd ) it 's about this man who wait for people to get shipwreck on he island because he 's tired of hunt animal , so he hunt the people for the challenge . toschi man be the most dangerous animal ? leigh allen that 's the whole point to the story ! great book . the whistle outside the plant blow . lunch . leigh allen ( cont 'd ) May I go ? toschi yes . thank you for you time . Allen rise to leave ... leigh allen I be willing to help you in anyway possible . I can not wait until the day come when police officer be not refer to as " pig " . armstrong thanks . we will be in touch . Allen exit the room . the detective stand there . toschi so ... do anyone think this suspect warrant further investigation ? 109 . 155 int . JOHN and catherine allen residence -- vallejo -- evening 156 toschi , armstrong , and mulanax sit in the home of JOHN and catherine allen - Allen 's brother and sister - in - law . armstrong , lay out papers on the coffee table . armstrong this be copy of the letter Zodiac send we . would you mind take a look at they ? JOHN allen you think my brother 's the Zodiac . ( continued ) final shoot script 110 . 156 continued : 156 toschi he 's someone we be look at . catherine allen be you go to arrest he ? armstrong it do not work that way , Mrs. Allen . we do not go around arrest people because we be interested in they as suspect . Catherine begin examine the letter . JOHN allen leigh 's always be troubled . mulanax be it true about the child ? JOHN allen unfortunately . we do not see he much anymore . since we find out . toschi note the toddler toy on the floor . armstrong what 's you feel about Don Cheney ? JOHN allen Don Cheney , my old roommate ? be he the one who contact you ? armstrong that 's confidential , sir . John consider this . JOHN allen Don 's a very reliable guy . if he be to tell you something , I would believe it to be true . Catherine suddenly stab a finger down at a letter . catherine allen this one . toschi what about it ? catherine allen here , where he spell Christmas with two s's . ( continued ) 156 157 final shoot script will . continued : ( 2 ) 156 they look at the belli letter - this be the Zodiac speak . I wish you a happy christmass ... catherine allen ( cont 'd ) we get a Christmas card from leigh a couple year ago . he spell it the exact same way , " Christ -mass " . silence . John Allen look up to the cop : JOHN allen what can we do to help ? int . hall of justice -- captain lee' office -- day 157 toschi , briefing they Captain . toschi the brother 's gonna search leigh 's bedroom next time he go out of town . captain lee get you around a search warrant . toschi for now . if we get something , mulanax will take it to the vallejo da to search the house properly . we also talk to the cop who interview Allen before . do not remember how he get onto he but say he do not look like a killer , so he do not like he for Z . captain lee but you do . toschi I wish we could have take he in right there . captain lee take it slow . try and get more stuff to sherwood , a match will get you a lot farther with the warrant — armstrong poke he head in from the squad room : armstrong Dave , you get avery on two . ( continued ) final shoot script 112 . 157 continued : 157 toschi tell he to screw . armstrong should I communicate that verbatim or can I spice it up a bit ? 158 ext . san francisco chronicle -- morning 158 avery , asleep in he car . park across from morti' . a rapping on the window . avery awake with a jolt . graysmith . avery get out , hungover . begins walk to the Chronicle . graysmith I have be think - avery God save we all . graysmith the letter to melvin belli . it be send exactly one year after the Lake herman Road murder . and the one to cheri bate ' father and the Riverside paper be send exactly six month after she death . she be kill a day before Halloween , you receive a Halloween card - avery all fascinating piece of minutiae , Roberto , but it 's a little early in the day - graysmith it 's eleven . you miss editorial . avery spectacular . 159 omitted 159 159a int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 159a graysmith and avery exit the elevator . pass shorty , who raise he hand in mock surrender : shorty do not shoot , avery ! take what you want , but leave I my life ! he break up , cackle . avery , not break stride : ( continued ) final shoot script 113 . 159a continued : 159a avery suck my nut , short man . shorty ( good naturedly ) fuck you and the retard ! graysmith why do he keep call I that ? they reach graysmith 's desk . graysmith ( cont 'd ) do you think I should call toschi about the pattern of the letter ? avery and alert he little banana republic ? they be hold back . he have not call in week . graysmith you think they have a suspect ? avery have not the foggiest . but do I have a surprise for he ... 160 int . hall of justice -- day 160 armstrong walk over to toschi 's desk . armstrong hiccup with Cheney - Allen make " improper advance " toward he daughter . toschi when ? armstrong in ' 67 . could give Cheney a motive against Allen . toschi okay , but why would Cheney go see he after that ? if someone be mess with you daughter would you go spilt a six - pack with he ? detective ( 0.s. ) armstrong , Catherine Allen on one ! ( continued ) 160 161 final shoot script 114 . continued : 160 armstrong here go nothing ... armstrong pick up . toschi listen in . armstrong ( cont 'd ) thanks for get back to we . catherine allen ( 0.s. ) I have not be able to find the Christmas card I tell you about . armstrong that 's okay , just keep look . catherine allen leigh move he trailer up to Santa Rosa this weekend for school , so John searched he bedroom at my mother 's house . he do not find any code or knife ... armstrong what about something we can test for handwrite ? int . questioned document -- afternoon 161 toschi and armstrong , stand next to morrill as he check the handwrite exemplar for Allen . this time , toschi be silent . morrill lower the magnify glass and sigh . morrill this suspect be not you Zodiac . toschi do this sample match he check stub and application ? morrill perfectly . armstrong then we just retested he leave hand ! we already know he 's ambidextrous - — morrill in my thirty - eight year of experience , I have never see anyone that ambidextrous . both hand would have commonality . I be sorry , but this just will not work . final shoot script 115 . 162 omitted 162 163 omitted 163 164 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 164 toschi scoops up he ringing phone . intercut : toschi homicide , toschi . mulanax Dave , Jack mulanax . we strike out with the judge . he will not sign off on a warrant for Allen 's house . toschi why not ? mulanax he say it 's not enough . unless we bring he a handwrite match or some evidence - toschi how be we gonna get evidence if we can not even toss he house ? mulanax I do not know . I be sorry . 164a int . captain lee' office -- day 164a toschi and armstrong with Captain Lee . captain lee what do you want to do ? toschi do not know what we can do without vallejo . we need Allen 's other hand , and we can not get it without a warrant . captain lee be there other guy you should be look at ? toschi and armstrong exchange a look . toschi about twenty - three hundred . ( continued ) final shoot script 116 . 164a continued : 164a captain lee okay then . a beat . they turn and leave . 165 int . san francisco chronicle -- peck office -- day 165 avery . circle under he eye . underweight . loung on a couch across from peck . peck you can not go on like this . avery like what ? happy and horny ? he light a smoke and grin . peck hold up a letter . peck you write the Department of justice and ask to be put in charge of the Zodiac investigation ? avery I merely suggest that that with intimate knowledge of the case create a information clear house to promote a exchange and freeflow of idea . peck and that you run it . avery who better than I ? the " mark man " . peck lean forward , unamuse . avery rise . peck if you want to work here I need three thing - one , stop booz - two , stop whatever else you be do - and three , cut this kind of nonsense out . unsteady on he foot . ( continued ) final shoot script 117 . 165 continued : 165 avery dear templeton , if at any time you feel my excellent work be not in step with you piece of shit rag , I will more than happily decamp for greener pasture . he exit through the door . peck shouting after he : peck I mean it ! 166 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 166 graysmith at he desk . he look up at peck 's shout to see avery wobble towards he . graysmith what be that about ? avery a little editorial tete - a- tete . let 's get a drink . graysmith it 's ten in the morning . avery a early lunch . graysmith be you okay ? avery stare at he for a moment . touched . avery not at all . but thank you for ask . avery clap he on the back . avery ( cont 'd ) hey , Shorty , wanna get a drink ? shorty fuck , yeah ! they head for the elevator . hyman , pass by . hyman Paul , where be you go ? ( continued ) 166a ext . transamerica build -- timelapse -- effect shot as it finishes construction . final shoot script continued : avery merely raise he arm , shoot he the finger . turn around . graysmith . watch he until the door close . so how do you want to start do this ? 118 . 166 not he get in the elevator with Shorty . on prelap : armstrong ( v.o. ) fade to : 166 a toschi ( v.o. ) we need to recheck benson and Flowers - captain lee why do Napa keep call about a Rick Marshall ? toschi I be iffy on Marshall , but vallejo 's on benson and Flowers ... mulanax ( v.o. ) I look at benson and Flowers , they be moron , but they be not Z - toschi ( v.o. ) narlow have not get Marshall 's print yet - armstrong ( v.o. ) so it 's not benson or Flowers ? mulanax ( v.o. ) no ballistic match - toschi ( v.o. ) sherwood say he 's a no - cover a year . over this : armstrong ( v.o. ) what about the watermark - — toschi ( v.o. ) what about the postmark ? captain lee ( v.o. ) every letter except the last one be postmark San Francisco - morrill ( v.o. ) there 's a eaton watermark on the first three letter , but then it change to a " fifth Avenue " watermark which be sell at woolworths - parole officer ( v.o. ) this parolee David carpenter have not check in , I think he look pretty good as you guy - narlow ( v.o. ) I really like he for it - narlow ( v.o. ) no way it 's he . morrill ( v.o. ) it 's not he handwrite - ( continued ) final shoot script 119 . 166a continued : 166a armstrong ( v.o. ) toschi ( v.o. ) Big fat no on Marshall - carpenter be in custody at the time - toschi ( v.o. ) armstrong ( v.o. ) it 's a dead end , Chief - we have get nothing . silence . the pyramid - finished . then : catherine allen ( v.o. ) it 's be awhile since we have hear from you . 166b int . JOHN and catherine allen residence -- evening 166b armstrong sit across from Catherine Allen . armstrong we have a lot of case , Mrs. Allen and a lot of suspect on this case - catherine allen you have move off my brother - in - law . armstrong we could not get the warrant . catherine allen last year we arrange to get leigh help from a social worker . he only go twice . we see he recently . the first time in nine month , he mother bring he by to see the new baby - after he come by , I go to that social worker . he could not talk about a former patient . I tell he he be a Zodiac suspect and just ask he straight if he think leigh be capable of kill people - armstrong but because of patient confidentiality - catherine allen the man say yes . armstrong stare at she . ( continued ) final shoot script 120 . 166b continued : 166b armstrong why have not you see he in nine month ? catherine allen he 's go to school in Santa Rosa . armstrong Santa Rosa ? where 's he live ? catherine allen in he trailer . 166c int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- evening 166c toschi look up as armstrong enter . toschi we gotta go check a Z tip on mare Island - armstrong the trailer in Santa Rosa . toschi what ? armstrong leigh Allen . the one he life out of while he go to school . toschi lean back , he attention capture . armstrong ( cont 'd ) you be Z . you have take trophy - a wallet , key , bloody shirt . be you gonna hide they in you mother 's house or in you own trailer ? 166D int . hall of justice corridor -- evening 166D toschi and armstrong , walk with Captain Lee . captain lee it 's in Santa Rosa ? armstrong sonoma County . we would not have to go through the vallejo d.a. ( continued ) 166D continued : final shoot script 121 . 166D captain lee it 's be eleven month since you talk to this guy , now you want to search he trailer ? toschi if we find something , great , if not , at least we get he print and handwrite from both hand . turn a corner : captain lee I think sherwood shut you down . toschi what if we could get a second opinion ? 166e int . questioned document -- pascoe' office -- day 166e toschi with handwrite expert terry pascoe . pascoe I do not want to step on sherwood 's toe , he train I at this - — toschi Terry , all we need to know be - if the suspect be ambidextrous , could he have write the letter with he other hand ? pascoe off the record ? there be differ school of think on this . get sample from he other hand . if he 's the Zodiac , you will get a match . 166f int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- night 166f Captain Lee sit on the edge of toschi 's desk face the two detective . armstrong ...we get that from pascoe , meanwhile I speak to a psychologist who would be willing to testify that someone who undergoe a personality change like Zodiac would manifest it physically , alter he handwrite - ( continued ) final shoot script 122 . 166f continued : 166f 167 168 169 toschi which be why sherwood do not get a match from Allen 's sample . we have get pascoe and this psychologist , couple with Cheney it could be enough for the warrant . Lee rise , head for the door . captain lee get Cheney on the record . int . bectel corporation build lobby -- day 167 don cheney listen as armstrong rapidly read off a list of statement : armstrong ... that on January 1st 1968 , Arthur Allen tell you about hunt people , that he say he would attach a light to a gun and shoot people in lover ' lane area and would write letter to confuse the police , that he would shoot the tire off a school bus and shoot the kiddie as they come bounce out , and that he would call himself Zodiac . cheney yes . armstrong and you would be willing to swear to this under oath in Superior Court ? cheney without any hesitation . omitted 168 int . captain lee' office -- day 169 toschi , armstrong and Captain Lee stand around a speaker phone . on the other end be Santa Rosa d.a. JOHN hawke . captain lee John , I get Dave toschi and Bill armstrong with I and we think they have get enough for a warrant . ( more ) ( continued ) 169 continued : final shoot script 123 . captain lee ( cont 'd ) they be go to take you through this . I be assume you have get Mr. Cheney 's statement ? santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) ( through phone ) yup . captain lee okay . guy ? armstrong open he note . armstrong suspect be Arthur leigh Allen , current residence , sunset trailer Court , Santa Rosa , California . physical description - Allen be similar in height , weight , and build to a man see at Lake berryessa the day of the stabbing . santa rosa d.a . I understand he do not look much like the San Francisco composite . armstrong true he height and weight be sketchy , but lumber caucasian with crewcut be right on - toschi ( break in ) we never have much confidence in the composite from the kid - even the patrolman who see Zodiac say he do not look much like that sketch . armstrong military bootprint - Allen be a navy man and wear size 10 1 / 2 , the same size find at berryessa - santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) what about gun ? armstrong Cheney say Allen own several firearm . we will list they all in the warrant . santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) and the cipher ? ( continued ) final shoot script 124 . 169 continued : ( 2 ) 169 armstrong could be code training in the navy , and people have see Allen with cipher in the past . santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) really , who ? toschi his sister in law , and a guy name phil tucker who he work with at a public pool . armstrong tucker also tell we he have a conversation with Allen about how to attach a flashlight to the barrel of a gun . captain lee John , that 's two source on the cipher and two on the flashlight . santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) what about he threat on child ? captain lee suspect work at elementary school and be fire for molestation in March / April ' 68 - could give he motive . armstrong at the very least , it 's home turf ; he would have knowledge of bus route , which both threat center around . santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) what about the bomb ? armstrong Allen work as a chemist , which mean he know the compound need to create explosive . captain lee take he through the geography . armstrong vallejo murder - Allen life in vallejo with he mother in she basement . ( more ) ( continued ) final shoot script 125 . 169 continued : ( 3 ) 169 armstrong ( cont 'd ) berryessa murder - the day the kid be stab , Allen 's neighbor see bloody knife in he truck which he claim be use to kill a chicken . santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) do he have any alibis ? armstrong he claim he do , but have be unable to produce the name of a '' couple " he supposedly meet on the day of berryessa - toschi bottom line be , Allen can not alibi up on anything - Riverside , vallejo , the Lake , or we . now tell he about the name . santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) what name ? armstrong " Zodiac " . Allen wear a watch that bear both the word and the crosshair symbol . and he mention Zodiac to Cheney a year and a half before it appear in any letter . they stare at the phone , await the response . finally : captain lee John ? santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) that 's pretty good , guy . captain lee we think so too . santa rosa d.a. ( 0.s. ) let 's take it to a judge ... 170 ext . allen' trailer park -- day 170 September 14 , 1972 . toschi and armstrong get out of they car along with Santa Rosa d.a. investigator cameron and Santa Rosa detective roy . the four man walk in silence . reaching the trailer . toschi turn to armstrong . ( continued ) 170 171 final shoot script 126 . continued : 170 toschi you ready ? armstrong nod . toschi turn and knock on the door ... it swing open on it 's own . unlocked . detective roy Mr. Allen , this be the Santa Rosa Police Department ! we have a warrant to search you residence ! no response . toschi shrug and step inside ... int . allen' trailer -- day 171 dank . blind draw . nobody home . detective roy I will check with the neighbor . he duck out . stack of book and clothes in every corner . a chatter sound and a animal smell . rank . like shit . toschi wrinkle he nose . then he see - cage squirrel . stack on top of the book . some run around the trailer free . toschi try to step over they . crack a window for the smell . Roy return . detective roy ( cont 'd ) neighbor say he tore out of here about a half hour ago . you think somebody tip he ? toschi do not matter , we be not leave till he come back . shall we ? they begin poke around . armstrong ( to cameron and Roy ) help I with the bed ? they grab hold of the bed . move it to reveal - a wooden dildo . a huge jar of petroleum jelly . toschi , in the kitchenette . check the fridge . spotty with food . open the icebox - toschi Jesus ! armstrong what ? ( continued ) 171 172 final shoot script 127 . continued : 171 toschi squirrel . armstrong , not understanding . he come to look - there be a frozen squirrel in the icebox . detective roy piece of work , this guy . armstrong nod . move to check the drawer in the live room . toschi , search the closet . toschi two blue windbreaker . detective roy like at the stine scene ? toschi ( root around ) yup , but no blood - hey , hey black glove . size seven , same as we find in the cab . he 's get the same shoe size and glove size as Z - I be sure it 's just a coincidence - armstrong , check the drawer . one , two three - he stop . armstrong Dave , I get a gun . check that - two gun . both . 22' . one automatic , one revolver - toschi that 's interesting , because he 's get a m - 1 rifle in he closet . armstrong go to look . a .30 cal carbine . a beat . armstrong for little darling who come bounce off bus ? toschi smile . the sound of a car outside ... ext . trailer park -- day 172 Arthur leigh Allen , pull up in white kharmann ghia - identical to bryan hartnell 's . Allen get out . lumber . slow when he see the detective . toschi hi , Arthur . remember we ? final shoot script 128. 173 omitted 173 173a int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- night 173a toschi and armstrong sit in chair , wait for the result . nervous . through the glass to Lee 's office we see the Captain talk on the phone . hang up . open the door . captain lee no. toschi on the handwrite ? captain lee ballistics - no match , print - no match , write - no match . armstrong on both hand , right , we get write from both of he hand - — captain lee and neither hand match . toschi tell sherwood to try again - captain lee fellas . he 's not you guy . silence as this sink in . toschi stand and leave , slamming the door . Lee head after he , leave armstrong sit there , equally devastate that they be wrong ... 174 omitted 174 175 int . hall of justice - stair - night 175 toschi stalk outside , fume . Lee emerge behind he . captain lee what do you want ? time off ? a hug ? toschi turn . toschi you know what the worst part be ? I can not tell if I want it to be Allen so bad because I think it be he , or because I want all of this to be over ... ( continued ) 175 continued : final shoot script 129 . captain lee because you think it be he . and I do too . ( pause ) maybe you should take some vacation . spend some time with the wife and kid . go to candlestick . captain lee ( cont 'd ) take in a movie . CUT to : 175a on a giant movie screen - JOHN vernon ( the mayor ) read a killer' letter that 's project on a screen in he office . 176 176a 176b 177 JOHN vernon ( the mayor ) to the city of San Francisco - I will enjoy kill one person everyday until you pay I one hundred thousand dollar ... int . movie theater -- night hundred of San Francisco 's elite sit in they finery watch a police screen of dirty Harry unspool in front among they , toschi and he wife . of they . JOHN vernon ( 0.s. ) if you agree , say so tomorrow morning in the personal column , San Francisco Chronicle and I will set up a meeting ... on the movie screen - the shot be now a close - up of the letter ( which look very Zodiacish ) : JOHN vernon if I do not hear from you , it will be my next pleasure to kill a Catholic Priest or a ... Vernon pause in distaste - the word be " nigger " . CUT to Close on Vernon as he read the killer 's signature : JOHN vernon ( cont 'd ) Scorpio . in the audience - on toschi 's face . watch . numb . int . movie theater -- later late in the movie - toschi , almost at the end of he rope . ( continued ) 175 175 a 176 176a 176b 177 177 177a 177b final shoot script 129a . continued : 177 scorpio killer ( 0.s. ) I have get seven kid from the fourth Street School , now listen , I have get the bus - onscreen - scorpio be hold a woman bus driver hostage in 177a front of a yellow school bus fill with kide . ( note - from here till the end of the write dialogue clint eastwood do not appear onscreen - in other word clint eastwood will not appear in this movie ) . a little girl try to get off the bus , interrupt he ransom call : scorpio killer - come on now , honey , that 's a good girl , back in the bus ... ( she go - into phone ) and I have get the bus driver . here she be , just tell he . in the audience - toschi lean over , whisper to he wife : 177b toschi you want some popcorn ? toschi's wife do you want I to come with you ? he shake he head . rise and head for the exit , scoot past other audience member , enrapture by the movie . only one other person in the theater notice toschi go - graysmith . sitting with melanie . he watch toschi leave ... bus driver ( 0.s. ) it be not my fault , he have as gun - scorpio killer ( 0.s. ) just tell he you name ... 178 final shoot script 130 . ext . movie theater -- night 178 toschi stand alone under a banner dirty Harry . try to light a smoke in the wind . graysmith ( 0.s. ) the good guy shoot he in the chest . that 's how it end . toschi turn to see graysmith . he look shake by the whole thing . we two heroes , stand there . meeting for the first time . toschi stare at he . toschi I know you . graysmith I work at the Chronicle . Robert graysmith - maybe Paul avery 's mention I ? toschi no , that 's not it ... they shake hand , graysmith mask he disappointment . toschi ( cont 'd ) Dave toschi , nice to meet you . behind they , the theater door OPEN . the invigorate audience pour out , head for the afterparty . the police commissioner , pass by , in high spirit . police commissioner Dave ! that Harry callahan do a hell of a job close you case , huh ? toschi sure do , commissioner . good thing he do not let due process get in the way , huh ? the commissioner give he a funny look but chuckle anyway and move on . toschi look back to graysmith . ( continued ) 178 179 final shoot script 131 . continued : 178 toschi ( cont 'd ) so what do you do over at the paper ? graysmith I be a cartoonist . toschi that 's good . that 's a good job . make people laugh . his wife appear , take he arm . ready to leave . toschi ( cont 'd ) Nice meeting you . he turn to leave when graysmith you be gonna catch he . you be Dave toschi . toschi turn back . smile and shake he head . toschi pal ? they be already make movie about it . graysmith do not know what to say . toschi head off . we hold on graysmith , stand on that cold street corner as we fade out silence blackness . 179 be it over ? then , - faint music . of the time . the mid 70' . and news report . something about ... watergate ? Bobby Fischer ? saigon ? squeaky fromme ? and there 's rock and roll and funk and the beginning of disco and Patty hearst and Zebra murder and " Son of Sam " and it build and build until ... four year later appear on screen and we CUT to : final shoot script 132 . 180 int . graysmith apartment -- night 180 a baby girl - lift to she parent 's shoulder ... and it 's graysmith . older . Hair closer cropped . a expert at this . he bounce he daughter margot who coo . newscaster ( 0.s. ) -.- have confirm that columnist Jimmy breslin of the New York Daily News have receive a letter pen by the Son of Sam . dubbed the .44 caliber killer by the press and later " Son of Sam " by himself , the killer begin he rampage in 1976 , target couple in park car , and communicate with authority through a series of handwritten letter . interest pique , graysmith head to the live room . more feminine now that a wife life here . it 's late , everyone else asleep . newscaster ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) if any of this sound familiar to we viewer , it 's because we own fair city once have a very similar brush with the macabre . in light of the event in New York , tonight , we look back on what police call " a cold case " , possibly the most famous in history - the Zodiac . graysmith sit . intrigue . footage of Zodiac letter . newscaster ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) shortly after a connection be establish between a unsolve 1966 murder in Riverside and the cipher slayer , Zodiac 's letter become more infrequent , and finally nil . many believe he be dead . but Inspector David toschi have different idea . file footage of toschi . ( continued ) final shoot script 132a . 180 continued : 180 newscaster ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) toschi , who rise to public prominence for he investigation into both the Zodiac and the Zebra murder , be currently make headline as the next possible Chief of Police . along with he partner William armstrong , toschi be the only San Francisco detective still work a case that at one time command the attention of hundred of policeman . now it 's down to just two . and the killer , still at large , who haunt they . 180a ext . san francisco STREET corner -- night 180 a toschi and armstrong pull up to a curb by armstrong 's apartment building . done for the day . ( continued ) final shoot script 133 . 180a continued : 180a armstrong begin gather up he stuff . preoccupy with something . maybe even upset . toschi notice . toschi you want to keep the car tonight ? armstrong it 's you turn . toschi I know , but if you drop I at my place , you can have it . armstrong look out the window - he wife stand in the door to the building , wait . toschi see she too . strange . armstrong turn back to toschi . have to tell he . armstrong you should keep the car . toschi yeah ? armstrong I be not come in tomorrow . toschi what 's up ? armstrong I be do . I put in for a transfer . toschi where ? armstrong I be look at fraud . I can not be on call anymore . toschi I understand . armstrong Rather watch my kid grow up , you know ? toschi yeah . hey , good for you . armstrong you will be okay ? ( continued ) final shoot script 133a . 180a continued : ( 2 ) 180a toschi I will be fine . armstrong smile . get out of the car . thinks of something . armstrong hey ... I be not leave you hold the bag on anything , be I ? he mean Zodiac . toschi know it . toschi nope . armstrong okay . toschi hey , now you get time to get that sushi . ( continued ) final shoot script 134 . 180a continued : ( 3 ) 180 a 180b 181 182 183 184 armstrong smile . walk to he building . toschi see he go to he wife . he wave . she wave back , know what just transpire . he watch the armstrong disappear inside . then drive away . omitted 180b omitted 181 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- day 182 the news room . different . Old face go . New face there . a young reporter set up shop at what use to be avery 's desk . graysmith watch . finally walk over . graysmith hi. Robert graysmith . jenning ( absently ) duffy jenning . graysmith watch he get comfortable in avery 's chair . graysmith the guy who use to sit there be a great reporter . jenning I be sure he be . I mean , it 's a honor to leave the Chronicle and go work for the Sacramento bee . he thread a piece of paper into he typewriter . jenning ( cont 'd ) Nice meeting you . ext . WASHINGTON and cherry -- night 183 October 11 , 1977 . the eighth anniversary of stine 's death . toschi sit in he car like always . except this time , the passenger seat be empty . he 's alone . toschi sigh and put the car in gear . driving away . we hold on the corner ... until a yellow cab pull up to it . the passenger get out and pay the driver . graysmith . take in the scene for the first time . int . graysmith's apartment -- night 184 graysmith , sit on he couch , go through yellow newspaper clipping from Zodiac . turn page after page . ( continued ) 185 186 final shoot script 135 . continued : 184 the headline flitting past - " 'I have kill Seven ' Zodiac claim " , " Zodiac send New letter say he 's kill ten " , " New Zodiac letter claim 17 + " , " cop no closer on Zodiac 's Identity " - a voice by he ear : melanie " I be not Paul avery . " graysmith start . Melanie laugh . melanie ( cont 'd ) the boy need tuck - in and the poop machine need change . graysmith flip you for it ? melanie you wish . ( look at the book ) no one have more Zodiac crap than you . graysmith blink at this . look down at the album . the same name at the top of every article - by Paul avery . ext . harbor -- sunset 185 graysmith walk down the dock among houseboat . come to one in particular - with sheet metal over the window . he knock on the door . coughing from inside . it crack a little to reveal avery . face gaunt . eye bloodshot . look like hell . take in graysmith . then : avery you gotta be fuck kid . int . avery houseboat -- sunset 186 avery lead graysmith inside , clear away some of the mess . graysmith , a little surprised at the state of thing . graysmith I hope I be not interrupt anything ... it 's clear from he surroundings the only thing graysmith have interrupt be avery play pong . ( continued ) 186 final shoot script 136 . continued : 186 avery not at all . ( be : pong ) have you see this thing ? it 's mesmerize ... graysmith yeah . yeah . so ... how have you be ? avery can not complain . bee 's not exactly the chron , but fuck it , right ? work be work . you want a drink ? he begin make a mixture of gin and ice . graysmith do not worry about it - avery no worry at all , my friend . nobody come by from the old day - what we get ourselves here be a occasion . ( raise the bottle ) to you health . and mine . mostly mine . he raise he bottle in toast . graysmith raise he glass . notice it 's filthy . avery drink deeply . graysmith do not . put the glass down . graysmith it 's good to see you , Paul . avery smile at he and settles into a chair . avery so , what 's new ? he take a seat . graysmith take a deep breath . graysmith I have be think . avery yeah ? graysmith somebody should write a book . ( continued ) final shoot script 137 . 186 continued : ( 2 ) 186 avery " somebody " should write a book about what ? graysmith about Zodiac . avery that 's not new . be that why you be here ? graysmith ( pitching he ) nobody know more about the case than you . you have the file - if you put together all the information , it could jog something loose - avery lose the file . graysmith ( horrify ) you lose they ? avery lose they or toss they , who care , man ? graysmith but you want to be in charge of the investigation ! avery that be a long time ago . ( refilling he glass ) we work in the daily business as in to -day . what do you think we be do back then ? you do not really think it be important ? ( off he look ; laugh ) oh , Jesus ... we be just try to sell newspaper . more people die in three month on the East Bay commute than that idiot kill . he offed a few citizen , write a few letter , and fade into footnote . what , Gray , do you think I be just sit here wait for you to drop by and reinvigorate my sense of purpose ? ( continued ) 187 188 final shoot script 138 . continued : ( 3 ) 186 silence . graysmith rise stiffly , suddenly formal : graysmith thank you for you time . he head for the door . as he go : avery it 's be four year , Bobby - let it go . he turn back to face avery . graysmith I do not care what you say . it be important . it be important . avery well , what the fuck do you ever do about it ? graysmith what - avery if it be so important , what do you do ? hover over my desk ? stole shit out of wastebaskets ? oh , I be sorry , I be be unkind . you go to the library . this hit hard . avery may be mad , but he 's right . a beat . graysmith sorry to have bother you . he turn and go . ext . harbor -- sunset -- ( rain ) 187 graysmith get into he car . it 's begin to rain . he sit behind the wheel . breathe hard . take it all in . he come to a decision . put the car in gear and drive . int . graysmith apartment -- night -- ( rain ) 188 late . graysmith come in from the rain . stack of book under he arm . Melanie , watch tv . look up as he enter . melanie where have you be ? he disappear into the bathroom . we hear water run . ( continued ) final shoot script 138a . 188 continued : 188 graysmith ( 0.s. ) the library . 189 int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 189 toschi at he desk . he look up to see graysmith . graysmith hi. toschi ( no idea who this be ) hi. a beat . graysmith we meet at the movie once . toschi it must have be magical . graysmith I be Robert graysmith , I work at the Chronicle . I be wonder if I could buy you lunch . 190 int . diner -- day 190 graysmith and toschi sit across from each other . toschi chow down on a burger . graysmith ignore he food . ( continued ) final shoot script 139 . 190 continued : 190 toschi so you be a friend of Paul avery 's ? graysmith he 's the reason I be here . I want to ask to you about Zodiac . toschi I appreciate the interest but we do not discuss open case - — graysmith what 's happen with it really ? Day to day ? toschi we be actively pursue all lead - graysmith it 's just you now , be not it . toschi Mr. graysmith , Zodiac have not write in three year . do you know how many murder San Francisco have have since then ? graysmith no . toschi over two hundred . that 's a lot of dead people and grieve family who need we help . graysmith so nobody care anymore ? toschi put down he burger . toschi hey . JI care . graysmith can I show you something ? toschi shrug . graysmith pull a stack of book from he briefcase and lay they on the table . graysmith ( cont 'd ) I have be do research on the first code . everything a amateur would need to create it can be find in this book . ( more ) ( continued ) final shoot script 140 . continued : ( 2 ) 190 graysmith ( cont 'd ) so I start think , if you can track the book , maybe you can find the man . he hand toschi a list . graysmith ( cont 'd ) I know you think Zodiac be military so I go to every base library and get a list of people who check out the book . that 's when I find this . he point to the presidio library list . almost the entire column of book have the word " missing " write by they . toschi " miss " ? graysmith that mean the book be steal . toschi almost every book on cipher be steal from the presidio Library ? graysmith and the oakland Army Terminal Library . someone do not want to leave a record of check they out , so he steal they . toschi stare at he . toschi who be you again ? graysmith I just want to help . a beat . toschi , mull this over . finally : toschi I can not allow you to help . I can not have more meeting with you to discuss what you might uncover and I certainly can not tell you to go talk to Ken narlow in Napa , n-a - r-l-o-w in Napa who be in charge of the case up there . you understand ? final shoot script 141 . 191 int . napa police headquarters -- day 191 graysmith , seat across from narlow . narlow I be sorry Mr. graysmith , but we do not cooperate with writer - graysmith I be not a writer , I be a cartoonist . a beat . narlow and Dave toschi send you ? graysmith yes . narlow why ? graysmith maybe he think I could do some good . narlow ( laugh ) what be you , a boy scout ? graysmith Eagle scout actually . first class . a beat . narlow , realize he 's not kid . narlow you really want to do this , you should not let I stop you . try vallejo . Jack mulanax . 192 int . vallejo police department -- mulanax's office -- day 192 graysmith , seat across from mulanax . mulanax I understand what you be try to do , but - graysmith I be a friend of Dave toschi 's . he say you could help . ( continued ) 192 193 194 final shoot script 142 . continued : 192 mulanax stare at he , silent . graysmith ( cont 'd ) the case be dead , right ? Zodiac 's long go , yesterday 's news ? mulanax that 's what they say . graysmith so what 's the harm ? int . evidence locker -- day 193 mulanax lead graysmith past rows of cardboard box . mulanax no pen , no paper , no copier . anything you see that 's relevant , you gotta remember in you head . they turn a corner to find three enormous bookcase type shelve fill with box . mulanax ( cont 'd ) here you go . graysmith which one ? mulanax all of they . there be more in the next room . they be all mark with this number . he point to one box , mark # 243-146 . mulanax ( cont 'd ) I will be outside . he go . graysmith waste no time . open the top box , scan the vallejo police report . word flash by - ferrin , Lynch , mageau , corvair , breathe phone call , nma , handwrite , painting party , hypnosis , husted ... int . vallejo police department -- lobby -- day 194 mulanax get coffee as graysmith hurrie past . graysmith thank you very much ! ( continued ) 194 195 196 196 a final shoot script 143 . continued : 194 he 's go before mulanax can respond . Officer GEORGE bawart wander in to see this stranger 's hasty departure . mulanax hey , George . bawart hey . who be that ? mulanax graysmith . some cartoonist , think he 's gonna solve the Zodiac . bawart watch graysmith run across the street towards a restaurant like a madman . bawart good for he . ext . fried chicken shack -- day 195 graysmith sit at a table scribbling furiously into a notebook . transcribe from memory what he 's just read ... omitted 196 int . graysmith's car -- day -- ( rain ) 196a park under a bridge . graysmith sit with margot on he lap . the door open . toschi slide in , eat a hot dog . graysmith thanks for meeting I , Inspector . toschi we be not meeting . I gotta be back in five minute - graysmith do anyone ever show Mike mageau suspect photo ? toschi why ? graysmith he 's the only survive victim who see Zodiac without a mask . ( continued ) 196a continued : toschi stare final shoot script 144 , 196a toschi no , why be you ask I ? darlene and mageau be vallejo 's investigation , Paul stine be mine , you get four minute now - graysmith darlene ferrin be be follow . at he . graysmith ( cont 'd ) I know mulanax say they already find this guy , a George Waters . but he also say darlene have lot of " admirer " who would come by the restaurant where she work . when darlene and she husband move into they new house , they throw a painting party - toschi what 's a painting party ? graysmith it 's a party where people come over and help you paint . toschi that sound like a terrible party . graysmith but someone who be not Waters show up that night and darlene be really scared of he . toschi , consider . toschi you think Zodiac know darlene . graysmith and if Zodiac know she , maybe mageau know Zodiac . toschi we will never know . mageau 's go . in the wind . if you want to connect Zodiac to darlene , you be gonna have to find another way . ( continued ) final shoot script 145 . 196a continued : ( 2 ) 196a graysmith I have another way . phone call . the night of darlene 's murder - toschi yeah , Zodiac call the police . graysmith but there be four other call . two to darlene 's house , one to she brother - in - law , and one to she father - in - law , just heavy breathe . they start around 1:30 a.m. , before anyone in the family know darlene have be shot - toschi this be in the vallejo file ? graysmith nod . toschi ( cont 'd ) goddammit ... margot begin to whine . graysmith extract a bottle from he bag and start feed she as he continue . graysmith Inspector , somebody do not just randomly prank call a victim 's entire family ninety minute after a shoot . either Zodiac shot a random couple and then recognize darlene - ( continued ) final shoot script 146 . 196a continued : ( 3 ) 196a toschi - or he kill darlene on purpose . graysmith either way , Zodiac have to have know she . toschi , mull this over . toschi that 's good , Robert . graysmith I need to find darlene 's sister . maybe she can tell I who the mystery man be . toschi try that . I gotta get back . bye , cutie . he pat margot 's head and get out of the car . about to leave when something occur to he . llean in the window . toschi ( cont 'd ) it be interesting you mention Zodiac call people at home . I hear he do that in San Francisco once . graysmith who do he call ? toschi that 's privileged information and as lead on the case , I really can not tell you . ( muse ) but maybe melvin belli could . 197 int . belly house -- day 197 graysmith sit in the parlor , wait for the famous lawyer . his housekeeper set a tray of cookie in front of he . housekeeper he should be along soon . ( continued ) final shoot script 147 . 197 continued : 197 graysmith oh , it 's fine . I have only be here - ( check he watch ) oh , wow . two hour . housekeeper he be not usually this late - graysmith no , really , it 's fine . this look like very good cookie . he try one while she watch . he smile , show how good they be . make a " mmm " sound . she 's satisfied . housekeeper you be here about a case ? graysmith I be write a book about the Zodiac . housekeeper oh , I remember that . I speak to he . graysmith you mean to Mr. belli about the case ? housekeeper no . to the Zodiac when he call . he say he have to kill because it be he birthday . graysmith put down the cookie . graysmith he say it be he birthday ? housekeeper yes . you want more cookie ? graysmith when do he call ? housekeeper so many year ago ... Mr. belli be away for Christmas . go for a week . the Zodiac call , want to talk to he . I say he be not here . ( more ) ( continued ) final shoot script 148 . 197 continued : ( 2 ) 197 housekeeper ( cont 'd ) he say " I have to kill , today be my birthday " then he hang up . then the letter arrive . graysmith so - he call before the letter arrive on - on - ( check he note ) December 20th . but Mr. belli be only go a week - housekeeper he come back on Christmas . not a good day to work - graysmith so he leave on the eighteenth . housekeeper ( smile ) be that helpful ? 198 int . san francisco STREET -- phone booth -- afternoon 198 graysmith , on the phone with toschi . graysmith she say it be he birthday ! toschi you will need to confirm that , will not you ? graysmith how ? toschi I never speak to she , but maybe my partner do - graysmith how do I get in touch with he ? toschi do not . Bill want out of this as far as I be concerned . graysmith so how do I confirm it ? toschi if my partner speak to someone at justice about it , they would have put it in a report . Standard procedure . final shoot script 149 . 199 int . department of justice -- nicolai be office -- day 199 graysmith , sit across a desk from mel nicolai . graysmith I just need to confirm the date . nicolai Mr. graysmith - graysmith I have narrow it down to between the 18th and the 20th of December - nicolai okay , I will play . let 's say this call do take place . and let 's say it really be Zodiac . why would he volunteer the day he be bear ? plus , nobody die on December 18th . just like nobody die over the weekend when he be go to kill a dozen people , or when he threaten to shoot school kid and blow up bus . he 's a liar , Mr. graysmith . graysmith but if it be he and he be not lie - nicolai do you know how many qualifier you just put in that sentence ? ( before he respond ) look , off the record - Bill armstrong check this out . we take it seriously . but none of we suspect at the time have the same birthday as this phantom caller . silence . graysmith flip he notepad shut . nicolai ( cont 'd ) can I give you a piece of advice ? you be look in the wrong place . handwrite and fingerprint , that 's what this whole thing be about . final shoot script 150 . 200 int . graysmith apartment -- live room -- night 200 Melanie sit , stare at a newspaper article . the door open and graysmith enter . hanging up he coat : graysmith hey , how be you day ? melanie Long . who 's sherwood morrill ? graysmith he 's a handwrite expert in Sacramento . melanie he call , he say he can meet you tomorrow morning at 7 . graysmith great . melanie so you be take off work ? graysmith just in the morning - melanie Sacramento 's two hour away . graysmith really ? melanie yes . what 's this ? she hold out the newspaper to he . graysmith oh , the article come out ! yeah , a reporter call I . melanie it talk about you research Zodiac . graysmith well , yeah , that 's why they write it - ( continued ) final shoot script 151 . 200 continued : 200 melanie I be not sure that 's something I want people to know about . graysmith you be not embarrassed , be you ? melanie no , Robert , it 's in the paper . what 's the one thing we know about Zodiac ? he read the newspaper . graysmith oh , come on , it 's not like - the phone ring . graysmith rise and pick it up . graysmith ( cont 'd ) hello ? voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. graysmith ? the Robert graysmith mention in the paper today ? graysmith yes - — voice ( 0.s. ) I can tell you who the Zodiac be . graysmith who be this - voice ( 0.s . ) the Zodiac killer be so full of movie , he have record of he activity on film . I try to tell the police but they would not follow through on it . be you ready for the important part , Mr. graysmith ? graysmith yes . voice there be a man you need to find . his name be Bob Vaughn , v-a-u ... graysmith snap to Melanie for a pen . write on he hand . voice ( cont 'd ) -..g-h - N . he be a friend of the Zodiac 's . ( more ) ( continued ) final shoot script 152 . 200 continued : ( 2 ) 200 voice ( cont 'd ) Mr. Vaughn do not know he friend be a killer , and be store some film canister for he . in this canister be the evidence you will need . graysmith what 's he name ? voice ( 0.s. ) you have quite enough to get start - graysmith please . a beat . voice ( 0.s. ) the Zodiac 's name be Rick Marshall . click . the man have hang up . morrill ( 0.s. ) handwrite be everything . 201 ext . morrill's house -- backyard -- morning 201 graysmith walk with morrill through he garden . every so often , the handwrite expert stop to check a flower . morrill can a fingerprint give you the key to a criminal 's mental state ? can a shell case give you insight to motive ? graysmith no ? morrill Zodiac use a mixture of cursive and printing . most of we do . we choose at some point in we life , how to physically construct each letter . once we lock this into we brain , we handwrite may change over the year , but the move themselves will remain unalter . do you understand ? graysmith yes . ( continued ) 201 continued : final shoot script 153 . 201 morrill except Zodiac 's do not specifically with he " k " . in he first letter , k' be execute with two stroke . later letter , he do they with three . graysmith why ? morrill we do not know . ( be : the lilac ) I gotta spray this . graysmith follow morrill to he garage to get the sprayer . morrill walk graysmith how many suspect be clear through handwrite ? morrill all of they . also , the print in the cab . no match be ever find . graysmith be there any way someone could beat a handwrite test ? morrill no . whoever the Zodiac be , he 's not someone I clear . back to the lilac . graysmith follow . morrill ( cont 'd ) about a month ago , a man name wallace penny show up on my doorstep , very distraught . he say he know who the Zodiac be . he give I a name . Rick something - graysmith stop in he track . graysmith Marshall . morrill what ? graysmith Rick Marshall . the same man you talk to call I ... ( continued ) 201 202 203 final shoot script 154 . continued : ( 2 ) 201 morrill after he leave , I go back through my file to check the name . I never clear a " Rick Marshall " for handwrite . int . police car -- day 202 toschi sit with he new partner , eat lunch . toschi you have any Animal cracker ? his partner look at he like he 's high . police radio ( 0.s. ) twenty - two call in immediately . land line only . toschi look over to see a police call BOX on the corner ... int . hall of justice -- homicide unit -- day 203 Captain Lee pick up . next to he , a excited duffy jenning . intercut with toschi at the call BOX : toschi it 's I , what 's up ? captain lee I have get jenning from the chron - jenning snatch the phone out of he hand . Manic . jenning parker spot it this morning , you gotta come in now and see it - toschi see what ? jenning a new Zodiac letter and it mention you . toschi ( to he partner ) we be gonna have to run some red light . 204 205 final shoot script 155 . ext . street -- day 204 toschi 's car scream through the street , siren blaring ... int . hall of justice - stairwell -- day 205 toschi enter at a sprint , take stair two at a time . see Captain Lee at the top , flanke by two men in suit . before he reach they : toschi you get it with you ? Captain Lee hand it over . toschi , read aloud : toschi ( cont 'd ) dear , editor , this be the Zodiac speak . I be back with you . tell herb caen I be here , I have always be here . that city pig toschi be good , but I be smarter and better he will get tired then leave I alone . I be wait for a good movie about I . who will play I . I be now in control of all thing . at the bottom of the page your truly , o - guess s.f.p.d. - 0 toschi stare at the letter and look up again . notice the man in suit for the first time . and Lee 's expression . and the fact that the other cop passing they be eyeing he strangely . something 's not right ... captain lee Dave , this guy be from Internal affair . we need to talk . alternate ending captain lee ( cont 'd ) Dave , this guy be from Internal affair , they be gonna need a handwrite sample . toschi what , you do not think I write this ? final shoot script 155a . 206 int . graysmith home -- night 206 graysmith , sit with he family , eat dinner . the television on in the other room . faintly we hear the end of the news intro theme follow by : ( continued ) final shoot script 156 . 206 continued : 206 newscaster ( 0.s. ) good evening . we top story tonight , the San Francisco Police Department have confirm that the man who call himself Zodiac and terrorize the Bay Area have break he silence of fifty one month . in a letter claim " I be back with you " the Zodiac make no over threat against the citizenry , and muse that he life and time would make the basis for a good movie . the terse sixty - six word missive also manage to mention both San Francisco Chronicle columnist herb caen and the Department 's own Inspector David toschi by name . be they target ? or be something more at work here ? we team coverage on the cipher slayer 's return begin as Alan Freeman have more ... during this - graysmith look up reflexively . then see Melanie stare at he . he try to be good . the kid , watch this tennis match of look . take a bite . graysmith this carrot be delicious - melanie oh , just go . graysmith bolt out of he chair and rush into the live room . the kid follow . on tv : reporter ...- thank you , Eric . this personal mention have draw controversial accusation from at least one source tonight as San Francisco Chronicle columnist armistead maupin have charge that not only be the new letter be a forgery , but that it be write by toschi himself - the very man charge to hunt the killer . graysmith face pale . ( continued ) final shoot script 156a . 206 continued : ( 2 ) 206 no change on this page , provide to supply entire scene 207 . reporter maupin , a respected author best know for he " tale of the City " storey , have go on the record say he believe toschi write the letter to drum up publicity for himself . and the theory be gain strength . source wishing to remain anonymous within the Hall of justice say that toschi have always have a weak spot where publicity be concerned ... 207 int . toschi kitchen -- night 207 toschi's wife , on the phone with graysmith . speak in hushed tone so she husband do not overhear . intercut : toschi be wife maupin use David as a character in he column . David get a kick out of it so he write a couple anonymous letter ask for the character to be bring back . it be like write fan mail to himself , that 's all . but David do not write that letter . graysmith I know he do not . I be sure this will all blow over - ( continued ) 207 208 final shoot script 157 . continued : 207 toschi's wife blow over ? she look into the next room where toschi sit . stare out the window . devastate . toschi's wife ( cont 'd ) they kick he out of homicide . they make he give he handwrite like some criminal - graysmith May I talk to he ? toschi be wife no . graysmith then could you ask if he ever investigate a man name Rick Marshall ? toschi's wife that be all you can think about ? graysmith I - toschi be wife Mr. graysmith , maupin work at you paper . we trust you - cut off as toschi take the phone from she and hang it up . exchange a look with he wife . then he turn and go back to the live room , to sit with he drink . int . napa police headquarters -- day 208 graysmith with narlow . narlow of course he do not want to talk , he career 's over and you paper do it . I get half a mind to kick you out of here myself - graysmith do the name Rick Marshall mean anything to you ? this stop narlow cold . he go and shut he office door . turn back to graysmith , intrigue : narlow what be you after ? ( continued ) 208 continued : final shoot script 158 . 208 graysmith what have you get ? narlow hypothetically ? you just name my favorite suspect in the whole case . couple year ago , I be try to get he print ? handed he a photo to look at . he take it , be about to hand it back when he stop and say " my goodness , I get fingerprint all over this . " then he wipe they off . graysmith why be not he ever test for handwrite ? narlow because they finally do get he print and clear he against the one in stine 's cab . graysmith ( deflate ) so it 's not he . narlow maybe yes , maybe no . graysmith what do you mean ? narlow Zodiac leave glove behind . if you have the foresight to wear glove while commit a murder , how the hell do you leave a fingerprint ? graysmith but it be in blood . they find it at the scene - narlow all it take be one curious civilian or cop to reach out and touch something and boom - false print . take a look at the crime scene photo , the cab be not that secure . graysmith that print be use to disqualify thousand of suspect . ( continued ) final shoot script 159 . 208 continued : ( 2 ) 208 narlow which be why we also use handwrite . graysmith but not with Marshall . narlow sfpd have a handwritten sign from the window of he house . look nothing like the Z letter so they move on . graysmith what if he do not write the sign ? narlow my thought exactly . Marshall be a navy man , receive code training . he use to work as a projectionist at a silent film theater - graysmith look up . graysmith how much do you want to bet one of the film he project be " the most dangerous game " ? silence . narlow stare at he . graysmith ( cont 'd ) how can I get a copy of Rick Marshall 's handwrite ? narlow only three way . one , get a warrant , which you can not - two , get he to volunteer it which he will not - graysmith and three ? narlow get creative . 209 int . san francisco chronicle third floor -- evening 209 graysmith , on the phone with morrill . ( continued ) final shoot script 160 . 209 continued : 209 morrill ( 0.s. ) I do not know what to tell you . you get it , I will analyze it . Beyond that , you be on you own . graysmith run he finger through he hair . graysmith what about the man who come to see you ? the one who call I - morrill ( 0.s. ) wallace penny . graysmith do he leave a number ? CUT to : 209a graysmith , dial . the phone ringing . then : 209a voice ( 0.s. ) hello ? graysmith hi , this be Robert graysmith . voice ( 0.s. ) how would you find I ? graysmith I need a sample of Rick Marshall 's handwrite . voice ( 0.s . ) I tell you , Vaughn be the key - graysmith Mr. penny , if Rick Marshall 's the Zodiac , I need he handwrite to confirm it . can you help or not ? silence . then : voice ( 0.s. ) Rick use to draw movie poster for the theater Vaughn work at . I will send one down . 210 omitted 210 211 212 final shoot script 161 . int . morrill home -- night 211 morrill stand over a table . magnify glass in hand , and heaping glass of scotch by he side . examine the movie poster . behind he , graysmith wait , hold he breath . morrill I will need more sample . graysmith but be it - morrill about as close as I have ever see . and that 's why I need more . we have to tread lightly here . we be talk about implicate this man as the Zodiac . graysmith I will get more . i'1l find Vaughn . I will track down Linda . it 's weird , I have try the dmv , darlene 's family - no one seem to know where she be - morrill Mr. graysmith ? most of the write match the exemplar . in a way , though , it 's the part that do not match that scare I the most . graysmith how do you mean ? morrill the only letter on this poster that absolutely , positively do not match , be the letter " k " . int . graysmith's bedroom -- night 212 graysmith , brush he tooth . Melanie , asleep . the phone ring . graysmith run to pick it up . graysmith hello ? ( no response ) hello ? who be this - he stop . listen . someone be on the other end . just breathing ... click . the line go dead . graysmith hang up . turn to see melanie awake . stare at he . scare . 213 final shoot script 162 . ext . hall of justice -- evening 213 toschi , leave for the day . he exit the front of the building with a couple of other cop , laugh and joke . head down the sidewalk when he hear : graysmith ( 0.s. ) Inspector ! Dave ! he turn to see graysmith come towards he . look a little more manic than usual . the other cop , sense this guy 's a little off . toschi turn to they : toschi I will catch up with you . they go . toschi turn to graysmith . toschi ( cont 'd ) you stop call my house . that be unacceptable , do you understand ? graysmith ( take aback ) I need you help to find Linda - toschi ( turn away ) Jesus ... graysmith we run some handwrite sample - toschi we? graysmith I be work with sherwood . toschi sherwood who get can from question document . sherwood who drink like Paul avery now . graysmith he retire . toschi be that what he tell you ? graysmith be you say sherwood 's wrong ? ( continued ) final shoot script 163 . 213 continued : 213 toschi I be say stop call my house . he turn to go . graysmith , desperate to keep the conversation alive , follow he down the street . graysmith we run they on Rick Marshall - toschi no , Robert . graysmith I know you do not think it 's he - toschi I mean , no , I be not have this conversation . graysmith I think Marshall know darlene . I can not find mageau or Linda , but I be gonna talk to Bob Vaughn - toschi stop and turn to he . amaze by the obsession . toschi you need to get out of this . graysmith what ? toschi Robert , the Rick marshall of the world , the blind alley will suck you dry . graysmith he say he would not announce he murder anymore , he would just do they ! toschi you know what the chance of arrest someone be now ? too many year go , too much evidence lose . graysmith but — ( continued ) final shoot script 164 . 213 continued : ( 2 ) 213 toschi I have be a cop for twenty five year , murder police for ten . what do you for a live ? graysmith you know what I - toschi you be a cartoonist . graysmith so what be you say ? toschi Zodiac be my job . it 's not yours . graysmith , hurt . toschi , satisfied he 's get the message . he turn to leave when graysmith he 's still out there , Dave ! toschi turn back . look at he . graysmith ( cont 'd ) if you could just help I find Linda - toschi I be do with this . and I be do with you . he turn on he heel and leave . 214 omitted 214 214a ext . graysmith apartment -- afternoon 214a graysmith get out of he car to see Melanie hurry down the step , harry . before he can ask : melanie you be suppose to pick up the boy from soccer . graysmith oh , God , I be sorry , it completely slip my mind - melanie they're at the coe . they try to call you at work . ( continued ) final shoot script 165 . 214a continued : 214a graysmith I be with Dave - melanie so I have to leave my work , come home , I be go to get they right now . graysmith I will go - melanie I be already here , Robert . I be go . ( get in the car ) you have to stop ignore they . graysmith I do not ignore they - ( off she look ) I be sorry . i'1l spend more time with the kid . I promise . 215 int . graysmith kitchen -- afternoon 215 2 year old margot sit in a highchair . graysmith make she a sandwich . david and aaron sit at the table , cross reference date from book , Aaron on the missing / murdered list and David have the astrological chart . aaron what about September 26 , 1970 ? david I be check ... what be it ? aaron Lake tahoe nurse go miss . David find the date on the chart . david uhhh , one day before the vernal equinox . dad ? graysmith Mark it . David turn to a large board and mark the nurse 's name , date of disappearance , and celestial significance . aaron get another on June 19 , 1971 ... ( continued ) final shoot script 166 . 215 continued : 215 david all right - that 's gotta be close to summer solstice . David flip through chart to check . he nod . graysmith deliver margot she sandwich . graysmith you boy might not want to mention we " special project " to you mother . aaron how come you guy do not sleep in the same bed now ? this stop graysmith cold . David give he young brother a dead arm . before anyone can speak , the phone ring . grateful for the distraction , graysmith pick up . graysmith hello ? narlow Mr. graysmith , it 's Ken narlow . you call ? graysmith we have be cross-referencing lunar cycle with the Zodiac 's timeline - more often than not each cycle since ' 69 correspond with a letter , a attack , or get this - a unsolve homicide . narlow ( 0.s. ) who do you have work with you ? graysmith glance at he son . graysmith some colleague . aaron dad ? graysmith hang on a moment . ( to Aaron ) yeah , buddy ? aaron what 's this ? ( continued ) 215 final shoot script continued : ( 2 ) and he hold up the unsolved 1969 code . at it and we ... 166a . graysmith , stare CUT to : 215 final shoot script 167 . 215a on video : graysmith sit awkwardly with a interviewer . 215a August 9 , 1979 . a newscaster over this : newscaster ( v.o. ) in the decade since the Zodiac 's second cipher be receive , every federal agency have take a crack at decode it . but today , we be pleased to announce that where that agency have fail , a cartoonist have succeed . graysmith , cow . the interviewer turn to he . interviewer how would you do it ? graysmith ummm ... a lot of book from the library ... pulling back from the tv until we realize we be in 216 int . bar -- day 216 paul avery sit on a stool watch the report . oxygen tank perch on the stool next to he . smoke . a blue girly drink in front of he . cackle : avery the fuck library ... 217 int . graysmith's apartment -- night 217 graysmith , on the phone . his hand , take something down . it read Linda - San joaquin County honor Camp . graysmith ( into phone ) thank you , so much ! he hang up the phone and turn to see Melanie , ecstatic . graysmith ( cont 'd ) I find Linda ! you know why it 's take I so long ? because she 's in prison ! be not that great ? melanie why would you do it ? ( continued ) final shoot script 168 . 217 continued : 217 he look at she , confuse . graysmith because she 's the key ! if she can identify Marshall - melanie I be not talk about Linda whoever . you go on tv . you put you face out there for he to see ... graysmith 's face fall . graysmith you be be paranoid - melanie who 's be call we house ? at least once a week and you never let I answer . graysmith it 's nobody . melanie right . a beat . stare at she . she stare back . melanie ( cont 'd ) what 's it go to take for you to be do with this , Robert ? graysmith I do not have time to talk about this now , I have to meet Bob Vaughn - melanie well , that 's too bad , because we be talk about it . when 's it go to be enough ? when you catch he ? when you arrest he ? graysmith be serious - melanie I be . silence . graysmith , slowly : ( continued ) 217 218 final shoot script 169 . continued : ( 2 ) 217 graysmith I need to know who he be . ( pause ) I need to stand there and look he in the eye and know it 's he . melanie and that 's more important than you family 's safety . graysmith I have to do this , Melanie . melanie why ? ( no response ) look at I , Robert . why ? graysmith because nobody else will . she stare at he . melanie that 's not good enough for I . graysmith I have to go , be you do ? she blink . stun . turn and walk out of the room . ext . avenue movie theater -- night -- rain 218 the same address as in the phone book . graysmith stand on the corner as a car pull up . very dark inside . all we see be a lit cigarette . voice ( 0.s. ) Robert graysmith ? graysmith squint , he can not make out the man 's feature very well through the rain and darkness . graysmith Mr. Vaughn ? vaughn ( 0.s. ) you say you need to talk to I ? graysmith yes . there 's a coffee shop on the corner - ( continued ) 218 219 final shoot script 170 . continued : 218 vaughn why do not you just come to my house ? the light of the cigarette expose Vaughn 's yellow smile . graysmith I would not want to put you out - vaughn it 's not far . ( toss the smoke ) you can follow I . ext . vaughn' house -- night -- rain 219 graysmith follow the wild white haire Vaughn through the door of he house and into a cluttere live room . graysmith thank you for have I over - click . Vaughn lock the door from the inside with a key . vaughn not at all . Vaughn take a seat in a easy chair . graysmith clear some magazine off the couch and sit across from he . graysmith I want to ask you about a particular film the Avenue may have run when you be a organist there . " the most dangerous game " . vaughn classic . rko , 1932 . fay wray . we have run it many time . graysmith how about in 1969 ? vaughn I would have to check my record . why ? graysmith you remember the Zodiac killer ? Vaughn 's face darken . ( continued ) 219 continued : final shoot script vaughn this be about Rick Marshall , be not it ? 170a . ( continued ) 219 final shoot script 71 . 219 continued : ( 2 ) 219 graysmith he work as you projectionist ? vaughn for a time . I do not have any occasion to correspond with he this day . graysmith there 's a connection between one of the Zodiac attack and the film - vaughn you mean the symbol . graysmith do not follow . Vaughn pull out a coil of film leader . vaughn ( cont 'd ) the Zodiac symbol on film . on the countdown . it 's trim off each reel before they be show , but it always arrive with it . first time I see it in the papers , I immediately think of this . graysmith look - standard academy leader countdown , which look exactly like a zodiac sign . graysmith we get a tip that Rick leave a film canister with you . something he tell you never to open . vaughn a " tip " about a " mysterious film canister " ? graysmith be it true ? Vaughn stare at he . finally : vaughn yes . graysmith have you open it ? vaughn no . graysmith May I see it ? ( continued ) 219 final shoot script 172 . continued : ( 3 ) 219 vaughn Rick take it back in 1972 . graysmith 's face fall . vaughn ( cont 'd ) and this " tip " be how you get it in you head that Rick 's the Zodiac ? graysmith that and the movie poster . vaughn Excuse I ? graysmith fumble out the fold poster . graysmith the handwrite on the poster Rick do . it 's the close we have ever come to a match - vaughn Rick do not draw any poster . graysmith what ? no , he do this one - vaughn Mr. graysmith , I do the poster personally . that 's my handwrite . a awful moment . graysmith look to the lock door . Vaughn stare at he . hard . graysmith put on a brave face . rise . graysmith I will not take any more of you time - vaughn not at all . before you go , I should check on when we play that film . graysmith I do not want to trouble you - vaughn no trouble . the record be just down in the basement . a beat . graysmith , echoing toschi : ( continued ) 219 220 final shoot script 173 . continued : ( 4 ) 219 graysmith not many people have basement in California . vaughn ( smile ) I do . int . vaughn' basement -- night 220 the door creak OPEN . Vaughn and graysmith stand at the top of a rickety wooden staircase . we hear water dripping somewhere down in the darkness . Vaughn flick a switch , a naked bulb snap on somewhere below . very little light . graysmith really do not want to be here . Vaughn lead he down the stair , hand on he back as they walk . vaughn the very detailed poster I keep , but the one - off cheapos like that one there I just throw into the back alley ... here we go . they finally stop by a overstuff bookshelf . Vaughn pull one handbound volume from it and begin flipping through the page . graysmith look around , nervous . the bulb above they flicker . Vaughn reach up and tweak it with a finger - the light go constant again . above graysmith 's head , the ceiling board creak . as though someone be walking around upstair . graysmith you live alone ? Vaughn nod absently , still search the book . vaughn here it be . " the most dangerous game " - run it May 1969 . that would have be about nine week before the first Zodiac letter , correct ? graysmith , still look up at the ceiling . graysmith yeah ... vaughn you believe he see the film at we theater and be inspire ? ( continued ) 220 221 222 223 final shoot script 174 . continued : 220 more footstep creak from above . graysmith you be sure no one else be in the house ? vaughn would you like to go and check ? graysmith that 's all right . thanks for everything . graysmith turn and head for the stair . force himself to walk , not run . he climb they , get into ... int . vaughn' live room -- night 221 graysmith emerge from the cellar . look around . no one . he hurry to the door , grasp the knob and ... locked . from the inside . graysmith look for the bolt . no way to unlock it . he 's trapped . the floorboard creak behind he and he spin to see ... vaughn . stand in the cellar doorway . slowly walk towards he . menace . reaching into he pocket ... and pull out the key . he step past graysmith and unlock the door for he . vaughn have a good night . ext . graysmith apartment -- dawn 222 graysmith exit he car , guzzle coffee , hair craze . just back from he meeting with Vaughn , mumble : graysmith maybe there be two of they . Marshall do the kill , Vaughn write the letter ... int . graysmith apartment -- dawn 223 graysmith step inside and take two step before realize - the house be silent . graysmith hello ? nothing . 223a 223b 223c 224 225 225a 225b final shoot script 175 . int . boy ' bedroom -- dawn 223a he poke he head into the room . bed make . not sleep in . int . graysmith's bedroom -- dawn 223b the same . he stand there . go back downstairs . int . graysmith apartment -- live room -- morning 223c he sit on the couch . his wife and child . gone . holding a note : " take the kid to Mom 's . do not call . " he look at the phone . next to it a note in he own write . one he take down before . " Linda - San joaquin County honor Camp . " he stare at the two note . two path . but he already know the one he 's take . he pick up the Linda note ... omitted 224 omitted 225 int . san joaquin honor camp —- laundry room - afternoon 225a graysmith stand as a guard walk linda del buono up to he . prison guard you get five minute . int . san joaquin honor camp —- meeting room - day 225b the Guard depart to a safe distance . Linda take in graysmith . he look terrible . Linda , wary . linda what 's this about ? graysmith Zodiac . linda ( lighting a smoke ) figure . you get the look . graysmith what look ? linda like you get it bad for this . ( continued ) final shoot script 176 . 225b continued : 225b graysmith I be fine . linda right . graysmith tell I about this " painting party " . linda told the cop about it forever ago . darlene always have lot of boy around , even though she be marry . this one guy be weird , though . he use to bring she present from Mexico . I do not know why she be friend with he . she once tell I he would kill somebody . graysmith really ? linda yup . maybe when he be in the service . graysmith the navy ? linda I think so . graysmith be he into movie ? linda he be not into people , I can tell you that . this party darlene throw , people be suppose to show up , have beer , help paint . this dude show up in a suit . he sit alone in a chair , do not talk to anyone . creeped I out . darlene tell I not to go near he . she be scared of he . couple week later , she be dead . she take a long shaky drag on she cigarette . graysmith do you remember he name ? ( continued ) final shoot script 177 . 225b continued : ( 2 ) 225b linda it be short . like a nickname . Rob or Stan or - graysmith Rick ? or Bob maybe ? she look at he strangely . a long beat . then : linda no . no , I do not think so . graysmith Rick or Bob - be you sure ? linda yeah . graysmith how can you be sure ? think hard - linda ( getting annoyed ) I be think hard - he grasp she arm . the Guard start move towards they ... prison guard hey ! graysmith Rick Marshall or Bob Vaughn , it be one of that name , be not it - linda no - graysmith yes -— linda Christ , mister , it be not Rick or Bob ! the Guard separate they . he stumble back . stands there . wife go . life ruin . graysmith I be sorry . I will go . he turn and walk away . she watch he go . Broken . done . she blink as it come to she : linda it be Lee . ( continued ) final shoot script 178 . 225b continued : ( 3 ) 225b graysmith stop in he track . graysmith leigh ? he turn back to she . linda yeah , leigh . that sound right ... 226 ext . vallejo police department -- evening -- ( rain ) 226 the rain , now pouring . graysmith , stand outside of the department . mulanax block he entry . both man , shouting at each other over the weather : graysmith I just need to see one file - mulanax I be sorry , I talk to Dave toschi . he say I should not - graysmith I remember a name ! I see a name ! mulanax Mr. graysmith , you need to go home - graysmith one file ! please ! I have get the name ! mulanax ( turn away ) I be sorry ... graysmith please ! this be all I have get ! mulanax stop . turn back to he . graysmith , soak . at the end of he rope . begging . graysmith ( cont 'd ) please ... mulanax step aside and let he in . 226a int . mulanax's office -- night -- ( rain ) 226a graysmith put a piece of paper down on mulanax 's desk . ( continued ) final shoot script 179 . 226a continued : 226a 227 228 229 230 231 232 graysmith here ! " Linda state that some of darlene 's close friend be lee who use to bring darlene present from tia juana " - mulanax so what ? graysmith he know she ! Linda say leigh ! this be leigh ! mulanax no , that 's one name in a file that contain hundred . it 's nothing . graysmith but you say Dave toschi- mulanax agree with I . we investigation into this suspect be over . omitted 227 omitted 228 omitted 229 omitted 230 omitted 231 int . graysmith's home -- night -- ( rain ) 232 rain pound the roof . the content of he zodiac investigation now cover the empty live room . tack up on every wall , papers all over the floor . Furniture push aside . it 's overwhelming . graysmith , on the floor , scraping through page . have not eat or sleep for day . mumbling to himself . graysmith you make a mistake somewhere , where be you weak , where do you make a mistake ... the phone ring . graysmith pick up . graysmith ( cont 'd ) hello ? ( continued ) 232 final shoot script 180 . continued : 232 the breathing again . slow and steady as ever . he slam the phone down . go back to a file . accidentally knock over he coffee , dump it all over the page . graysmith ( cont 'd ) goddammit ! graysmith heave the java soak file across the room . it land on the floor next to a pair of female feet . Pan up to reveal melanie , stand in the open doorway . melanie you do not return my call . graysmith , stunne to see she . graysmith I have be kind of busy . melanie ( look around ) I can see . the book 's go well ? he do not respond . they stare at each other . two people who no longer know how to act around one another . melanie ( cont 'd ) I call the chron ... graysmith I be not a cartoonist anymore . melanie I hear . when 's the last time you eat something ? graysmith can I have that file back ? she walk over and hand it to he . graysmith ( cont 'd ) he make a mistake , he make a mistake ... it take he a second to realize he 's speak aloud . look up at she . like a child . graysmith ( cont 'd ) nothing make sense anymore ... she look around the room at the mountain of papers . ( continued ) 232 233 final shoot script 181 . continued : ( 2 ) 232 melanie do it ever ? graysmith yeah . it do . it 's clear he 's talk about she . melanie Robert . it be just the date that never end . graysmith do you think - melanie no . he just stare at she , numb . then nod . melanie ( cont 'd ) but we have a daughter together . you have two good son . they miss you . graysmith I ... ( look around ) I do not want they to see I like this ... melanie neither do I . but I will not let you lose they . do whatever you have to . but finish this . silence . Melanie turn and walk out . graysmith sit . alone. look at the mountain of paper . year of he life , go . he slowly start collect they . Cleaning up . wiping the coffee stain papers off . one , a dmv sheet on arthur leigh allen . and there it be , right at the top . graysmith stop . staring at it . and we pull away from he , as he stand stock -still roote to the ground ... int . toschi be bedroom -- night -- ( rain ) 233 the rain have mellow into a light shower . a tapping on the window . faintly : graysmith ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) Dave ! Dave ! he make a mistake ! ( continued ) 233 233a 233b 233c final shoot script 182 . continued : 233 toschi blink awake . next to he , he wife do the same . toschi's wife be he actually here ? toschi sit up . graysmith see he , thrilled : graysmith he make a mistake ! i'1l meet you around front ! toschi Robert , do not - but graysmith 's already go from the window , excited . toschi , pull on he robe ... toschi ( cont 'd ) call sfpd , I be gonna shoot he ... omitted 233a int . toschi home -- night -- ( rain ) 233b toschi walk down the hall . graysmith , now lightly knock on the door . toschi go away , Robert ! graysmith ( 0.s. ) you need to hear this - toschi no I do not ! graysmith ( 0.s. ) the birthday ! the one time he be weak , the one time he give something away ! toschi I be call the cop - ext . toschi home -- night -- ( rain ) 233c graysmith ( scream ) it 's Arthur leigh Allen ! a pregnant moment . graysmith stare at the door . then - tumbler in the lock . the door swing OPEN revealing ( continued ) 233c 233d final shoot script 183 . continued : 233c toschi where do you get that name ? graysmith , surprised to be grant a audience . still graysmith the call to belli 's house December ' 69 , " I have to kill , today 's my birthday " ? it be he birthday ! Arthur leigh Allen be bear on December 18th ! he slap the wet dmv sheet up against the door . dob 12/18/33 . toschi stare at it . a beat and then ... toschi get in here . int . toschi kitchen -- night -- ( rain ) 233d toschi hand graysmith a mug of steaming coffee , then take a seat across from he at the kitchen table . toschi he write I , you know . ( pause ) 2500 different suspect . and the only one who ever write I a letter be leigh Allen . graysmith sometimes killer want to help out - toschi Robert , I know this . ( pause ) he be arrest for molestation in January ' 75 . send I this when he get out . he slide a letter across the table . graysmith '' sorry , I be not you man . if I can help out " - this be typewritten . toschi use a typewriter be not a crime . graysmith he know she , Dave . this be in the vallejo file . ( continued ) final shoot script 184 . 233d continued : 233d 233e 233f he show toschi Linda 's statement . graysmith ( cont 'd ) mulanax say he be you favorite suspect . that you spend two year on he . that nobody else come close - toschi the evidence all say no . sherwood disqualified he . graysmith the same sherwood who drink like Paul avery now ? toschi what be you tell I ? graysmith sherwood 's wrong . toschi look down at the date of birth . then back up to graysmith . toschi I will show you mine , you show I yours . ext . diner -- dawn 233e a misty morning . on a tiny coffee shack below the bridge ... int . diner -- morning 233f graysmith and toschi , in a booth . empty breakfast plate push aside , surrounded by both the sfpd and graysmith's zodiac file . at this all night . graysmith , gesture to sfpd handwrite report . graysmith +..- you have sherwood in write say " I be sorry this just will not work " , and Terry pascoe - toschi his protege - graysmith Fine , he protege , but a handwrite expert say " do not disqualify this suspect on the basis of handwrite " . this two cancel each other out - ( continued ) final shoot script 185 . 233f continued : 233f toschi no , because it be sherwood 's case . he be the head of question document . if it go to trial , all the defense would have to do be call sherwood to the stand - and there be no way to get Allen into court in the first place because there be no evidence . graysmith but you have he see with cipher , the military bootprint , the same size shoe and glove , " the most dangerous game " , the Zodiac watch - toschi Robert - graysmith - the background with school kid , the misspellings of " Christmas " , the bloody knife in the car , the connection to the murder scene - toschi it 's all circumstantial . stine 's shirt , he wallet , he key - we should have find one of that thing in that trailer . we do not . he sigh , run he hand through he hair . graysmith and he begin digging through the folder . graysmith hang on a second . toschi what ? graysmith the trailer , I see - ( find it ) here . from Catherine Allen - " leigh clean out he trailer Friday after work and take it to Santa Rosa Saturday August 7 , 1971 . " toschi yeah ? ( continued ) final shoot script 186 . 233f continued : ( 2 ) 233f toschi stare graysmith you interview he at the refinery Wednesday August 4th . ( pause ) he 's clean out he trailer and move it to a different county 48 hour after you interview he . at he . graysmith ( cont 'd ) you have to look at this stuff side by side . toschi what do you mean ? graysmith Allen and the Zodiac . they timeline . when be the first murder in vallejo ? toschi Christmas of 68 . graysmith eight month after Allen 's fire for molest child and he family discover he be a pedophile . when do the letter begin ? toschi July of 69 . graysmith after the second murder and they continue until you interview Allen . do any letter after that contain swatch of stine 's shirt ? toschi no . graysmith because he dumped it . he get scared . because you go to see he at work . when 's the next time Zodiac write ? toschi not until January of 1974 . ( continued ) final shoot script 187 . 233f continued : ( 3 ) 233f graysmith which mean he 's silent for three year after you talk to he . but by ' 74 he feel safe again . everyone 's move off Allen as a suspect . so Zodiac write three new letter - January , May , and July in ' 74 . toschi but then the letter stop again . graysmith what happen to Allen ? toschi he be arrest . January of ' 75 . they send he to atascadero . we do not get a single letter while he be in there . graysmith and when be he release ? toschi August of ' 77 . graysmith he get out , write you , and then ? we get we first new Zodiac letter in four year . ( pause ) what do you think ? toschi lean forward . toschi I have get one question . graysmith look at he , expectantly . toschi ( cont 'd ) Zodiac have to have know darlene ferrin , right ? graysmith because of the phone call on the night of she murder , that 's right . toschi and because of this report , we know darlene know a man name " Lee " . ( continued ) final shoot script 188 . 233f continued : ( 4 ) 233f graysmith yes . toschi all coincidence aside , how can you be sure that leigh Allen be the " Lee " in the report ? vallejo 's a small town but it 's not that small . how do you know they be connect ? silence . graysmith stare at he . graysmith this be a case that 's cover both Northern and Southern California with suspect and victim spread out across hundred of mile , would you agree ? toschi yes . graysmith Allen live in he mother 's basement on fresno Street . darlene work as a waitress at the vallejo House of pancake . ( pause ) leigh Allen live less than fifty yard away . a long beat . toschi Christ . graysmith do you think it 's he ? toschi the print and handwrite - graysmith I be not ask the cop , I be ask my friend - do you think it 's he ? toschi yes. ( pause ) but we could never prove it . ( continued ) final shoot script 189 . 233f continued : ( 5 ) 233f graysmith just because you can not prove something do not mean it 's not true . toschi look at he . nod . toschi I gotta get go . I start in burglary today . ( pause ) let I buy you breakfast . toschi put some money on the table . rise . head for the door ... graysmith Dave ? when do you know ? toschi turn back . toschi the minute I laid eye on he . 234 ext . ace hardware -- parking lot -- morning 234 just open for business . a car pull into the lot . graysmith . 235 int . ace hardware -- morning 235 graysmith enter the store . look for someone . a heavy bald clerk , stock . we see he only from behind ... graysmith Excuse I ? the clerk turn and flash a smile . his nameplate read " lee " . he wear a zodiac watch on he wrist . they stand three foot apart . graysmith stare at he . look he in the eye ... Allen 's smile fade . realizing why graysmith 's there . he frown . his face transform . and we see how terrifying this man really could be . they hold each other 's gaze for what seem like forever ... and Allen finally look away . graysmith blink . once . get what he come here for . know for sure . graysmith turn and walk out of the store . 235a omitted 235a 236 final shoot script 190 . ext . vallejo -- blue rock spring -- evening 236 July 4th , 1989 - vallejo , California . a american flag flutter in the breeze . twilight . the sun , give way to a crisp summer evening . the parking lot where darlene ferrin die . twenty year later . graysmith sit on the hood of he car , sip a diet Coke . older and grayer . bawart ( 0.s. ) twenty year , huh ? darlene and Mike - right there . graysmith look up to see GEORGE bawart amble towards he . point at the spot the corvair park . bawart ( cont 'd ) kind of amazing , a guy shoot a couple of farm kid , write some letter , and we be still talk about it . Robert graysmith , I presume . graysmith sergeant bawart ? bawart call I George . I take over for Jack mulanax a couple year back . graysmith how would you know it be I ? bawart hold up a copy of the book . bawart you cover photo . ( look around ) so Mike mageau never make a positive id on anyone , huh ? graysmith I could never find he . bawart you talk to he family ? graysmith look at he . defensive . graysmith why would you ask I here , sergeant ? ( continued ) 236 continued : on graysmith . final shoot script 191 . 236 bawart want to tell you something . could not do it over the phone . ( pause ) we have reopen the case on Arthur leigh Allen . his vindication . graysmith really ? bawart really . ( pause ) we do not want that get around - graysmith I understand - bawart it 's you book that do it . a beat as this sink in . graysmith ( flustered ) I never mean for it - I mean , I get some of it wrong - bawart you get a lot of it right , too . ( chuckle ; to the book ) I do not know how a civilian find out half this stuff - hell , as a cop I probably do not want to know , but thing be move again . we find Robert emmet the hippie . ( off graysmith 's look ) yup , Robert emmet rodifer , go to high school with leigh , he 's over in Germany . we be also onto a guy name spinelli - claim Allen tell he he be gonna go to San Francisco and shoot a cabbie . graysmith seriously ? bawart seriously . there 's one more thing . ( continued ) final shoot script 191a . 236 continued : ( 2 ) 236 he take a step closer to graysmith . confidentially : bawart ( cont 'd ) Allen 's sick . he 's get diabete , maybe terminal . so even if we get he - he 's already get . you understand ? graysmith but you have to do it anyway , right ? bawart Hell , no one else will . any case , I think you deserve to know . graysmith I appreciate it . good luck . he offer a hand and bawart shake it . bawart hey , you wanna go grab a bite , talk the case a bit ? tempt - the old graysmith would have say yes ina heartbeat . but he smile as he realize he answer be graysmith not really . but thanks . bawart Mr. graysmith , thank you . graysmith smile . get into he car . bawart watch as he drive away . 237 238 239 240 241 final shoot script ext . ontario airport -- morning choom ! a plane come in for a landing ... int . ontario airport -- morning August 16 , 1991 . bawart come down a escalator . clutch a briefcase . pass a in - terminal barne and noble . paperback of Robert graysmith 's " Zodiac " on display . bawart stride up to a security guard . they be expect he . he 's lead to a private room at the back of the airport ... int . ontario airport -- private room -- morning bawart alone . open the briefcase . extracting several file , a well dog -ear copy of graysmith 's book , a manila envelope , and a hogan high yearbook ... int . ontario airport -- morning mike mageau be lead by security to the private room . bedraggle hair , skittish face . life have not be kind ... int . ontario airport -- private room -- morning the door open and bawart look up from a yearbook photo of Young Mike mageau , to see the real version stand in front of he . he rise , extend a hand . bawart Mr. mageau , thank you for see I . mike you be the one I talk to on the phone ? bawart yes , sir , George bawart , vallejo PD , I take over the case from Jack mulanax . mike it 's be twenty two year , I do not know how I can help you ... ( continued ) 237 238 239 240 241 241 final shoot script 192a . continued : 241 bawart this be just a formality . I be go to show you a group of photograph . the person that shot you may or may not be among this group of photograph . you do not have to pick anybody out just because I be show you this picture . do you understand ? mike yes , sir , I do . bawart pick up the envelope and extract a photo array from it . leigh allen' face among five other . he place the photo array down on the table . Mike frown , stare down at the different picture ... bawart take you time . if you do not recognize anyone that 's okay . Mike stare at the picture for 15 second . then : ( continued ) 241 242 final shoot script 193 . continued : ( 2 ) 241 mike that 's he . Mike stab he finger down at a picture . a young arthur leigh allen . bawart blink . bawart how sure be you ? mike pretty sure . he have a round face like this guy . he point to the picture of a second man . bawart be you identify this second person as well ? mike no , no , just that he have a round face like that . it 's this man . he tap the photo of Allen . bawart on a scale of one to ten , how sure be you ? mike it 's at least a eight . only other time I see this face be on July 4 , 1969 . I be very sure that 's the man who shot I . CUT to : a black screen . 242 silence . the follow word appear : in 1991 Arthur leigh Allen 's basement be searched by the vallejo Police Department . in it be find bomb diagram , explosive device , 7 handgun , 4 rifle , and codebook . in order to secure the warrant , Don Cheney , the man who first implicate Allen as the Zodiac , be give a polygraph test . he pass with fly color . this word fade . replaced by : ( continued ) 242 final shoot script 194 . continued : 242 follow Mike mageau 's identification of Allen as the Zodiac Police be schedule to meet on August 27 , 1992 to discuss arrest he for the murder . Allen suffer a fatal heart attack one day before this meeting take place . no arrest be ever make . this word fade . replaced by : Inspector David toschi retire from the San Francisco Police Department in 1989 . he be completely clear of all charge that he write the 1978 Zodiac letter . politically destroy by the allegation , however , he never rise above the rank of Inspector . this word fade . replaced by : in 2001 DNA test be run on several of the Zodiac envelope . the San Francisco lab claim DNA find under the stamp do not match Arthur leigh allen' . some believe this test exonerate Arthur leigh Allen . other believe Zodiac would not have lick he own stamp since saliva type test be already common in 1969 . in 2004 , the San Francisco Police Department officially deactivate the Zodiac investigation . the Zodiac case in vallejo , Napa , and solano County remain open to this day . this word fade . replaced by : today Robert graysmith life in San Francisco and enjoy a healthy relationship with he child . many people believe he be wrong in he conclusion on the Zodiac case . the anonymous phone call he be receive abruptly cease in 1992 . not a single one have occur since Allen 's death . roll credit fade out