zootopia written by Jared Bush &amp ; phil johnston Story by Byron Howard , Rich Moore , Jared Bush , Jim reardon , josie trinidad , phil johnston and Jennifer Lee in black -- we hear the feral , primeval sound of a jungle at night . a timpani bang a ominous beat . fade in on : a jungle - night a bunny nervously walk through the dark , forebode forest , frighten by every shadow and move leaf . young judy ( v.o . ) fear. treachery . bloodlust ! thousands of year ago , this be the force that rule we world . a world where prey be scared of predator . and predator have a uncontrollable biological urge to maim and maul and ... the timpani crescendos . a jaguar leap out of the shadow , attack the bunny , who scream -- CUT to : inside a barn - a jungle ( set ) - night the action continue -- as imagine by a amateur stage production . young judy blood , blood , blood ! ream of red papier mo ché entrail ooze from the bunny . and when that run out -- projectile ketchup . reveal : this be animal kid actor . the bunny , judy hopp , 10 , be we hero . and this be she play be stage . a banner read : carrot day talent show ! young judy ( cont 'd ) and death . the crowd look on , confuse . the music go discordant as bobby catmull , a bobcat , bang a drum . young judy ( cont 'd ) back then , the world be divide in two . vicious predator or meek prey . 2. two box drop down , label vicious predator and meek prey . the predator box land on the jaguar . the meek prey box land on Judy . her entrail get stick outside the box . she drag they underneath with she . young judy ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) but over time , we evolve , and move beyond we primitive savage way . a young sheep wear a white muumuu and a cardboard rainbow on he head do a improvisational dance across the stage . Judy and the jaguar burst out of they box , now wear white muumuus , too . young judy ( cont 'd ) now , predator and prey live in harmony . Judy and the jaguar shake hand as the sheep throw glitter . young judy ( cont 'd ) and every young mammal have multitudinous opportunity . astronaut sheep yeah , I do not have to cower in a herd anymore . the jaguar rip off he muumuu . she 's wear a homemade astronaut costume . astronaut sheep ( cont 'd ) instead I can be a astronaut . catmull play a slide whistle . actuary jaguar I do not have to be a lonely hunter any more . the jaguar rip off he muumuu . he 's dress in a suit . actuary today I can hunt for tax exemption . I be gonna be a actuary ! young judy and I can make the world a better place ! I be go to be ... catmull play a 70 - style cop show theme on the boom box . Judy rip off she muumuu , revealing a police officer uniform . 3. young judy ( cont 'd ) a police officer ! Judy 's parent , bonnie &amp ; stu , look stunne . a mean fox kid , gideon grey , snicker . he 's sit next to a weasel kid . gideon grey Bunny cop . that be the most stupidest thing I ever hear . young judy it may seem impossible to small mind -- ( point at gideon ) I be look at you gideon grey . catmull drop down a backdrop show a bright city skyline . he hit play on a uplift song . young judy ( cont 'd ) but just 211 mile away stand the great city of Zootopia ! where we ancestor first join together in peace , and declare that anyone can be anything ! thank you and good night ! Judy give a mighty thespian bow , to the sound of catmull on organ . the audience applaud . Judy 's parent look concerned . ext . carrot day festival - later that day a festival replete with food booth , game and ride -- all aggressively carrot-theme . Judy , in she cop costume , bounce along with she folk . we catch they conversation mid-stream . stu hopp Judy , you ever wonder how you mom and I get to be so darn happy ? young judy nope . stu hopp well , we give up on we dream and we settle , right bon ? bonnie hopp oh yes , that 's right , stu . we settle hard . 4. stu hopp see , that 's the beauty of complacency , Jude . if you do not try anything new , you will never fail . young judy I like try , actually . bonnie hopp what you father mean , hon , be it 's gonna be difficult -- impossible even -- for you to become a police officer . stu hopp right . there 's never be a bunny cop . bonnie hopp no . stu hopp bunny do not do that . bonnie hopp never . stu hopp never . young judy oh . then I guess I will have to be the first one . because I be gonna make the world ... ( parkour against a vendor 's stand ) a better place ! stu hopp or ... um , heck , you wanna talk about make the world a better place -- the trio arrive at the hopp family farm carrot booth , which be manned by too many child to count . stu hopp ( cont 'd ) -- no better way to do it than become a carrot farmer . bonnie hopp yes ! you dad , I , you 275 brother and sister -- we be change the world . 5 . stu hopp yep . bonnie hopp one carrot at a time ... stu hopp amen to that . carrot farming be a noble profession . Judy spot gideon grey stalking some SMALL animal . she remain fix on gideon as stu and bonnie yap on obliviously . bonnie hopp ( o.s. ) mmm hmm . just put the seed in the ground . stu hopp ( o.s. ) ahh , at one with the soil . we be back on bonnie and stu 's conversation now . bonnie hopp you get it . I mean , it 's great to have dream . stu hopp yeah , just as long as you do not believe in they too much . ( finally notice Judy 's absence ) where in the heck would she go ? across the fair ... from behind a tree , Judy watch as gideon grey intimidate the astronaut sheep , sharla . gideon grey gimme you ticket right now , or I be gonna kick you meek little sheep butt . sharla ow ! cut it out , gideon ! gideon grey baa-baa . what be ya gonna do , cry ? gideon swipe sharla 's fair ticket . young judy ( o.s. ) hey ! Judy charge toward the danger . 6. young judy ( cont 'd ) you hear she . cut it out . gideon turn . there 's Judy , project the image of a tiny clint eastwood . gideon grey Nice costume , loser . what crazy world be you live in where you think a bunny could be a cop ? young judy kindly return my friend ' ticket . gideon pat the ticket in he pocket . gideon grey come and get `em .... but watch out , `cause I be a fox - - and like you say in you dumb little stage play , we predator use to eat prey . and that killer instinct 's still in we dunnahh . travis the wolf henchman kid ( sotto , to gideon ) uh , I be pretty much sure it 's pronounce d-n-a . gideon grey do not tell I what I know , Travis . young judy you do not scare I , gideon . gideon shove Judy . hard . she fall . the other prey animal flee to safety behind a nearby tree , leave she to face the thug alone . gideon grey you scared now ? Judy start to tear up . her nose start to twitch . travis the wolf henchman kid lookit she nose twitch . she be scared ! gideon grey Cry little baby bunny . Cry , cry -- suddenly -- bam ! Judy kick gideon in the face with she hind leg . he stumble back , then check he lip for blood . 7. gideon grey ( cont 'd ) oh , you do not know when to quit , do ya ? he unsheathes he claw like a switchblade , then slap she , draw blood from she cheek . she cower , as do she scared friend behind the tree . gideon grey ( cont 'd ) I want you to remember this moment -- the next time you think you will ever be anything more than just a stupid , carrot farming dumb bunny . gideon and he pal head off , laugh and high -five . the prey animal run back over to Judy , who wipe the blood from she cheek . she fight tear , defeat . gareth the doubting sheep boy that look bad . sharla be you okay , Judy ? young judy yeah ... yeah , I be okay . Judy smile and then whip out the ticket as she get up . young judy ( cont 'd ) here you go . sharla wow ! you get we ticket ! gareth the doubting sheep boy you be awesome , Judy ! sharla yeah ! that gideon grey do not know what he 's talkin ' `bout . young judy well , he be right about one thing ... Judy pick up the cop hat , put it on she head . young judy ( cont 'd ) I do not know when to quit . CUT to : 8. ext . police academy training facility - day hopp and the comparatively huge cadet sit in a circle as major friedkin , a intimidating drill instructor , lecture . major friedkin listen up cadet ! Zootopia have 12 unique ecosystem within its city limit -- tundra town , sahara Square , rainforest District , to name a few . you be gonna have to master all of they before you hit the street -- or guess what ? ( to hopp ) you will be dead ! in sahara square simulator : hopp struggle through the sand . major friedkin ( cont 'd ) scorch sandstorm . you be dead , bunny bumpkin ! on the vine - cover monkey bar : hopp swing across the bar , simulate the rainforest district . she fall off , landing face first in the mud . major friedkin ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) 1000 foot fall . you be dead , carrot face ! tundra town ice wall : Judy and the cadet sprint toward the wall . the clawe animal dig into the ice wall . hopp slide off . major friedkin ( cont 'd ) frigid ice wall . you be dead , farm girl ! in the boxing ring : hopp get in the ring with a big bison . major friedkin ( cont 'd ) e-normous criminal . hopp get punch in the nose . major friedkin ( cont 'd ) you be dead ! 9. three quick cut of failure : major friedkin ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Dead ! / Dead ! / Dead ! in the toilet : hopp ruse into a stall . the toilet be considerably larger than she be . she shut the door . we see she climb up the toilet . in the next stall , we see the foot of a hippo . then , kersplash ! hopp fall into the toilet . major friedkin ( cont 'd ) filthy toilet . you be dead , fluff butt ! hopp on her own -- she run at sunset -- after everyone else have call it a day . we hear the drill instructor 's voice echoing in she mind . major friedkin ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) just quit and go home , fuzzy bunny ! then that of she parent ... stu hopp ( v.o . ) there 's never be a bunny cop . bonnie hopp ( v.o . ) never . stu hopp ( v.o . ) never . then gideon 's ... gideon grey ( v.o . ) just a stupid , carrot farming dumb bunny . overnight , in the barracks : hopp stay up late study , do sit up . on the ice wall : hopp bound up the wall , jump off of the back of the big animal and make it over , impress the Major Friedkin . in the ring : 10 . hopp dodge a few swing . the bison miss . hopp bound over he and use he momentum -- kick he other hand into he face , knock he down . dissolve to : ext . police academy - day it 's graduation day . mayor lionheart be at the podium . lionheart as Mayor of Zootopia , I be proud to announce that my mammal inclusion initiative have produce its first police academy graduate . Judy stand proudly in she cop uniform . lionheart ( cont 'd ) valedictorian of she class , zpd 's very first rabbit officer ... Judy hopp . Judy walk to the stage as that in attendance cheer -- she family chief among they . assistant mayor bellwether applaud . she smile at Judy , lose in the moment . lionheart ( cont 'd ) ( clear he throat ) Assistant Mayor bellwether ? her badge . bellwether oh ! yes right . lionheart thank you . bellwether step forward to pin hopp ' zpd badge on she . lionheart ( cont 'd ) Judy , it be my great privilege to officially assign you to the heart of Zootopia : precinct one , City Center . Judy can barely contain she glee . her parent be in shock . bellwether congratulation , Officer hopp . 11 . judy I will not let you down . this have be my dream since I be a kid . bellwether ya know , it 's a ... it 's a real proud day for we little guy . lionheart bellwether , make room will ya ? come on . lionheart shove bellwether out of the way . lionheart ( cont 'd ) okay , Officer hopp . let 's see that tooth ! a group of photographer aim they camera . lionheart step in front of bellwether , edging she out of the photo . the flashbulb pop . ext . bunnyburrow train station - day stu , bonnie , and several sibling accompany Judy to the train station . bonnie hopp we be real proud of you , Judy . stu hopp yeah . scare , too . bonnie hopp yes . stu hopp really , it 's kind of a proud-scare combo . I mean , Zootopia . it 's so far a away ... it 's such a big city . judy guy -- I have be work for this my whole life . bonnie hopp we know . and we be just a little excited for you , but terrify . judy the only thing we have to fear be fear itself . 12 . stu hopp and also bear . we have bear to fear , too . to say nothing of lion , and wolf ... bonnie hopp wolf ? stu hopp ... weasel ... bonnie hopp you play cribbage with a weasel . stu hopp and he cheat like there 's no tomorrow . you know what , pretty much all predator -- and Zootopia 's full of `em . bonnie hopp ( scolding ) oh , stu. stu hopp and fox be the worst . bonnie hopp ( retreate ) actually , you father do have a point there . it 's in they biology . remember what happen with gideon grey . judy when I be 9 . gideon grey be a jerk , who happen to be a fox . I know plenty of bunny who be jerk . stu hopp sure . yeah , we all do . absolutely . but just in case , we make you a little care package to take with you . bonnie hopp and I put some snack in there . stu begin pull a bunch of pink fox deterrent from a bag . stu hopp this be fox deterrent . 13 . bonnie hopp yeah that 's safe to have there . stu hopp this be fox repellent ... bonnie hopp okay , the deterrent and the repellent . that 's all she need . stu hopp check this out ! stu remove a Fox taser , fire it up . it sizzle . bonnie hopp oh for goodness sake . she have no need for a fox taser , stu . stu hopp oh c'mon . when be there not a need for a fox taser ? judy okay , look -- I will take this to make you stop talk . Judy grab the pink fox repellent from the bag as the train pull up . stu hopp terrific ! everyone win ! train conductor arrive -- Zootopia Express ! judy ok . gotta go . bye ! Judy head for the train , head hold high . no turn back . stu and bonnie watch , both hold back tear . suddenly , the emotion catch up with Judy . she turn , run back to she parent , hug they tight . judy ( cont 'd ) I love you guy . bonnie hopp Love you , too ! one more squeeze , then Judy run off and jump on the train . 14 . stu hopp oh cripe , here come the waterwork . bonnie hopp oh stu , pull it together . judy bye everybody ! cotton bye , Judy ! I love you ! crowd of bunnie bye ! as the train pull away , she family run next to it , wave . judy bye ! Judy look back as they face recede into the distance . the train blast past bunnyburrow , pass its exponentially increase population sign . Judy pull out she iphone and click play ... she new life be about to begin and we CUT to : a montage -- as hopp take the train , it round a curve . she look up . her eye light up . there in the distance be ... ext . zootopia CITY - establishing ... the unbelievable animal metropolis of zootopia , which be comprise of amazing habitat " borough . " the train whip past tundratown , savanna central , rainforest district , meadowland , sahara square , etc . int . zootopia central station - a little later hopp spill out of the train ... and we be now in a multi - scale environment : everything from mouse to elephant . 15 . ext . downtown zootopia - a little later hopp emerge into the main Zootopia central plaza . it 's a amazing , magnificent place . a jumbotron feature a gazelle pop star , gazelle , blare its message in a loop . gazelle I be gazelle . welcome to Zootopia ! CUT to : int . hoppss apartment build , hallway - day dharma armadillo , hopp 's older armadillo landlady , open the door to hopp ' new apartment -- which we can not see yet . dharma armadillo and welcome to the Grand pangolin arm . " luxury Apartments with charm . " hopp discover the room be a tiny , crappy studio apartment . dharma armadillo ( cont 'd ) complimentary de-louse once a month . ( hand over the key ) do not lose you key . hopp thank you ! as Dharma leave , hopp ' volatile , artsy neighbor , kudu and oryx pootosser , pass by in the hall . hopp ( cont 'd ) oh hi , I be Judy ! you new neighbor ! kudu pootosser yeah ? well we be loud . oryx pootosser do not expect we to apologize for it . before hopp can respond , they be go , leave hopp alone . she look around ... blank - face so it 's tough to read she emotion . hopp greasy wall ... rickety bed ... 16 . kudu pootosser ( o.s. ) shut up ! oryx pootosser ( o.s. ) you shut up ! kudu pootosser ( o.s. ) no ! you shut up ! hopp crazy neighbor ... ( big smile as she flop on the bed ) I love it ! as the shouting continue , she stretch out on she bed , exhaust but overjoy . wake up montage - morning Quick , rhythmic cut of : - alarm clock : beep. beep. beep . - dress : vest. badge . belt . on the bedside table sit the pink fox repellent . Judy glance at it and smirk -- take it would be silly -- she walk out of frame . hold on the table . one second . then Judy 's hand come back into frame and grab the repellent . int . zootopia police department - morning utter mayhem . cop parade perp through the lobby -- one be wear cuff and a plastic ( not scary ) safety muzzle , he complain to the bear cop march he by . leopard c'mon ! he bare he tooth first . we land at the front desk and find clawhauser , a pudgy cheetah cop , happily eat a bowl of lucky chomp cereal . hopp ( o.c. ) scuse I ! down here ? hi. clawhauser lean over the desk to find hopp . clawhauser o- m goodness ! they really do hire a bunny . what ?! ( more ) 17 . clawhauser ( cont 'd ) I gotta tell ya , you be even cuter than I think you would be . hopp ( a little wince ) ooo , uh , you probably do not know , but a bunny can call another bunny " cute , " but when other animal do it , it 's a little ... clawhauser ( gasp , realize ) I be so sorry . I , Benjamin clawhauser , the guy everyone think be just a flabby , donut - loving cop , stereotyping you ...? hopp it 's okay -- oh , you have actually you have actually get a -- there 's a-- in you neck -- the fold -- the -- there 's -- clawhauser remove a small do nut from under some neck fat . clawhauser oh , there you go , you little dicken ! he cram the donut into he mouth . hopp ( awkwardly laugh ) I should get to roll call , so ... which way do I ? clawhauser oh ! bullpen 's over there to the leave . hopp great , thank you ! clawhauser watch admiringly as she head to the bullpen . clawhauser ( to himself , wistful ) aw ... that poor little bunny 's gonna get eat alive . 18 . int . zpd - bullpen - continuous hopp enter the bullpen , by far the smallest animal in the room : rhino , buffalo , hippos , elephant , etc . hopp hold she paw out to a tough rhino , mchorn . hopp hey . Officer hopp . you ready to make the world a better place ? mchorn give hopp a reluctant fist bump , nearly knock she off the chair . officer higgins ( o.s. ) ten hut ! in walk chief bogo , a gruff cape BUFFALO . he take the dais . everyone snap to attention and start stomping the floor . bogo all right , all right . everybody sit . as hopp sit , she disappear below the desk that be mean for a rhino . bogo ( cont 'd ) I have get three item on the docket . first ... we need to acknowledge the elephant in the room . ( nod to elephant ) francine , happy birthday . a elephant , francine , blushes as other cop clap . bogo ( cont 'd ) number two : there be some new recruit with we I should introduce . but I be not go to , because I do not care . finally ... he turn to a push pin-pocked map that 's cover in photo of missing mammal . hopp 's eye go wide . bogo ( cont 'd ) ... we have 14 miss mammal case . all predator , from a giant polar bear , to a teensy little otter . and City Hall be right up my tail to find they . this be priority number one . assignment ! higgins hand bogo a stack of case file . bogo put on he read glass , examine the file as he assign case . 19 . bogo ( cont 'd ) officer grizzoli , fangmeyer , delgato -- you team take miss mammal from the rainforest District . officer mchorn , rhinowitz , wolfard , you team take sahara Square . officer higgins , snarlov , trunkaby : tundratown . and finally , we first bunny , Officer hopp . hopp sit up , expectant but steely . bogo look at the final case file in he hand . he take a dramatic breath , then : bogo ( cont 'd ) parking duty . dismiss ! hopp parking duty ? ( run after bogo ) uh , Chief ? Chief bogo ? bogo look around ... then down to find hopp . hopp ( cont 'd ) Sir , you say there be 14 miss mammal case ? bogo so. hopp so I can handle one . you probably forget , but I be top of my class at the academy . bogo do not forget . just do not care . hopp Sir , I be not just some " token " bunny . bogo well , then write a hundred ticket a day should be easy . he go , slamm the door behind he . Judy stomp she foot . hopp 100 ticket ...? I be not gonna write 100 ticket ... I be gonna write 200 ticket ! ( more ) 20 . hopp ( cont 'd ) ( then , to the close door ) before noon ! int . / ext . meter maid cart - day hopp don a vest , buckle she seat belt , floor the pedal and ... take off at 2 mile a hour . which lead to a parking meter montage -- hopp zoom past a row of car , mark they tire . cruise the street , she super- sensitive ear hear a meter ding . she slam she brake -- then proudly issue ticket # 1 . ding ! another meter go off . then another . and another . she 's on a roll . she look down at she counter . it 's at 200 . hopp boom ! 200 ticket before noon . a final ding ... reveal : she own traffic cart be at a expire meter . hopp roll she eye and write herself a ticket . hopp ( cont 'd ) 201 . as hopp put the ticket on she windshield , she hear a voice across the street : truck driver ( o.s. ) hey , watch where you be go , Fox ! hopp look across the street to see ... a red fox . hopp look at he , a little suspicious . the Fox look around , then slink into a café . hopp run across the street and peek in the window . it 's a ice cream parlor , but ... the fox be gone . hopp ( sotto ) where would he go ... int . jumbeaux be cafe - moment later elephant scoop ice cream with they trunk , suck up nut with they trunk . it 's cute but also disgusting . as hopp enter , she spot the fox , nick wilde , at the front of the line and overhear the proprietor , jerry , address he . 21 . jerry jumbeaux , JR . listen , I do not know what you be do skulking around during daylight hour , but I do not want any trouble in here ... so hit the road . hopp unsnap the holster of she pink fox repellent . nick I be not look for any trouble either , sir . I simply want to buy a jumbo pop for my little boy . ready for action , slowly creep forward , hopp 's expression change when she see that Nick be with he toddler son . nick ( cont 'd ) ( to the boy ) you want the red or the blue , pal ? stare at the cute little boy , hopp be embarrassed by she impulse . she snap the repellent holster and begin to leave . hopp ( disgust with herself ) I be such a ... jerry jumbeaux , JR . oh come on , kid . back up . listen , buddy , what ? there be not any fox ice cream joint in you part of town ? hopp suddenly stop . her ear go up and she turn around . nick uh , no no , there be . there be . it 's just , my boy -- ( tousle boy 's hair ) -- this goofy little stinker -- he love all thing elephant . want to be one when he grow up . the boy give a toot - toot with he toy elephant trunk . nick ( cont 'd ) be not it adorable ? who the heck be I to crush he little dream , huh ? right ? jerry jumbeaux , JR . look , you probably can not read , fox but the sign say ... ( more ) 22 . jerry jumbeaux , JR . ( cont 'd ) ( slowly read sign , belittling ) we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone . so beat it . elephant you be hold up the line . the little fox be about to cry , when hopp walk up . hopp ( o.s. ) hello ? Excuse I ? jerry jumbeaux , JR . hey , you be gonna have to wait you turn like everyone else , metermaid . hopp actually ... ( revealing badge ) I be a officer . just have a quick question . be you customer aware they be get snot and mucous with they cookie and cream ? a elephant couple overhear and spit out they ice cream . jerry jumbeaux , JR . what be you talkin ' about ? hopp well , I do not wanna cause you any trouble , but I believe scoop ice cream with a un-glove trunk be a class 3 Health code violation ... a guilty employee release a scoop from they trunk . hopp ( cont 'd ) ... which be kind of a big deal . of course -- I could let you off with a warning if you be to glove that trunk and , I do not know , finish sell this nice dad and he son a ... what be it ? nick a jumbo pop. please . hopp a jumbo pop. 23 . jerry jumbeaux , JR . ( stew for a beat , then ) Fifteen dollar . nick thank you so much . ( to hopp ) thank you . ( then , dig for wallet ) oh no , be you kid I ? I do not have my wallet . I would lose my head if it be not attach to my neck , that 's the truth . oh boy , I be sorry pal . gotta be about the worst birthday ever . please do not be mad at I . ( kiss he , to hopp ) thanks , anyway . he turn to go . hopp slap some money on the counter . hopp keep the change . ext . jumbeaux be cafe - moment later hopp have the toddler 's hand . Nick hold a huge jumbo - pop . nick Officer , I can not thank you enough . so kind , really , can I pay you back ? hopp oh no , my treat -- it just -- y'know , it burn I up to see folk with such backward attitude toward fox . I just wanna say , you be a great dad and just a ... a real articulate fella . nick ah , well , that be high praise . it 's rare that I find someone so non - patronize ... Officer ... hopp ( totally miss he dig ) hopp . mr... nick wilde . Nick wilde . 24 . hopp ( to toddler ) and you little guy , you want to be a elephant when you grow up ... you be a elephant -- because this be Zootopia , anyone can be anything . hopp put a sticker badge on the boy 's chest . nick ah , boy , I tell he that all the time . all right here ya go -- ( hand he popsicle ) two paw . yeah . oh , look at that smile , that 's a happy birthday smile ! all right , give she a little bye - bye toot toot . the kid toot . hopp toot , toot ! nick bye now ! hopp Goodbye ! hopp walk off with a spring in she step . ext . sahara square - day hopp continue to write ticket . as she leave a ticket on another car , she can see a few block away . it 's nick and he kid . hopp give they a wave , but they do not notice she . hopp oh ! hey , little toot toot -- hopp realize they be melting they jumbo-pop in the hot sun , channele the juice into jug . huh ? Nick and he kid pack the jug into a van and nick's son get in the driver 's seat . they drive off , pass hopp , who stare , confuse . ext . tundratown - a little later hopp follow they to ... tundratown , where Nick 's " son " use he little paw print to create mold they pour the popsicle juice into , create dozen of smaller popsicle . hopp look on , scandalize . 25 . ext . savannah central - a little later hopp watch they resell the " pawpsicle " at mark - up price to lemming ... when one busy one , they all do . nick pawpsicle ! get you pawpsicle ! Nick rake in the cash . as the lemming leave , they throw they use popsicle stick into a recycling bin . a second later , Nick 's " son , " finnick , emerge from the bin with a bundle of use popsicle stick . hopp be mortify . ext . little rodentia - a little later hopp watch Nick plop down a big bundle of used popsicle stick in front of a mouse construction worker . nick lumber delivery ! mouse construction worker what 's with the color ? nick the color ? uh ... it 's redwood . hopp have now graduate to genuine anger . ext . outside little rodentia - moment later Nick hand finnick a wad of cash . nick 39 ...40 . there you go . Way to work that diaper , big guy . hey , no kiss bye - bye for daddy ? finnick ( super - deep voice ) you kiss I tomorrow , I will bite you face off . ciao . as finnick drive off in he van , blaring loud french rap music . we discover hopp behind it , and she be not happy . hopp well . I stand up for you , and you lie to I . you liar ! 26 . nick it 's call a hustle , sweetheart . and I be not the liar , he be . Nick point behind hopp . she turn ... no one . she turn back . Nick be go -- he tail disappear around a corner . hopp hey ! Nick walk on , calmly . hopp hurry up to he . hopp ( cont 'd ) alright , slick Nick , you be under arrest . nick really , for what ? hopp gee I do not know , how `bout sell food without a permit , transport undeclared commerce across borough line , false advertising ... Nick smile and produce that document . nick permit . receipt of declare commerce . and I do not falsely advertise anything . take care . hopp you tell that mouse the popsicle stick be redwood ! nick that 's right . " Red wood . " with a space in the middle . Wood that be red . ( then ) you can not touch I , carrot , I be do this since I be bear . hopp you be gonna wanna refrain from call I carrot ... nick my bad . I just naturally assume you come from some little carrot - choke podunk , no ? 27 . hopp ( be not it obvious ? ) ah , no . podunk be in deerbrooke County , and I grow up in bunnyburrow . nick okay . tell I if this story sound familiar : ( harsh now , rapidly ) naïve little hick with good grade and big idea decide , " hey lookit I , I be gonna move to Zootopia - - where predator and prey live in harmony and sing kumbaya ! " only to find -- whoopsie , we do not all get along . and that dream of become a big city cop ? double whoopsie ! she 's a meter may . and whoopsie number threesie -- no one care about she or she dream . and soon enough that dream die and we bunny sink into emotional and literal squalor live in a box under a bridge . til finally she have no choice but to go back home with that cute , fuzzy wuzzy little tail between she leg to become -- you be from bunnyburrow , be that what you say ? -- so how `bout a carrot farmer ... that sound about right ? she 's speechless -- how do he get my number so quickly ? a rhino almost crush she . nick ( cont 'd ) be careful now , it will not just be you dream get crush . hopp ( ever-so-slightly rattle ) hey ! hey ! no one tell I what I can or can not be ! especially not some jerk who never have the gut to try to be anything more than a popsicle hustler ! nick alright look , everyone come to Zootopia think they can be anything they want . well you can not . you can only be what you be . ( point to himself ) sly fox . ( more ) 28 . nick ( cont 'd ) ( point to she ) Dumb bunny . hopp I be not a dumb bunny . nick right . and that 's not wet cement . she look down . she 's land in wet cement . nick ( cont 'd ) ( as he go ) you will never be a real cop . you be a cute meter may though . maybe a supervisor one day . hang in there ... int . hoppss apartment , hallway - evening close on her welcome mat : hopp wipe off she cement cover foot . then she enter the apartment -- hopp turn on the radio . everybody hurt play . she change the station . a sadder song come on . she change the station repeatedly , each song progressively sadder . finally , she land on a treacly instrumental that will score the scene . she put in a microwave dinner : carrot for one . hopp take she food ( a single carrot ) and sit at a small table . her phone ring . insert : mom &amp ; dad facetime . hopp shake she head , sigh , then put on a fake smile and answer . hopp oh hey , it 's my parent ! bonnie hopp aw there she be ! hi sweetheart ! the facetime cut between bonnie on she phone . stu will pop in and out of frame . stu hopp hey there , Jude the dude ! how be you first day on the force ? hopp it be real great . 29 . bonnie hopp yeah ? everything you ever hope ? hopp mmm. absolutely . and more . everyone 's so nice . and I feel like I be really make a difference -- stu hopp ( pop head into frame ) hey , wait a second . Holy cripe , bonnie ! look at that ! bonnie hopp ( a discovery ) oh my sweet heaven -- Judy , be you a meter may ? hopp be still wear she vest , and she hat be on the chair . hopp ( panicked ) oh this ? no ! oh , no no ! this be just a temporary thing -- bonnie hopp it 's the safest job on the force ! stu hopp ah , she 's not a real cop ! we prayer have be answer ! bonnie hopp glorious day ! stu hopp meter may , meter may ! hopp dad ! dad -- stu hopp meter may , meter may ! hopp dad ! you know what -- it 's be a really long day , I should really -- bonnie hopp that 's right . you get some rest ! stu hopp that meter be not gonna may themselves . 30 . bonnie hopp bye bye ! hopp ( eye roll ) buh-bye . she hang up , defeat . the self - pitying music come up full . oryx pootosser ( o.s. ) hey Bunny ! turn down that depress music ! kudu pootosser ( o.s. ) leave the meter may alone ! do not you hear she conversation ? she feel like a failure ! Judy turn off the music . oryx pootosser ( o.s. ) oh , shut up ! kudu pootosser ( o.s. ) you shut up ! oryx pootosser ( o.s. ) you shut up ! hopp ( quietly to herself ) tomorrow 's another day ... oryx pootosser ( o.s. ) yeah , but it might be worse ! off Judy 's exhaust look , we : CUT to : ext . street of zootopia - the next day hopp , on meter may duty , thunks a ticket on a windshield . moose I be 30 second over ! another meter ding , hopp put another ticket on a very small windshield . angry gerbil lady ugh ! yeah you be a real hero , lady ! 31 . ding ! another ticket down . a mother hippo pick up the ticket , she SMALL child look right at hopp . hippo child my mommy say she wish you be dead . angry driver ( o.s. ) un-cool , rabbit . my tax dollar pay you salary . int . meter maid cart after what have clearly be a series of this encounter , hopp repeatedly bang she head on the steering wheel . hopp ( less convinced with each utterance ) I be a real cop . I be a real cop . I be a real cop . I be a real cop ... frantic pig ( o.s. ) hey ! suddenly , a pig bang on the cart 's window . hopp startles . frantic pig ( cont 'd ) you ! Bunny ! hopp ( rote ) Sir , if you have a grievance , you may contest you citation in traffic court . frantic pig what be you talk about ? my shop ! it be just rob ! look , he 's get away ! well be you a cop or not ? hopp see a weasel run with a bag of steal goods . hopp ( snap out of it ) oh , yes ! yes ! do not worry , sir , I get this ! ext . street of zootopia - continuous hopp jump out and give chase -- ditching she silly vest . 32 . hopp stop ! stop in the name of the law ! duke weaselton catch I if you can , cottontail ! the chase be on . mchorn screech up in he cop car . duke weaselton ( cont 'd ) whoa . come through ! mchorn this be Officer mchorn , we get a 10 - 31 . hopp slide across he hood . hopp I get dib ! Officer hopp , I be in pursuit ! hopp chase the weasel , who race through Savannah Central . as hopp advance , the weasel duck into ... little rodentia . thanks to she small size , hopp follow he in . hopp ( cont 'd ) you ! freeze ! mchorn ( arrive , but too big to enter ) hey ! metermaid ! wait for the real cop ! ext . little rodentia - continuous hopp emerge in Little rodentia , teeming with tiny rodent . hopp stop ! hopp spot the weasel , who 's use two mouse car as skate . she chase after he , smash through Little rodentia . as the weasel jump off the top of a mouse building , he knock it over , but hopp be able to save they from crash . resuming the chase , hopp jump off the building -- landing precariously in the midst of a large group of mouse . hopp ( cont 'd ) oh ! oh , sorry ! come through ! ` scuse I ! ` scuse I . pardon ... 33. hopp locate weaselton , who 's safely make he escape on the top of a tiny mouse train . duke weaselton bon voyage , flat foot ! but hopp will not quit . she take a short cut and knock he off the train . rodent scream and run amidst the chaos . hopp hey ! stop right there ! the weasel throw a ornamental donut at hopp . duke weaselton have a donut , coppah ! but the donut miss and roll towards some shrews come out of " mousy . " fru fru shrew ohmygaw , do you see that leopard print jegging ? ( see the donut about to kill she ) aaaaaaaaaaaagh ! but at the last second ... hopp stop it ! deep breath ... hopp I love you hair . fru fru shrew aw ... thank you . meanwhile , the weasel spot the bag he be steal and smugly pick it up , ready to leave . duke weaselton come to papa ... then out of nowhere , hopp dump the donut on he head . int . zpd - lobby - a little later the lobby be overflow with animal filing missing mammal report . clawhauser be deal with a otter , mrs . otterton . clawhauser okay , you be gonna have to be patient and wait in line just like everyone else , Mrs. otterton , okay ? 34 . just then : bam ! the weasel ( in donut ) roll through the front door and hit clawhauser 's desk . it settles , revealing hopp . hopp I pop the weasel ! behind she , Chief bogo yell from the second floor . bogo hopp ! int . zpd - bogo's office - a little later hopp sit in a big chair in front of bogo , like a kid in the principal 's office . bogo look over a report . bogo abandon you post , incite a scurry , reckless endangerment of rodent ... but to be fair , you do stop a master criminal from steal two dozen ... moldy onion . hopp hate to disagree with you , sir , but that be not onion . that be a crocus varietal call midnicampum holicithia . they're a class C botanical , sir . I grow up in a family where plant husbandry be kind of a thing . bogo shut you tiny mouth , now . hopp Sir , I get the bad guy . that 's my job . bogo you job be put ticket on park car . clawhauser ( intercom ) Chief , uh , Mrs. otterton 's here to see you again . bogo not now . 35 . clawhauser ( intercom ) okay , I just do not know if you want to take it this time , she seem really upset -- bogo not now ! hopp Sir , I do not want to be a meter may ... I wanna be a real cop . bogo do you think the Mayor ask what I want when he assign you to I ? hopp but sir , if you -- bogo life be not some cartoon musical where you sing a little song and you insipid dream magically come true . so let it go ! mrs . otterton barge in , with clawhauser trail , wheeze . mrs . otterton Chief bogo please -- five minute of you time . please ... clawhauser I be sorry , sir , I try to stop she , she be super slippery . I gotta go sit down . bogo ma'am , as I have tell you , we be do everything we can ... mrs . otterton my husband have be miss for ten day . his name be emmitt otterton . bogo yes , I know . mrs . otterton he 's a florist . we have two beautiful child . he would never just disappear . Mrs. otterton reveal she own sweet little photo of emmitt with she and the family . 36 . bogo ma'am , we detective be very busy . mrs . otterton please . there 's get to be somebody to find my em . bogo Mrs. otterton -- hopp ( o.s. ) I will find he . Mrs. otterton race over to hopp and give she a big hug of relief . bogo look to hopp , ready to explode . mrs . otterton oh , thank you ! bless you , bless you little bunny ! ( hand picture of family ) take this . find my emmitt . bring he home to I and my baby . please ? bogo grunt and usher Mrs. otterton back outside . bogo Mrs. otterton ? please wait out here . mrs . otterton of course . oh , thank you both so much . bogo one second . he close the door and turn to hopp , furious . bogo ( cont 'd ) you be fire . hopp what ? why ?! bogo insubordination . now , I be go to open this door and you be go to tell that otter you be a former meter may with delusion of grandeur who will not be take the case . 37 . bogo open the door , to find ... bellwether , hugging Mrs. otterton . bellwether I just hear Officer hopp be take the case ! bogo Assistant Mayor bellwether ... bellwether ( texting ) the mammal inclusion initiative be really start to pay off ! Mayor lionheart be just gonna be so jazze ! bogo no ! no , let 's not tell the mayor just yet -- bellwether and I send it , and it be do , so I do do that . all right , well I would say the case be in good hand ! we little guy really need to stick together ! right ? hopp like glue ! bellwether ( amused laughter ) good one ! just call I if you ever need anything , okay ? you have always get a friend at City Hall , Judy . alright , bye bye ! hopp thank you , mar 'am . bogo force a smile and close the door , even more piss . bogo I will give you 48 hour . hopp yes ! bogo that 's two day to find emmitt otterton . 38 . hopp okay . bogo but , you strike out -- you resign . hopp be take aback by that for a moment ... then nod . hopp oh , uh ... okay ... deal . bogo splendid . clawhauser will give you the complete case file . int . zpd - desk area - a little later clawhauser place the otterton file on he desk for hopp . clawhauser here ya go ! one miss otter ! hopp open the file . it 's a single piece of paper . what ? hopp that 's it ?! clawhauser yikes ! that be the smallest case file I have ever see ! lead : none , witness : none -- and you be not in the computer system yet , so resource : none . ( chuckle ) I hope you do not stake you career on crack this one . clawhauser take a bite of he donut and the crumb land on a picture in the file , draw hopp 's attention to it . hopp okay . ( deep breath ) " last know sighting ... " hopp brushes away the crumb , revealing a picture of Mr. otterton on the street . clawhauser annoyingly slurp from a soda bottle . hopp squint at the picture , intrigue . hopp ( cont 'd ) can I just borrow -- ( grab soda bottle ) thank you . 39 . hopp use clawhauser 's bottle to enlarge the picture . she see Mr. otterton hold a pawpsicle . hopp ( cont 'd ) pawpsicle . clawhauser the murder weapon ! hopp get you pawpsicle ... clawhauser yeah , `cause that ... what do that mean ? hopp it mean I ... have a lead . dissolve to : ext . downtown STREET - later we find Nick push a baby stroller . hopp zoom up in she traffic cart , smile . hopp hi! hello ? it 's I again ! nick hey , it 's Officer toot toot . hopp ( fake laugh , humoring he ) ha-ha -ho , no actually it 's Officer hopp , and I be here to ask you some question about a case . nick what happen , meter may ? do someone steal a traffic cone ? it be not I . hopp look ahead , Nick have go around the corner . hopp pull in front of Nick and sound she siren . nick ( cont 'd ) hey , carrot , you be gonna wake the baby , I gotta get to work . 40 . hopp this be important , sir . I think you ten dollar worth of popsicle can wait . nick I make 200 buck a day , fluff . 365 day a year , since I be 12 , and time be money , hop along . hopp please , just look at the picture . hopp hold up the traffic cam picture of the otter . hopp ( cont 'd ) you sell Mr. otterton that popsicle right ? do you know he ? nick I know everybody . and I also know that somewhere there 's a toy store miss its stuff animal , so why do not you get back to you box . hopp ' ear droop . hopp Fine . then we will have to do this the hard way . she put a boot on the stroller . nick do you just boot my stroller ? hopp Nicholas wilde , you be under arrest . nick for what ? howting you feewing ? hopp felony tax evasion . Nick smile drop a bit . hopp ( cont 'd ) yeah . 200 dollar a day ... 365 day a year ... since you be 12 , that 's two decade , so time twenty ... ( calculate ) ( more ) 41 . hopp ( cont 'd ) ... which be one million four - hundred sixty thousand -- I think , I mean I be just a dumb bunny , but we be good at multiply -- anyway , accord to you tax form ... ( present the form ) ... you report let I see here : zero . unfortunately , lie on a federal form be a punishable offense . five year jail time . nick well , it 's my word against yours . hopp click a button on she carrot pen , which speak ! nick ( on carrot pen recorder ) ( cont 'd ) " 200 buck a day , fluff . 365 day a year , since I be 12 . " hopp actually , it 's you word against yours . and if you want this pen , you be go to help I find this poor miss otter or the only place you will be sell popsicle be the prison cafeteria . ( dramatic smirk ) it 's call a hustle , sweetheart . Nick be utterly speechless . finnick she hustle you . ( rude laugh ) she hustle you good ! you be a cop now Nick , you be gonna need one of this ! have fun work with the fuzz ! thwap ! finnick slap he junior officer sticker on Nick . hopp start talk . nick I do not know where he be . I only see where he go . hopp great , let 's go . 42 . nick it 's not exactly a place for a cute little bunny . hopp do not call I cute . ( forceful ) get in the car . nick okay . you be the boss . int . the mystic spring oasis - later the mystic spring Oasis be new agey , full of incense , etc . a meditate hippie yak sit with fly buzzing around he head , match the tone of he ohm . hopp enter with Nick and they approach the yak ( still with he eye close ) . yax the hippie yak oooooooooohmmmmmmmm . oooooooooooohmmmmmm . hopp hi , hello . the yak continue he incessant chant . hopp ( cont 'd ) um , hello ? hello ? hello ?! the yak finally shake out of he trance and notice hopp . hopp ( cont 'd ) hello ! my name be -- yax the hippie yak ooo , you know , I be gonna hit the pause button right there , `cause we be all good on Bunny scout cookie . hopp uh , no ... I be Officer hopp , zpd . I be look for a miss mammal , emmitt otterton . right here -- ( show photo ) -- who may have frequent this establishment . the yak look at hopp ' picture . his eye go wide , as if he 's about to say something really important , and then : 43. yax the hippie yak ah -choo ! ( fly go everywhere ) yeah , ol ' emmitt ! have not see he in a couple week . but hey , you should talk to he yoga instructor , I would be happy to take you back . hopp oh , thank you so much , I would appreciate that more than you can imagine . it would be such a big -- ( scream ) you be naked ! the yak come around the counter and he be naked . yax the hippie yak huh ? oh for sure , we be a naturalist club . nick yeah , in Zootopia anyone can be anything . this guy ... they be naked . Nick grin , hopp be not pleased . yax the hippie yak nangi 's just on the other side of the pleasure pool . the yak open the door to a pool area , with ton of naked animal sun themselves , play in the pool , etc . hopp ' eye nearly pop out of she head . Nick lean in . nick do this make you uncomfortable ? because , if so , there 's no shame in call it quit . hopp yes there be . nick Boy , that 's the spirit . ext . naturalist club - courtyard - moment later Nick revel in hopp ' discomfort over the nude animal everywhere . lot of nude animal . yax lead they , oblivious . 44 . yax the hippie yak yeah , some mammal say the naturalist life be weird , but you know what I say be weird ? clothes on animal ! here we go . nangi 's engage in a string of fairly evocative yoga pose . yax the hippie yak ( cont 'd ) as you can see , nangi 's a elephant , so she will totally remember everything . hey nangi , this dude have some question about emmitt the otter . nangi who ? yax uh , emmitt otterton ? be come to you yoga class for like 6 year ? nangi I have no memory of this beaver . judy he 's a otter actually . yax he be here a couple wednesday ago . ` member ? nangi nope . yax yeah , he be wear a green cable - knit sweater vest , and new pair of corduroy slack . oh , and a paisley tie . sweet Windsor knot . Real tight . remember that nangi ? nangi no . nangi do not want to be bother . and she 's useless . yax be a gold mine , though ! hopp write down everything he say . yax yeah , and we both walk he out and he get into this big ol ' white car with a silver trim ? need a tune up . the third cylinder be not fire . ` member that , nangi ? 45 . nangi nope . hopp you do not happen to catch the license plate number , do you ? yax oh , for sure . it be 29thd03 . hopp 0 , 3 ... wow , this be a lot of great info , thank you . yax told ya nangi have a mind like a steel trap . I wish I have a memory like a elephant . ext . sahara square - moment later Nick and hopp emerge . nick well , I have a ball . you be welcome for the clue . and see as how any moron can run a plate , I will take that pen and bid you adieu . as Nick reach to take it , hopp realize something and leave he hang . hopp the plate ... I can not run a plate ... ( frustrated grunt ) I be not in the system yet . nick give I the pen please . hopp get a idea ... hopp ( still withhold pen ) what be it you say ? " any moron can run a plate ? " gosh ... if only there be a moron around who be up to the task ... nick rabbit , I do what you ask , you can not keep I on the hook forever . 46 . hopp not forever . why , I only have 36 hour leave to solve this case . so can you run the plate or not ? nick actually , I just remember I have a pal at the dmv ... ext . dmv - later they arrive at the dmv , the " Department of mammal vehicle . " nick flash be the fastest guy in there , you need something do , he 's on it . hopp I hope so , we be really fight the clock and every minute count . ( suddenly stop , alarmed ) wait . they be all sloth ?! unfortunately , every mammal work there be a ... sloth . insert : sloth employees take extraordinary amount of time to do the simple of task -- stapling , stamp , etc . hopp ( cont 'd ) you say this be go to be quick ! nick ( faux innocence ) what ? be you say that because he 's a sloth , he can not be fast ? I think in Zootopia anyone could be anything . Nick smile . hopp do not . they head to flash 's station . nick ( cont 'd ) flash , flash , hundred yard dash ! buddy , it 's nice to see ya . flash do not respond . beat . flash Nice to ... ( beat ) ( beat ) see you ... ( beat ) ( beat ) too . 47 . hopp look like she 's go to die . nick hey flash , I would love ya to meet my friend -- uh , darlin ' I have forget you name . hopp ( fake smile , to Nick ) Officer Judy hopp , zpd . ( show badge ) how be ya ? flash do not respond ... then ... flash I be ... do ... just ... hopp Fine ? flash ... as well ... as ... I can ... be . what ... nick ( to a impatient hopp ) hang in there . flash ...can I ... do ... hopp well , I be hope you could run a plate -- flash for you ... hopp well , I be hope you could -- flash ...today . hopp pause -- cautiously optimistic that he 's finish . hopp well , I be hope you could run a plate for we . we be in a really big hurry . beat . beat . 48 . flash sure . what 's the ... plate ... hopp 2 , 9 , T -- flash ... number ? hopp take a breath . hopp 29thd03. flash ( several beat ) 2 ... 9 ... hopp thd03 . flash T. hopp hd03 . flash H. hopp d03. flash D. hopp mmhmm. 0 , 3. flash 0. hopp 3 ! flash be just about to say three , but ... nick hey flash , wanna hear a joke ? hopp no ! 49 . flash sure . nick what do you call a three humped camel ? flash I do not ... know ... ( beat ) what ... do ... you call ... a ... hopp Three humped camel . flash Three humped ... camel ? nick pregnant . Nick laugh at he own joke . flash do not react , then finally raise he head with a smile and .... flash ha ... ha ... ha ... ha ... hopp ha , ha , yes very funny , very funny , can we please just focus on the task -- flash slowly reach over to the sloth next to he . flash hey ... Priscilla ... hopp oh no ! priscilla yes ... flash ? flash what ... do ... hopp no ! flash you call ... a ... 50 . hopp a three humped camel ? pregnant ! okay , great , we get it , please just - - flash Three ... humped ... hopp aggggggghhhhhhh -- int . dmv - later a slow dot-matrix printer spit out the address for car license plate number : 29thd03. flash here ... hopp yeah , yeah , yeah ... thank you ! flash you ... go . hopp ( frantically read ) 29thd03 -- it 's register to ... tundratown limo service ? a limo take otterton , and the limo 's in tundratown -- it 's in tundratown ! nick Way to hustle , bud . I love ya . I owe ya . hopp hurry , we gotta beat the rush hour and -- ext . dmv - continuous they go outside . it 's night . hopp it's night ?! ext . snowy lot - moment later Nick and hopp reach legitimate enterprise car service . hopp try to open the lock . 51 . hopp close . great . nick mm. and I will betcha you do not have a warrant to get in . hm ? darn it . it 's a bummer . there 's a big gated parking lot which be chain shut ... but they can see a few limo parking inside , cover in snow . hopp you waste the day on purpose . nick madam , I have a fake badge . I would never impede you pretend investigation . hopp it 's not a pretend investigation ! look , see -- ( show picture of otterton ) see he ? this otter be miss . nick well then they should have get a real cop to find he . hopp what be you problem ? do see I fail somehow make you feel better about you own sad , miserable life ? Nick consider this for a moment . nick it do . one hundred percent . ( then ) now ... since you be san warrant , I guess we be do ? hopp consider this and sigh , defeat . hopp Fine . we be do . here 's you pen . hopp then casually throw it over the fence behind she . nick hey ! ( stare at the pen ) ( more ) 52 . nick ( cont 'd ) first off , you throw like a bunny , second , you be a very sore loser . ( start to climb ) see ya later , Officer fluff , so sad this be over , I wish I could have help more . Nick jump down onto the other side , but just as he reach for the pen , hopp be suddenly right there and snatch it . hopp the thing be , you do not need a warrant if you have probable cause , and I be pretty sure I see a shifty low - life climb the fence , so you be help plenty . come on . hopp cheerfully head off . Nick watch she , not quite smile , but he 's start to respect he opponent . ext . parking lot - moment later hopp wipe snow off a back bumper : license plate 29thd03. hopp 29thd03 ... this be it . int . refrigousine - moment later they open the big door , which look like it belong on a refrigerator . as they snoop around , hopp use tweezers to pick up a clump of fur . hopp polar bear fur . nick ( open glove box ) oh my GOD ! hopp what ? what ?! hopp look up , only to see Nick hold some jerry vole CD . nick the velvety pipe of Jerry vole ! but on CD ? who still use CD ? as hopp roll she eye and go back to collect clue , Nick lower the back partition and he eye go wide . 53. nick ( cont 'd ) carrot ...? if you otter be here ... he have a very bad day . hopp ' flashlight reveal claw mark cover the back seat . hopp that be ... claw mark . you ever see anything like this ? nick no . through the fog on the floor hopp spot a wallet . hopp oh , wait . look . they slink back into the back seat . hopp open up the wallet to find a driver license for Mr. otterton . hopp ( cont 'd ) this be he . emmitt otterton . he be definitely here . what do you think happen ? Nick spot a cocktail glass ... it 's etched with a " B . " nick well , now wait a minute ... ( then , suspicious ) polar bear fur ... Rat pack music ... fancy cup ... ( suddenly terrify ) I know whose car this be . we gotta go ! hopp why ? whose car be it ? Nick try to put everything back the way he find it . nick the most fear crime boss in tundratown . they call he Mr. Big and he do not like I , so we gotta go ! hopp I be not leave , this be a crime scene . 54 . nick well , it 's gonna be a even bigger crime scene if Mr. Big find I here , so we be leave right now ! Nick usher hopp to the door , but open it to find two big polar bear . nick ( cont 'd ) ( faux excitement ) Raymond ! and , be that Kevin ?! Long time no see . and speak of no see , how about you forget you see I ? huh ? for old time 's sake ? the polar bear grab Nick and hopp by they throat ... nick ( cont 'd ) that 's a no . ... and yank they off screen . int . polar bear car - moment later vroom ! a car whizze by . Inside , Nick and hopp sit nervously in the back seat , sandwich between the polar bear -- one of whom casually scroll through Zoogle photo on he phone . hopp what do you do that make Mr. Big so mad at you ? nick ( sotto ) I uh , I may have sell he a very expensive wool rug ... that be make from the fur of a ... skunk 's butt . hopp ( piss at Nick ) oh , sweet cheese and cracker . pull out to reveal the car pass through the security gate of a residential compound . a polar bear guard let they in . int . mr. big' residence - moment later Nick and hopp be shove into a room that 's right out of the godfather . a polar bear enter ... 55 . hopp ( sotto ) be that Mr. Big ? nick ( sotto ) no . now a even bigger polar bear enter ... hopp what about he ? be that he ? nick ( sotto , frustrated ) no . ... and then another . the biggest polar bear yet ... hopp that 's gotta be he . nick stop talk stop talk stop talk -- the huge polar bear growl at Nick , then reveal a tiny chair upon which sit ... a teeny , tiny arctic shrew ... this be mr. big . he sound like marlon brando sped up to 78 rpm . nick ( cont 'd ) Mr. Big , sir , this be a simple misunder - Mr. Big hold out a tiny finger for nick to kiss he ring . Nick painstakingly do so . nick ( cont 'd ) this be a simple misunderstanding . Mr. Big motion for Nick to shut up . mr. big you come here unannounced ... on the day my daughter be to be marry ? nick well actually we be bring here against we will , so ... ( Mr. Big be not impressed ) Point be , I do not know it be you car , and I certainly do not know about you daughter 's wedding . 56 . mr. big I trust you , nicky ... I welcome you into my home ... we break bread together ... Gram - mama make you she cannoli . and how do you repay my generosity ? with a rug ... make from the butt of a skunk . a skunk butt rug . you disrespect I . you disrespect my gram - mama who I bury in that skunk butt rug . I tell you never to show you face here again , but here you be , snooping around with this ... ( re. hopp ) what be you , a performer ? what 's with the costume ? hopp Sir , I be a c-- nick mime ! she be a mime . this mime , can not speak . you can not speak if you be a mime . hopp no . I be a cop . and I be on the emmitt otterton case , and my evidence put he in you car , so intimidate I all you want , I be go to find out what you do to that otter if it 's the last thing I do . Mr. Big consider this and make that little grunt . mr. big then I have only one request : say hello to gram-mama . Ice `em ! the polar bear snatch Nick and hopp . nick whoa -- I do not see nothing -- I be not say nothing -- mr. big and you never will -- the polar bear open a hide door on the floor , revealing a icy pool beneath . 57 . nick please ! no no no ! if you be mad at I about the rug I have get more rug ! Nick and hopp be about to be dumped in , when -- fru fru shrew oh , daddy , it 's time for we dance . ( see they try to kill Nick ) what do we say ? no icing anyone at my wedding ! mr. big I have to , baby . daddy have to . ( to thug ) Ice `em . Nick and hopp scream and -- fru fru shrew wait . wait ! she 's the bunny that save my life yesterday . from that giant donut . mr. big this bunny ? fru fru shrew yeah . hi! hopp hi. ( warm , whisper ) I love you dress . fru fru shrew aw , thank you . Mr. Big motion for the polar bear to put hopp down . mr. big put `em down . ( then , to hopp ) you have do I a great service . I will help you find the otter . I will take you kindness ... and pay it forward . hopp and Mr. Big kiss on the cheek . Nick stare at they ... what be happen ? 58 . int . wedding reception - a little later a lavish celebration full of arctic animal dance . we find Nick and hopp at the head table , next to Mr. Big . they all eat tiny piece of wedding cake . mr. big otterton be my florist . he 's like a part of the family . he have something important he want to discuss . that 's why I send that car to pick he up . but he never arrive . hopp because he be attack . mr. big no ... he attack . hopp otterton ? mr. big otterton . he go crazy . ripped up the car , scared my driver half to death and disappear into the night . hopp he 's a sweet little otter . mr. big my child , we may be evolve ... but deep down we be still animal . Nick and hopp trade a worried glance . over the following we cross -dissolve to nick and hopp walking in the rainforest : mr. big ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you want to find otterton ... talk to the driver of the car . his name 's manchas , life in the rainforest District . only he can tell you more . ext . " rainforest district " - later that night Nick and hopp make they way across a mossy rope bridge high above the forest floor . it lead to a moss - cover apartment . 59 . ext . " the canopy " - moment later at the door of the driver' apartment , they ring the bell . hopp Mr. manchas ? Judy hopp , zpd . we just want to know what happen to emmitt otterton . beat . the door creak open . manchas ( muffled inside ) you should be ask ... what happen to I . the door open to the chain , revealing ... manchas be ... a huge jaguar -- but he 's be badly beat up . he have a black eye , and a scratch . Nick and hopp be take aback . nick whoa . a teensy otter ... do that ? hopp what ... happen ? off manchas 's look , we CUT to : a flashback -- manchas be drive when he 's attack from the back seat . manchas ( through door gap ) he be a animal ... down on all four ... he be a savage . the car spin out . emmitt growl at manchas then run off . back to : the canopy -- manchas ( haunt ) there be no warning , he just keep yell about the " night howler . " over and over , " the night howler ... " Nick and hopp share a subtle look -- they have no idea what " night howler " be . 60 . nick oh . so you know about the night howler too ? good , good , good . because the night howler be exactly what we be here to talk about . ( to Judy ) right ? hopp yep . so , uh , you just open the door and tell we what you know and we will tell you what we know . okay ? manchas ( consider ) okay . manchas close the door and start to unlock a series of deadbolt . Judy give Nick a impressed look . hopp clever fox . there 's a commotion inside , follow by a scream . hopp ( cont 'd ) Mr. manchas ? the door creak open just a inch . Nick and hopp seem startle ... hopp slowly push the door open , revealing manchas in the center of the room , hunch over and grunt . nick buddy ? hopp be you ... okay ? hopp look at manchas . raaagh !!! manchas turn , right at they . his eye be dilate , he 's turn savage ! he 's poise to pounce on Nick and hopp . hopp ( cont 'd ) run. run ! the jaguar tear after they , he 's derange , primal . Nick and hopp run ! the jaguar be close in . nick what be wrong with he ?! 61 . hopp I do not know !! Nick and hopp run across the bridge . manchas close in . hopp ( cont 'd ) jump ! they jump off the bridge to a lower branch . they duck into a hollow log and manchas follow they . hopp ( cont 'd ) ( to Nick ) head down ! hopp frantically pick up she police radio . hopp ( cont 'd ) Officer hopp to dispatch ! int . police station - dispatch - same we find clawhauser show a handcuff perp a video on he phone of pop star gazelle sing and dance . a red light blink on the desk phone , but clawhauser ignore it . clawhauser be you familiar with gazelle ? greatest singer of we lifetime -- angel with horn -- okay , hold on , keep watch . who 's that beside she ? who be it ? reveal : clawhauser be dance on stage with gazelle . gazelle ( on phone ) wow , you be one hot dancer ... ( digitize robo-voice ) ... benjamin clawhauser . clawhauser ( joyous laughter ) it 's I ! do you think it be real ? it look so real ! it 's not . it 's just a new app . ( finally notice ringing phone ) hold on a second -- clawhauser click the speaker button and -- hopp ( v.o. ) clawhauser ! Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 62. ext . the canopy - same raagh ! manchas take a swipe at Nick . hopp clawhauser , listen to I ! we have a 10- 91 ! jaguar go savage ! vine and tu-junja ! nick it 's tujunga ! as they emerge from the log , hopp slip , drop she radio . clawhauser ( on radio ) okay , we be send back up ! hopp ? hopp ?! Nick and hopp run , slide around a corner . ahead be a gondola station . hopp there ! head to the skytram ! they run to the gondolas . hopp dart out of manchas ' way , but slip and be head off the platform when she manage to grab on -- dangle from the edge . Nick search for she ... nick get in ! carrot ? carrot ! he try to hold on to the gondola for hopp , who be struggle to pull herself back onto the platform . hopp go ! as the gondola pull away , Nick try to stop it to no avail . nick no , no , no ! Nick back up ... the jaguar stalk he . nick ( cont 'd ) buddy , one predator to another -- * the jaguar charge , but before it get Nick - - clank ! it 's * yank back in place . we see a handcuff on its back paw , attach to a metal post . hopp cuffed he ! 63. nick ( cont 'd ) now , I can tell you be a little tense , so I be just gonna give you a little personal space -- the jaguar thrashes , knock Nick and hopp over the edge . hopp barely grab a vine , but struggle to hold Nick in the other hand . as manchas growl at they from above , Nick look at the abyss below . hopp look around , she mind racing . nick ( cont 'd ) rabbit , whatever you do , do not let go ! hopp I be gonna let go ! nick no , you what ? no , I say -- listen -- noooo ! hopp one , two -- hopp let go , swinging they over to a netting of vine , kind of on top of each other . they can not believe they be alive . they look at each other , stunne , relieved ... nick carrot . you save my life . hopp well . that 's what we do at the zp ... ( the branch snap ) deeeeeeeeeeeee ..... Nick and hopp plummet . they be about to hit the ground , but a vine attach to they leg stop they right before impact . woo ! a convoy of police arrive , screeching in front of they . out step ... bogo . hopp smile , the cavalry have arrive . bogo well , this should be good . moment later -- hopp lead the cop up to the canopy , full of confidence . hopp I think this be just a miss mammal case , but it 's way bigger . ( more ) 64 . hopp ( cont 'd ) Mr. otterton do not just disappear . I believe he and this jaguar , they ... go savage , sir. bogo ( scoffing ) Savage ? this be not the Stone Age , hopp . animal do not go savage . hopp I think so too , `til I see this : hopp pull back some leave to reveal : the jaguar be go . there be no sign of he ... or he handcuffs . it 's like it never happen . hopp ' eye go wide . hopp ( cont 'd ) what ? he be right here ... bogo ( not buy it ) the " savage " jaguar . hopp Sir , I know what I see -- he almost kill we . bogo or maybe any aggressive predator look savage to you rabbit . ( call out , to cop ) let 's go . hopp wait -- Sir , I be not the only one who see he ! ( to Nick ) Nick ! hopp turn to Nick , but before he can explain : bogo ( incredulous ) you think I be go to believe a fox ? hopp well he be a key witness and I enlist -- bogo ( the last straw ) two day to find the otter ... ( more ) 65 . bogo ( cont 'd ) or you quit ... that be the deal . badge . bogo extend he arm , wait for hopp to hand it over . hopp but , Sir , we ... bogo badge . hopp look at bogo , then look at she badge , she 's about to reach for it , when ... nick ( o.s. ) uh , no . bogo stop , and glare at Nick . bogo what do you say , fox ? nick sorry , what I say be , " no . " she will not be give you that badge . look , you give she a clown vest and a three - wheel joke- mobile and two day to solve a case you guy have not crack in two week ? yeah , no wonder she need to get help from a fox , none of you guy be gonna help she , be you ? hopp look at Nick , stunne he 's stick up for she . nick ( cont 'd ) here 's the thing Chief , you give she the 48 hour , so technically we still have 10 leave to find we Mr. otterton ... and that 's exactly what we be gonna do , so if you will excuse we ... we have a very big lead to follow and a case to crack . good day . Nick guide hopp to a passing gondola , motion she in . nick ( cont 'd ) Officer hopp ? the gondola pull away , leave bogo and the rest of the police watch , flabbergasted . 66 . int . / ext . gondola - continuous hopp and Nick both stare straight ahead . hopp thank you . nick never let `em see that they get to you . hopp look at Nick , a little surprised . Nick look out . hopp so , thing do get to you ... nick no ... I mean , not anymore . but I be small and emotionally unbalance like you once . hopp har-har . nick ( retreate into the memory ) no , it 's true . I think be 8 , or maybe 9 , and all I want to do be join the junior Ranger scout . dissolve to : int . young nick's bedroom - dusk ( flashback ) young nick , tiny and cherubic , look in the mirror . we see mother 's paw tie the scout kerchief around he neck . nick ( v.o. ) ...so , my mom scrape together enough money to buy I a brand new uniform because , by God , I be gonna fit in . ext . scout build - night ( flashback ) Young Nick bound down the sidewalk and up the stair . nick ( v.o. ) even if I be the only predator in the troop -- 67 . int . scout meeting - moment later ( flashback ) Young Nick enter a church basement , spot a group of prey kide , all in scout uniform . they wave he over . nick ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the only fox . mean kid animal ( o.s. ) okay , Nick ! nick ( v.o. ) I be gonna be part of a pack . mean kid animal ready for initiation ? young nick yeah ! pretty much bear ready . they high five Nick . it look promise and fun . nick ( v.o. ) I be so proud . suddenly , a big kid turn off the light . other kide switch on flashlight , shine they on Nick like gestapo spotlight . mean kid animal okay . now raise you right hand and deliver the oath . young nick I , Nicholas wilde , promise to be brave , loyal , helpful , and trustworthy . mean kid animal even though you be a fox ? young nick what ? then , a bunch of kid animal tackle Nick . soon , all of the animal pile on , kick and shove he . young nick ( cont 'd ) no ! what do I do wrong , you guy ?! no ! please tell I , what do I do wrong ?! with Nick pin , the primary mean kid straddle he . someone hand he a muzzle . the mean kid snap it on Nick 's snout . 68 . young nick ( cont 'd ) ( muzzle ) what do I do ?! mean kid animal if you think we would ever trust a fox without a muzzle , you be even dumber than you look . Nick break free from the kid . scramble away from they in fright . as they laugh , he race out the door . mean kid animal ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) aw , be he gonna cry ? once out sight , Nick panic as he struggle to remove the muzzle . it will not come off . finally -- painfully -- he pull it off and throw it to the ground . he collapse , weep . the gondola -- nick I learn two thing that day . one , I be never gonna let anyone see that they get to I . hopp look at Nick , who avoid eye contact . hopp ... and two ? nick if the world 's only gonna see a fox as shifty and untrustworthy , there 's no point in try to be anything else . hopp Nick , you be so much more than that ... hopp touch Nick 's arm as the gondola pierce the cloud . the city at dawn come into view . it 's get too real for Nick . he abruptly change the subject . nick Boy , look at that traffic down there . ( put on radio voice ) how about we go out to Chuck in traffic Central -- Chuck , how be thing look on the jam cam ? 69 . hopp Nick , I be glad you tell I ... nick ( lightbulb moment ! ) the jam cam ...! hopp seriously , it 's okay ... nick no -n-shh -shush ! there be traffic camera everywhere . all over the canopy . whatever happen to that jaguar -- hopp the traffic cam would have catch it ! nick bingo ! hopp give he a chuck on the arm , impressed . hopp pretty sneaky , slick . nick however . if you do not have access to the system before , I doubt Chief buffalo butt be gonna let you into it now . hopp ( beat , then ) no ... but I have a friend at City Hall who might . int . CITY hall - later that morning we find bellwether try to balance a stack of binder while struggle to keep pace with Mayor lionheart , who be walk quickly in front of she . bellwether Sir ? if we could just review this very important -- ( almost drop binder ) Sir ? she almost step on a little mouse lady . 70 . bellwether ( cont 'd ) ooo , I be so sorry ... sir ?! lionheart okay . I hear you , bellwether . just take care of it ! ( set another binder atop she stack ) please . and clear my afternoon , I be go out . bellwether no , no ! but , sir , you do have a meeting with herd and grazing ... sir , if I could just -- he continue through a door . bellwether try to follow , but the door shut on she , spilling the binder to the floor . bellwether ( cont 'd ) oh , mutton chop . as bellwether pick up she mess , hopp and Nick appear . hopp Assistant Mayor bellwether ? we need you help . int . bellwether' office - later we're in bellwether 's cramped little office . Nick and hopp hover over she while she sit at she computer . hopp we just need to get into the traffic cam database . Nick subtly touch bellwether 's wool puff . nick ( mouth , to hopp ) so fluffy ! hopp hey ! nick sheep never let I this close . hopp you can not just touch a sheep 's wool ... 71 . nick hopp ( cont 'd ) it 's like cotton candy . stop it ! Judy swat Nick , but accidentally hit bellwether 's puff . bellwether where to ? hopp rainforest District , vine and tujunga . angle on the computer screen . bellwether there ! traffic cam for the whole city . this be so exciting , actually . well , you know , I never get to do anything this important . hopp but you be the Assistant Mayor of Zootopia . bellwether oh , I be more of a glorify secretary . I think Mayor lionheart just want the sheep vote ... ( then , cheerily ) but he do give I that nice mug . she motion to a mug that read World 's greatest dad Assistant Mayor . bellwether ( cont 'd ) feel good to be appreciate . lionheart ( intercom ) smellwether ?! bellwether cringe . bellwether that 's a fun little name he like to use . I call he lionfart once . he do not care for that , let I tell you . it be not a good day for I . ( press intercom button ) yes , sir ? lionheart ( intercom ) I think you be go to cancel my afternoon ?! 72 . bellwether oh , dear . I better go -- ( to hopp , while leave ) let I know what you find . it be really nice for I to be -- lionheart ( intercom ) while we be young , smellwether ! bellwether finally open she big heavy door and leave . nick you think when she go to sleep she count herself ? hopp shush . okay , traffic cam ... ( look at computer ) tujunga , tujunga ... we be in . Nick and hopp watch the footage from the night before . we can see the jaguar go nut . then a black van skid up , and some wolve hop out . hopp ( cont 'd ) who be this guy ? nick timberwolve . look at this dumdum . the wolf suddenly capture the jaguar with a net . Judy gasp , shocked . Nick be unfaze . nick ( cont 'd ) betcha a nickel one of they 's gonna howl . the wolf howl ... nick ( cont 'd ) and there it be . what be it with wolf and the howling ? it 's like -- hopp ( light -bulb moment ) howler ! night howler ! that 's what manchas be afraid of ... wolf ! the wolf be the night howler . if they take manchas ... nick ... I bet they take otterton too . 73. hopp all we gotta do be find out where they go . she click the monitor ... but as the wolf drive off , they disappear through a tunnel and do not come out the other side . hopp ( cont 'd ) wait . where would they go ? nick you know , if I want to avoid surveillance because I be do something illegal -- which I never have -- I would use the maintenance tunnel 6b ... which would put they out ... he click on another camera . nothing ... then ... the wolf emerge in the van . nick ( cont 'd ) ... right there . hopp look at Nick , impressed . hopp well , look at you , junior detective . you know , I think you would actually make a pretty good cop . nick how dare you . hopp go back to click ... we track the wolf through alley and back road . nick ( cont 'd ) acacia alley ... ficus underpass ... South Canyon ... hopp they be head out of town ... where do that road go ? ext . cliffside asylum - golden hour the impose cliffside asylum sit on the edge of a waterfall . Nick and hopp , hide on the side of the road , spy from a hundred yard away . Nick and hopp sneak up to the guard gate , where two wolve be station . 74 . use elaborate hand signal , Nick motion he 's go to sneak past first . he get around the gate , but as he get close ... a wolf sniff the air ... he 's onto he . Nick reach around and grab a piece of wood to use as a weapon . the wolf move toward Nick ... but before he reach he ... ooooooooooo ! a distant howl grab he attention . it 's hopp , cupping she mouth to make the howl sound distant . the wolf hear it and can not help but howl as well . another guard approach . wolf guard Gary , quit it , you be gonna start a howl . gary the wolf guard I do not start it . ( more howling off - screen ) oooooooo ! wolf guard oooooooooo ! more wolf start to howl . Nick look at hopp , impressed . hopp come on ! Nick and hopp use the distraction to jump the fence and sneak into the complex . nick you be a clever bunny . above , they notice a drainage pipe lead into the building . int . cliffside asylum - large room - moment later Nick and hopp emerge from the drain pipe into the creepy asylum . they be in a large , cavernous room , full of old medical equipment . it 's like a combination of a old hospital and a turn -of - the-century zoo . hopp it look like this be a hospital . Judy shine she light down a corridor , at the end of which be a metal door with a blue light shine within . Nick near the door , about to open it ... the tension build and then ... 75 . nick ( turn to hopp ) you know , after you , you be the cop . int . cliffside asylum - medical ward - moment later hopp cautiously push the door open to reveal : a room with modern medical equipment . Nick pop up behind she . nick okay . all clear . hopp roll she eye and cautiously enter and look around . hopp all this equipment be brand new ... nick ( o.s. ) carrot ...? Nick point to the ground , which be scuff with claw mark . hopp claw mark ... nick yeah . huge , huge , claw mark . I mean , what kind of -- raagh ! a savage TIGER emerge behind the glass of a nearby cage , startling Nick and send he run to hopp . hopp swivel she flashlight to reveal : dozen of reflective eye . Nick and hopp make they way down a long corridor of cage , look for the jaguar . hopp Mr. manchas . he 's still feral , on all four and pace in a cell . they continue on , pass three , four , five , cage until finally , in the last cage : a feral otter . it 's emmitt otterton . hopp ( cont 'd ) it 's he . we find we otter . ( to the otter , gently ) Mr. otterton , my name be Officer Judy hopp . you wife send I to find you . we be gonna get you out of here now . otterton screech at she and lunge toward the glass . 76 . nick or not . guess he 's in no rush to get home to the missus . hopp look back down the corridor of cell , count . hopp ...11 , 12 , 13 , 14 . not include manchas it 's 14 ... ( lightbulb ) Chief bogo hand out 14 miss mammal file ... they be all here . all the miss mammal be right here . before she can respond -- click ! a door start to open , Nick and hopp retreat , stick next to a dark cell . lionheart ( o.s. ) enough ! I do not want excuse , Doctor , I want answer . reveal : Mayor lionheart berate the badger doctor by he side . he look serious , intense , tired . badger doctor Mayor lionheart , please , we be do everything we can . hopp whip out she phone , start recording . lionheart really ? cuz I get a dozen and a half animal here who have go off the rail crazy -- and you can not tell I why . now , I would call that awfully far from do everything . badger doctor Sir , it may be time to consider they biology . lionheart what ? what do you mean biology ? badger doctor the only animal go savage be predator . we can not keep it a secret . we need to come forward . 77 . lionheart hmm ... great idea . tell the public . and how do you think they be gonna feel about they mayor , who be a lion ?! I will be ruin ! badger doctor well , what do Chief bogo say ? lionheart Chief bogo do not know . and we be go to keep it that way . beep -beep -beep -- hopp ' parent call in . she frantically try to silence she phone . lionheart ( cont 'd ) someone 's here ! badger doctor Sir , you need to go , now ! ( call out ) Security ! sweep the area ! a alarm sound . the door to the cell hopp and Nick be in triggers shut . they notice wolve approach . nick great ! we be dead . we be dead . that 's it . I be dead . you be dead . everybody 's dead . this give hopp a idea . she look at the huge toilet . hopp can you swim ? nick what ? can I swim ? yes , I can swim . why ? the wolf storm in , search for the intruder ... and see the swirl water of a toilet disappear down the drain . hopp and Nick fly through the water slide like tube of the sewer system , cascade over a waterfall . both scream . they land in the river below . Nick pop up first . he look desperately for Judy . nick ( cont 'd ) carrot ?! hopp ?! Judy ?! she emerge , gasp for breath , hold up the bag phone . 78 . hopp we gotta tell bogo ! int . bogo's office - day close on bogo's phone : gazelle and bogo dance on stage . it 's the same app clawhauser use earlier . gazelle ( on phone ) wow , you be one hot dancer ... ( robo-voice ) ... chief bogo . bogo be dance along when , suddenly , clawhauser burst in . clawhauser Chief bogo ! bogo ( guilty ) not now ! clawhauser wait , be that gazelle ? bogo ( struggle to silence he phone ) no ! gazelle ( on phone ) I be gazelle , and you be one hot dancer . clawhauser you have the app too ?! ( ecstatic ) oh , jeeeeez ! bogo clawhauser , can not you see I be work on the miss mammal case ?! clawhauser oh , yes of course ! about that , sir ... Officer hopp just call ... she find all of `em . bogo 's eye widen . gazelle ( on phone ) wow ! I be impressed . 79 . ext . asylum - day cop car and helicopter surround the asylum . hopp , flanke by bogo and other cop , lead lionheart out of the building . hopp Mayor lionheart , you have the right to remain silent . anything -- lionheart you do not understand . I be try to protect the city . hopp you be just try to protect you job . lionheart no. listen , we still do not know why this be happen . it could destroy Zootopia . hopp you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be use against you in a court of law ... Nick hang back , proudly flash he junior detective badge . int . zpd - lobby bogo address the press . behind he , poster of the Savage animal -- each one muzile . bogo lady and gentlemammals ... 14 mammal go miss and all 14 have be find by we newest recruit , who will speak to you in a moment . but first , let I remind you -- bogo 's voice trail off in the background as Nick and hopp watch from the side . hopp bite she nail , nervous . hopp rrrgh . I be so nervous ... nick okay , press conference 101 : you wanna look smart ? ( more ) 80 . nick ( cont 'd ) answer they question with you own question and then answer that question . like this , " Excuse I . Officer hopp , what can you tell we about the case ? " ( pretend to be hopp ) " well , be this a tough case ? yes . yes it be . " you see ? hopp you should be there with I . we do this together . nick well , be I a cop ? no . no , I be not . hopp funny you should say that , because I have be think ... it would be nice to have a partner . she hand Nick a application . then -- click -- she hold out the carrot pen to he . hopp ( cont 'd ) here . in case you need something to write with . bogo ( o.s. ) at twenty - two hundred hour , we find all this miss animal ... bellwether gesture to Judy to come up . bellwether Officer hopp , it 's time . as hopp go , Nick smile . he 's touch ... bogo so now , I will turn thing over to the officer who crack the case . Officer Judy hopp . hopp take a deep breath and step up to the dais . PRESS Officer hopp ! / over here ! / here ! hopp ( point to a reporter ) yes ? 81 . reporter what can you tell we about the animal that go savage ? hopp well , the animal in question ... ( glance at Nick ) be they all different species ? yes . yes they be . Nick smile , give a thumb up . reporter 2 okay , so what be the connection ? hopp well , all we know be that they be all member of the predator family . another reporter so , predator be the only one go savage ? hopp that be accu -- yes , that be accurate . yes ... reporter 3 wow . why be that happen ? hopp we still do not know -- more disappointed rumbling . hopp ( cont 'd ) ( try to appease ) ah , it may have something to do with biology . on Nick - - huh ? the press react , too ... big time . reporter ( o.s. ) what do you mean by that ? hopp a biological component . you know , something in they DNA ... reporter 4 ( more aggressive ) in they DNA ? can you elaborate on that , please ? 82. hopp yes . what I mean be , thousand of year ago ... um ... predator survive through they aggressive hunt instinct . for whatever reason , they seem to be reverting back to they primitive , savage way . Nick do not like what he 's hearing . reporter ( o.s. ) of course they do . Nick look at the poster of the muzzle animal and shake he head , disbely . flash back to he memory of be muzzle as a child . mean kid animal ( v.o. ) ( during flashback ) aw , be he gonna cry . reporter ( o.s. ) ( on Nick , as flashback end ) Officer hopp , could it happen again ? hopp it be possible . so we must be vigilant . and we at the zpd be prepare and be here to protect you ... this send the Press into a absolute frenzy . PRESS will more mammal go savage ? / what be be do to protect we ? / have you consider a mandatory quarantine on predator ? bellwether step in , eager to put a end to the question . bellwether okay , thank you Officer hopp , uh , that 's all the time that we have . no more question ... bellwether usher hopp off stage . hopp be I okay ? 83. bellwether oh , you do fine . hopp walk across the lobby to Nick , completely unaware that she just start a controversy . hopp ( excited ) that go so fast ! I do not get a chance to mention you or say anything about how we -- nick ( upset ) oh , I think you say plenty . hopp what do you mean ? nick ( sarcastic , hard ) clearly , there 's a biological component ? this predator may be reverting back to they primitive , savage way . be you serious ? hopp I just state the fact of the case . I mean , it 's not like a bunny could go savage ... nick right . but a fox could ? huh ? hopp Nick , stop it . you be not like they . nick oh , there 's a they now ? hopp you know what I mean . you be not that kind of predator . nick the kind that need to be muzzle ? the kind that make you think you need to carry around Fox repellent ? hopp sigh guiltily . 84 . nick ( cont 'd ) yeah , do not think I do not notice that little item the first time we meet . ( escalate anger ) so let I ask you a question . be you afraid of I ? ( hopp look heartbroken ) do you think I might go nut ? do you think I might go savage ? do you think I might try to ... eat you ?! he lunge , like he 's go to bite she . she flinch and unthinkingly put she hand on the repellent . nick ( cont 'd ) ( calm , hurt ) ... I know it . just when I think somebody actually believe in I ... he shove the application at she . nick ( cont 'd ) probably best if you do not have a predator as a partner . as he walk away , he take off the sticker badge , crumple it and toss it away . hopp no. Nick . Nick ! reporter 5 Officer hopp ! be you just threaten by that predator ? hopp no . he 's my friend . reporter 6 we can not even trust we own friend ? hopp that be not what I say ! please ! reporter be we safe ? / have any other fox go savage ? but no one will listen . not anymore . 85 . int . news studio - day two anchors sit in front of a graphic : tundratown tragedy . female bobcat news anchor more bad news in this city grip by fear . News footage show a caribou be load into a ambulance . another shot show a polar bear in a muzzle . female bobcat news anchor ( cont 'd ) a caribou be in critical condition , the victim of a maul by a savage polar bear . this -- the 27th such attack -- come just one week after zpd Officer Judy hopp connect the violence to traditionally predatory animal . male moose news anchor meanwhile , a peace rally organize by pop star , gazelle , be marre by protest . the news story cut to footage of the protest : hopp be catch in the middle of the protester , try to separate they . pig go back to the forest , predator ! leopard I be from the savannah ! gazelle give a sound bite to a news reporter . gazelle Zootopia be a unique place . it 's a crazy , beautiful , diverse city where we celebrate we difference . ( gesture to protester in background ) this be not the Zootopia I know . gazelle 's interview play as vo over a series of shot : on a subway : hopp watch a mother rabbit bring she child close as a lion get on the train . gazelle ( v.o. ) the Zootopia I know be better than this . ( more ) 86 . gazelle ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we do not just blindly assign blame . we do not know why this attack keep happen ... in the hospital : Mrs. otterton watch she husband flail like a madman in a padded room . Judy approach she . gazelle ( v.o. ) ... but it be irresponsible to label all predator as savage . mrs . otterton that 's not my emmitt . on hopp -- a look of exhaustion and distress . back on gazzelle 's interview -- gazelle we can not let fear divide we . please -- give I back the Zootopia I love ... int . zpd office - day the broadcast play from hopp ' desk computer . as she watch , bogo walk up behind she . bogo come on hopp . the new Mayor want to see we . hopp the Mayor ? why ? bogo it would seem you have arrive . int . zpd lobby - day clawhauser sigh and close he laptop . he load it into a box of he desk item . hopp enter . hopp clawhauser ? what be you do ? clawhauser um , they think it would be better if a predator such as myself be not the first face you that you see when you walk into the zpd . 87 . hopp what ? clawhauser they be gonna move I to record . it 's downstairs . by the boiler . hopp ' face fall . bogo wait for she in the background . bogo hopp ! off hopp ' heartbroken look , we match CUT to : close on : a photo of a smiling hopp . wider to reveal : the photo be on a pamphlet that read , zpd : integrity . honesty . bravery . int . bellwether' office - day hopp look at the pamphlet . bellwether sit across from she at she desk . hopp um ... I do not understand . bellwether we city be 90 % prey , Judy . and right now they be just really scared . you be a hero to they . they trust you . and so that 's why Chief bogo and I want you to be the public face of the zpd . bogo sit next to hopp . she look at the pamphlet again . hopp ( struggle to find word ) I be not ... I be not a hero . I come here to make the world a better place , but I think I break it . bogo do not give yourself so much credit , hopp . the world have always be break . that 's why we need good cop -- like you . 88. hopp with all due respect , sir , a good cop be suppose to serve and protect -- help the city . not tear it apart . ( deep sigh ) I do not deserve this badge . she remove she badge ... bogo hopp . bellwether Judy , you have work so hard to get here . it 's what you have want since you be a kid . you can not quit ... hopp thank you for the opportunity . hopp set she badge on the desk and walk out . bellwether and bogo look at one another in shock and concern . fade out . ext . hopp ' farm vegetable stand - day hopp , with a thousand yard stare , work the carrot stand . she wrap some carrot in a newspaper -- headline : growing unrest divide CITY -- and hand they to a rabbit family . hopp a dozen carrot . rabbit mom thanks ! hopp have a nice day . rabbit mom ( to daughter ) come on . hopp read the paper as stu and bonnie approach , concerned . stu hopp hey there , Jude -- Jude the dude , remember that one ? how we doin ? hopp . I be fine . 89 . bonnie hopp you be not fine . you ear be droopy . hopp remain fix on the newspaper and let out a sigh . hopp why do I think I could make a difference ? stu hopp because you be a trier , that 's why . bonnie hopp you have always be a trier . hopp oh , I try . and it make life so much worse for so many innocent predator . off-screen , beep -beep . stu hopp oh , not all of they , though . speak of the devil . right on time . a truck pull up . its sign read : gideon grey' good bake STUFF ... with Fresh produce from hopp family Farms . hopp be that ... gideon grey ? stu hopp yep . it sure be . we work with he now . bonnie hopp he 's we partner . and we never would have consider it have you not open we mind . stu hopp that 's right . I mean , gid 's turn into one of the top pastry chef in the tri-burrow . hopp that 's really cool , you guy . gideon grey , now paunchy , climb out he truck . hopp ( cont 'd ) gideon grey . I will be darn . 90 . adult gideon grey hey Judy -- I would like to say I be sorry for the way I behave in my youth . I have a lotta self - doubt that manifest itself in the form of uncheck rage and aggression . I be a major jerk . hopp well , I know a thing or two about be a jerk ... adult gideon grey anyhow -- I bring you all this pie . he hold out some pie . kid bunnie come tear across the field , bee-line for the pie . stu shout at the kid . stu hopp hey kid ! do not you run through that midnicampum holicithia ! rabbit kid ( hold back the other ) whoa , whoa , whoa ! adult gideon grey now there 's a 4 - dollar word , Mr. H. my family always just call they night howler . wait . what ? hopp I be sorry , what do you say ? stu gesture to the flower grow on the edge of the crop . stu hopp oh , gid 's talk about that flower , Judy . I use `em to keep bug off the produce . but I do not like the little one go near `em on account of what happen to you uncle Terry . bonnie hopp yeah , Terry eat one whole when we be kid and go completely nut . stu hopp he bit the dicken out of you mother . 91 . hopp ( a dawn realization ) a bunny can go savage ... we stay on hopp as she piece it together . bonnie hopp Savage ? well , that 's a strong word . but it do hurt like the devil . stu hopp well sure it do . there 's a sizable divot in you arm . I would call that savage . hopp ( as if do a equation ) night howler be not wolf . they be flower . the flower be make the predator go savage . that 's it ! that 's what I have be miss ! hopp race away , then turn back . hopp ( cont 'd ) oh , key ! key ! key ! key ! hurry ! come on ! thank you , I love you bye ! stu toss she the key to he pick -up . hopp jump into the truck , peel out , leave stu and bonnie in the dust . stu hopp you catch any of that , bon ? bonnie hopp not one bit . gideon grey well , that make I feel a little better . I think she be talk in tongue or something . ext . zootopia - sahara square - STREET hopp drive the farm truck to finnick 's van . she knock . finnick who be it ? hopp I need to find Nick . please . 92 . finnick give she a reluctant look , then soften . ext . bridge - later hopp arrive at a underpass . she look around , it 's a desolate , sad place . hopp Nick ? Nick ! there 's Nick , sit on a lawn chair under the bridge . hopp ( cont 'd ) oh , Nick ! night howler be not wolf . they be toxic flower . I think someone be target predator on purpose and make they go savage . nick wow . be not that interesting . he get up , walk under the bridge . she follow . hopp wait ! wait , please -- I know you ' will never forgive I . and I do not blame you . I would not forgive I either . I be ignorant and irresponsible and small-minded ... but predator should not suffer because of my mistake . I have to fix this , but I can not do it without you . he sigh , but still will not look at she . hopp ( cont 'd ) ( get emotional ) and after we be do , you can hate I , and that will be fine , because I be a horrible friend and I hurt you ... and you can walk away know you be right all along , I really be just a dumb bunny . it seem she lose he , then : hopp ( on recorder ) ( cont 'd ) I really be just a dumb bunny . I really be just a dumb bunny . hopp cock she head . huh ? Nick turn to she ... hold she recording pen . 93. nick do not worry , carrot , I will let you erase it ... in 48 hour . hopp sniffles and wipe a tear from she eye . nick ( cont 'd ) alright , get in here . hopp lean she head on Nick 's chest . he give she a hug . nick ( cont 'd ) okay . oh , you bunny ... you be so emotional . there we go . deep breath . ( then ) be you just try to steal the pen . be that what this be ? ( then ) you be stand on my tail , though . off , off , off . hopp I be sorry . int . hopp ' family truck - moment later hopp drive as Nick sit shotgun - - eat blueberry . nick I think you guy only grow carrot . ( then , eat ) what 's the plan ? hopp we be gonna follow the night howler . nick okay . how ? hopp ( show picture of weasel ) know this guy ? nick uh-huh . I tell you , I know everybody . 94 . ext . zootopia STREET - later we find the weasel sell crappy knock - off merchandise on a street corner . duke weaselton well , hello , step right up ! anything you need ... I get it . all you favorite movie ! I get movie that have not even be release yet ! a armadillo customer scan a array of blatant knock - off movie like " wreck - it Rhino , " " wrangle , " and " pig hero 6 . " duke weaselton ( cont 'd ) hey , 15 % off ! 20 ! make I a offer ! come on ! nick ( suddenly appear ) well , well , look who it be . the duke of bootleg . duke weaselton what 's it to you , wilde ? should not you be melting down a popsicle or something ? ( see hopp ) hey , if it be not flopsy the copsy . hopp we both know that be not moldy onion I catch you steal . what be you gonna do with that night howler , wessleton ? duke weaselton it 's weaselton . Duke weaselton . and I be not talk , rabbit . and be not nothing you can do to make I . weaselton flick a toothpick in she face . hopp smile at Nick . int . mr. big' place - a little later we find polar bear hold the weasel over the ice pit . mr. big Ice `em . 95 . duke weaselton aaagh ! agh ! ( to Nick ) ya dirty rat ! why ya help she ?! she 's a cop ! mr. big and the godmother to my future granddaughter . reveal : fru fru be pregnant . fru fru shrew I be gonna name she Judy . hopp aw . mr. big ( to polar bear ) Ice this weasel . duke weaselton all right , all right , please ! I will talk ! I will talk . I steal they night howler so I could sell `em . they offer I what I could not refuse ... money . hopp and to whom do you sell they ? duke weaselton ( pre - lap ) a ram name Doug . we get a drop spot underground ... ext . subway station - a little later Nick and hopp approach a abandon subway station . duke weaselton ( v.o. ) ... just watch it . Doug be the opposite of friendly . he 's unfriendly ... they arrive at the entrance and quickly sneak under the gate . int . abandoned subway station - moment later they emerge on a platform and spot a abandon subway car . 96 . hopp come on ! as they sneak up to it ... hopp pull open the window and look inside the car . they both jump into ... int . the greenhouse car - continuous they both see the row of night howler . hopp the weasel be not lie . nick yeah , look like old Doug 's cornere the market on night howler ... click ! a door open off screen ! they quickly hide under a desk as a tough sheep labworker enter . he go through the process of harvest the pollen , eventually produce a small , blue paint ball pellet of night howler toxin . Nick and hopp watch it all . the sheep 's phone ring . doug ( into phone ) you get Doug here . what 's the mark ? cheetah in sahara Square . get it . the sheep load a gun , cock it . we see a map with picture of a various animal target . doug ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) serious ? yeah , I know they be fast . I can hit he . listen , I hit a tiny little otter through the open window of a move car . hear this , the piece of the puzzle start fall into place for hopp . she look up at the picture of otterton - - we flashback to see Doug hit he with a serum pellet . then hopp look at manchas 's picture - - we flashback to that . doug ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah I will buzz you when it 's do . or you will see it on the news . ya know , whichever come first . 97 . bam , bam , bam ! the goons have return . woolter ( o.s. ) hey Doug , open up ! we have get you latte . doug ( into phone ) alright , woolter and jesse be back , so I be leave now . ( then ) out . hopp look around , what be she go to do . as Doug go to the door to unlock it , hopp creep out of they hide spot . nick hey . hey ! where be you go ? get back here ! what be you do ?! he 's gonna see you ! what be you look at ? hey ! whatever you be think , stop think it . carrot ! carrot ! doug it better have the extra foam this time -- bam ! hopp kick woolter in the back , knock he into the other two thug . hopp lock the door . woolter ( o.s. ) hey , open up ! the thug start bang on the door . nick what be you do ?! you just trap we in here ! hopp we need to get this evidence to the zpd . Nick pick up the case . nick okay . great . here it be . get it . hopp no . all of it ! nick wait , what ? 98 . hopp rush to the control room , try to start the engine . nick ( cont 'd ) great , you be a conductor now ? hey , listen -- it would take a miracle to get this rust - bucket go . the train start move . nick ( cont 'd ) well ... hallelujah ! int . train track - same doug ( on the phone ) we kinda get a situation at the lab ... ( notice train ) oh ! it just get worse ! Doug and he minion race after the train . back to : int . subway car - same Nick and hopp race away , feel fairly confident . nick Mission accomplish . would it be premature for I to do a little victory toot-toot ? hopp all right . one toot-toot . Nick blow the train whistle . nick well , I can cross that off the bucket list . thing be look up , when : bam ! woolter just bust into the car . Nick slam the door close right before woolter get to they . nick ( cont 'd ) I may have to rescind that victory toot-toot . 99 . noise from the roof above they ... bam ! bam ! bam ! nick ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's just hail ? uh-oh . jesse bust through the window . he 's stick , but flail at hopp . Nick try to pull he away . nick ( cont 'd ) back off ! Nick get punch backward and notice woolter charge toward the door at full speed . right before woolter arrive , Nick pull the door open . nick ( cont 'd ) incoming ! woolter 's momentum carry he into jesse -- dislodge he onto the track . hopp be knock out the window , but grab onto woolter 's horn . hopp try to hang on as the subway car hurtle down the tunnel . nick ( cont 'd ) carrot ?! hopp ( to Nick ) do not stop ! keep go ! jesse ( about to get run over ) no ! no ! please stop ! hopp do not stop this car ! jesse dive to safety and hopp get buck up onto the top of the train . Nick take the wheel as the train emerge above ground . hopp look up to see ... another train come toward they ... on the same track ! she see a turn - off switch ahead . hopp ( cont 'd ) speed up , Nick ! speed up ! nick ( stave off woolter ) there 's another train come ! hopp trust I ! speed ! up ! woolter see the train come and try to get unstuck , but he can not . he struggle like crazy . 100 . woolter stop the train ! hey ! then , at the last second , hopp appear next to he : hopp hey . need some help ? hopp kick woolter off the train and he land perfectly on the turn - off switch on the track below . at the last possible second , they train switch track -- just avoid the oncoming car . except ... nick oh no ! oh no , no , no ! too fast ! hold on ! the train derail as it take the curve . the night howler catch fire . nick ( cont 'd ) I think this be we stop ! hopp and Nick dive out of the car and onto a subway platform ... just as the lab car explode . hopp okay ... maybe some of the evidence survive . a second loud explosion . the train be destroy . hopp ( cont 'd ) everything be go . we have lose it all . nick ( shaking head ) yeah . oh , except for this . Nick hold up a case -- contain a gun and a pellet . hopp oh , Nick ! yes ! Judy smack he on the arm . hard . Nick grimace . nick ow . 101 . hopp come on ! we gotta get to the zpd . cut through the Natural History Museum ! int . natural history museum - night Nick and hopp race through the empty museum . the zpd entrance be just ahead . hopp oh ! there it be ! they be go to make it . bellwether ( o.s. ) Judy ! Judy ! Judy and Nick stop and turn . there 's bellwether , stand behind they with two ram cop . hopp Mayor bellwether ! ( out of breath , rapidly ) we find out what 's happen . someone 's darting predator with a serum - - that 's what 's make they go savage . bellwether ( applaud ) I be so proud of you , Judy . you do just a super job . hopp thank you , mar 'am . ( troubling realization ) how do you know where to find we ? bellwether I will go ahead and I will take that case now . hopp you know what ... I think Nick and I will just take this to the zpd ... hopp turn toward the zpd . uh oh . one of bellwether 's ram be block the way . Nick just now get what 's go on . hopp ( cont 'd ) nick run ! run! 102 . they take off -- away from the zpd -- down a dark corridor . bellwether get they ! hopp look over she shoulder as she run -- not see a sharp wooly mammoth tusk stick out . it slashes she leg , knock she off she foot . hopp ach ! nick ah carrot ! Nick go to she . her leg be bleed badly . nick ( cont 'd ) I get ya , come here , come here . he carry she behind a pillar . nick ( cont 'd ) okay , now just relax . Nick dig a handkerchief from he pocket . a few blueberries fall out with it . nick ( cont 'd ) whoops ... blueberry ? hopp pass . bellwether ( o.s. ) come on out , Judy ! hopp take the case . get it to bogo . nick I be not gonna leave you behind . that 's not happen . hopp I can not walk . nick just , we will think of something . bellwether finally appear , flanke by the Rams . bellwether we be on the same team , Judy ! 103 . with bellwether &amp ; thug -- bellwether talk as they look for hopp and Nick ... bellwether underestimate . under -appreciate . be not you sick of it ? predator . they may be strong and loud , but prey out - number predator 10 to one . bellwether see a shadow -- rabbit ear . she gesture to the ram -- there they be . bellwether ( cont 'd ) think of it -- 90 percent of the population , united against a common enemy . we will be unstoppable . the Rams be about to pounce on hopp and Nick ... only to find the shadow be come from a mummified jackalope be illuminate by a shop light . bellwether ( cont 'd ) ( to goons ) over there ! hopp and Nick be make a run for it . they be go to make it to the zpd ! when suddenly ... bam ! a ram tackle they both , knock the case out of Nick 's paw . both of they fall into a sink diorama . bellwether , with case in hand , look over the edge . bellwether ( cont 'd ) well , you should have stay on the carrot farm , huh ? it really be too bad ; I really do like you . hopp what be you go to do ? kill I ? bellwether no ! of course not ... he be . bellwether take the dart gun out of the case , aim at Nick and ... thwick ! she dart he . hopp no ! Nick ?! Nick start to shake and crouch . bellwether dial she phone . 104 . bellwether yes , police ! there 's a savage fox in the natural history museum . Officer hopp be down ! please hurry ! Nick be start to turn . hopp no. Nick , do not do this . fight it . bellwether oh , but he can not help it , can he ? since pred be just biologically predisposed to be savage . Nick stalk hopp , who try to limp away . bellwether ( cont 'd ) gosh , think of the headline : " hero cop kill by Savage Fox ... " hopp so that 's it , prey fear predator , and you stay in power ? bellwether yeah , pretty much . hopp it will not work . bellwether fear always work . and I will dart every predator in Zootopia to keep it that way . hopp ( as Nick stalk she ) oh , Nick ! no ! bellwether bye - bye , Bunny . Nick lunge . he attack . hopp scream . bellwether smile . hopp blood , blood , blood ! and death . bellwether look confuse . Nick stand up . 105 . nick all right , you be milk it . besides , I think we get it , I think we get it . we get it up there , thank you yakkety - yak -- you laid it all out beautifully . bellwether what ? bellwether look at she gun , in disbelief . nick yea , oh , be you look for the serum ? ( hold it up ) well , it 's right here . hopp what you have get in the weapon there - - that be blueberry . from my family 's farm . livid , bellwether see a blueberry in the gun 's chamber . nick they be delicious . ( lick finger ) you should try some . bellwether I frame lionheart , I can frame you too ! it 's my word against yours ! hopp oooo , actually -- hopp hold up the carrot pen . bellwether ( on carrot pen recorder ) and I will dart every predator in Zootopia to keep it that way ... hopp -- it 's you word against yours . it 's call a hustle , sweetheart . boom . bogo and a team of cop burst onto the scene . bellwether look to run but there 's nowhere to go . she 's nail . CUT to : 106 . int . news studio - day a predator -prey news team read the headline . footage show bellwether be lead to jail in cuff and a orange jumpsuit . predator anchor ( v.o. ) former Mayor Dawn bellwether be behind bar today , guilty of mastermind the savage attack that have plague Zootopia of late . prey anchor her predecessor , leodore lionheart , deny any knowledge of she plot , claim he be just try to protect the city . a feline reporter , kitty cowlick , interview lionheart . lionheart do I falsely imprison that animal ? well , yes . yes I do . it be a classic " do the wrong thing for the right reason " kind of a deal . back to the news desk -- pred anchor in related news , doctor say the night howler antidote be prove effective in rehabilitate the afflict predator ... int . hospital room - day Mr. otterton , who wake up into the arm of he wife . mrs . otterton emmitt ? oh ... emmitt ... she hug he and he hold she tight . we pull back to reveal hopp in the room , watch they reunion . mrs . otterton ( cont 'd ) ( to hopp ) thank you . 107 . ext . zootopia central plaza - day hopp walk through the central plaza of zootopia . she look around to see animal come back together . she focus on two kide : one pred , one prey play soccer . hopp ( v.o. ) when I be a kid , I think Zootopia be this perfect place where everyone get along and anyone could be anything ... hopp kick the soccer ball with the kid . hopp ( v.o. ) turn out , real life 's a little bit more complicated than a slogan on a bumper sticker . Real life be messy . at the zpd : hopp enter to find clawhauser back at he desk , unpack . what 's more -- two cop approach he with donut . hopp ( v.o. ) we all have limitation . we all make mistake . which mean -- hey , glass half full ! -- we all have a lot in common . and the more we try to understand one another , the more exceptional each of we will be . but we have to try . ext . cadet training ground - day reveal : hopp be give a commencement address to the graduate of the Police Academy . hopp so , no matter what type of animal you be , from the biggest elephant to we first fox ... reveal : Nick be a cadet . he remove he shade , wink at hopp . hopp ( cont 'd ) I implore you ... try . try to make the world a better place . on stage , hopp ready to pin a badge on Nick . as she approach , they exchange a nod -- a small , sincere gesture . she place the badge , then give Nick a official salute . 108 . hopp ( cont 'd ) look inside yourself , and recognize that change start with you . it start with I . it start with all of we . cap be throw in the air . the music fade out , leave just the applause , which be interrupt by : bogo ( pre - lap ) all right ! all right ... CUT to : int . zpd bullpen - day hopp and Nick ( now in uniform ) sit together among zpd 's finest . bogo stand at the podium . bogo ... enough ! shut it ! we have some new recruit with we this morning , include we first fox . who care . nick ha ! you should have you own line of inspirational greeting card , sir . bogo shut you mouth , wilde . assignment ! officer grizzoli , fangmeyer , delgato : tundratown swat . snarlov , higgins , wolfard : undercover . hopp , wilde ... ( beat of anticipation ) parking duty . dismiss . ( beat ) just kid ! we have report of a street racer tear up Savannah Central . find he , shut he down . int . / ext . cop car ( drive shot ) - day hopp drive . Nick ride shotgun , eat a pawpsickle . nick so be all rabbit bad driver or be it just you ? she slam on the brake . he lurch forward , accidentally jam the pawpsickle into he face . 109 . hopp oops. sorry . nick ( as he wipe off he face ) sly bunny . hopp Dumb fox . nick you know you love I . hopp do I know that ? yes . yes , I do . they smile wide . they be stop at a red light , when suddenly -- a tricked out red sport car blast through the light ! they look at each other and smile even wider . hopp stomp on the gas . Nick hit the siren . the patrol car take off ... ext . street of zootopia - moment later the flee sport car come to a screeching halt . angle on the license plate : fst nml . hopp and Nick exit they car and approach the driver . hopp Sir , you be go 115 mile per hour . I hope you have a good explanation . but when they get to the driver 's window ... nick flash ? flash ? hundre yard dash ?! yep . it 's flash the sloth . flash ( several beat ) Nick . CUT to black : the end