Zulu Dawn 1 . script appear on black screen : one hundred year ago the british colony of natal in Southern Africa be surround by a vast and independent Zulu Kingdom . in 1879 , a banle take place that be forever to alter the course of colonial history : I sandhlwana 2 ext . dawn . four Zulu 's be see in silhouette herding cattle up a hill . 3 . long shot - two Zulu 's be see in silhouette high on a precipice . 4 . Seven Zulu 's be see walk in silhouette against the sunrise . 5 . the sun fill the screen as the sound of many run foot and Zulu drum be hear . 6 . ext . zulu kraal . day . a large regiment of Zulu warrior carry shield and assegais ( stabbing spear ) be see run into the kraal whilst the sound of tribal sing , chant and drum beat escalate . 7 . Inside the camp a group of Zulu 's be see grapple with a bull as they struggle to bring the animal to the ground . they be watch by a vast circle of warrior all shouting encouragement . 8 . a elaborate tribal dance ensue . it appear to be some sort of fenility rite . the female stand opposite the man in row , chant as they move in closer . 9 . cetshwayo , the great Zulu King emerge into the throng . he be tall , beautifully fat , with a big intelligent face and superb dignity . he survey he subject with interest as they stand unanimous , thrust they assegais into the air whilst shouting they allegiance . 10 . ext . high commissioner residence , pietermaritzburg , natal . night . bartle frere ( v.0 . ) reading aloud the letter he have just write . cetshwayo ' 5 Zulu army to disband and the warrior permit to return to they home . 2 11 . switch to interior . frere be seat at he desk whilst lord chelmsford be see in the background stand on the veranda . bartle frere he continue to read aloud : present military system to be abandon . New regulation concern the defence of the realm work out . chelmsford enter the room , sit and study two sheet of paper . frere continue : all who do not submit will be deal with as enemy of the Crown . we will not permit the arbitrary kill and frere pause as he underline a certain word : and unjust oppression which the Zulu people have suffer from they own King cetshwayo pause , frere look up as if to meet he comrade 's gaze . chelmsford , however , continue to read , turn the page . bartle frere you ' 11 see from the letter that this ultimatum be we decision alone . her majesty 's government seem to prefer a negotiate settlement 12 . close up of chelmsford 's letter : her majesty 's government confidentially hope that by the exercise of prudence and by meeting of the Zulus in a spirit of forbearance and reasonable compromise it will be possible to avert the very serious evil of a war with cetshwayo : 13 . return to bartle frere . as he melt some sealing wax over a silver burner : bartle frere ( refer to the letter he have just complete ) do this do what we both know to be right Frederick ? chelmsford it do Sir Henry ( he fold the papers neatly in half ) excellently . the pair exchange glance as bartle frere apply the wax to he letter . 14 . close up of stamp seal . 15 . ext . chelmsford's camp pietermaritzburg . day 3 activity everywhere , the incessant movement of a army in the final stage of its formation . huge ox - wagon be be haul into the camp . 16 . chelmsford and crealock be on horseback in full regaJia as they ride into the centre of the Camp . 17 . squad of basuto-infantry - tall , rangy body , naked except for a loincloth and neck ornament - be be drill by foul mouth , bully european nco 's . 18 . lo. melvill , young , dapper , inspect the martini Henry rifle of a company of redcoat who be line up near the basutos . a csm ( sot . william ) stalk behind melvill . one redcoat , young , thin , gangle , turn he head slightly to peek at the basutos , and the swift eye of sot . william detect the disaffection . the young redcoat ( pte . william ) turn , guilty at be catch out of the ' attention ' position . the csm ( sot . william ) lean forward until he face be one inch from that of he quavering prey . sgt . william ( shout ) you move ( with more restraint ) you move go and tell the nco of that black shamble that you love ' im more than you love I ( shout ) now ' 19 . pte . william blink , swallow then run over to the basuto 's nco . nco ( address the basutos ) you be not fit to be in the british army you different coloured article . straighten up ! you be like a load of bloody herd boy ! ( he suddenly become aware of pte . william ' presence ) . pte . william I be to tell you corporal , that I love you more than my colour sergeant the basuto 's nco walk up to pte . william . nco that 's frightening ... get out of my bloody sight lad . and put you rifle over you head and double round this field ( shouting ) until you drop bloody dead . now move , get on with it , at the double . the basutos , laugh , raise they shield into the air in general amusement as private william run past . nco shut up ! get back in the rank you shower of animal . 20 . chelmsford , still on horseback , survey the encampment . he salute to sot . william . crealock , as always , be in attendance . 21 . 4 sgt . william facing the rank : company shoulder arm .... ( lo. melvilljoin sot . william ) present arm . lt . melvill turn stand to attention , salute as chelmsford pass . 22 . two boer ride into the camp , pass two sutler wagon . we see sot . william ' dismiss company hurriedly crowd round one of the sutler be wagon , shouting for cigar and gin . 23 . the two boer , one a elderly man , one a boy of sixteen , have dismounted . sot . william stride over to they . you pass through ? sgt . william elderly boer we have come to fight the Zulu . sgt . william we be not at war yet refer to the boy : bit young ' in ' he ? elderly boer he 's my nephew ... he can shoot , track and speak Zulu and fight like hell ... he 's get assegai mark to prove it ... he gesture to the boy to show sot . william . the young boer pull up he shin , show a horrendous white scar across he stomach . sot . william stare in amazement . come to , commanding the attention of a boy - pullen in the rank : you ! sir. ( running over ) sgt . william boy -pullen sgt . william take them to the orderly officer . ( sot . william depart ) . boy -pullen ( stand to attention ) . colour sergeant address the boer : this way . 24 . the boer follow as the pte . lead oft 25 . a troop of sikali horse under the command of col . durnford ride into the camp . he be a tall , thin -haire man with handsome sunburnt feature , intelligent and sensitive eye and a over- length moustache . he have only the use of 5 one arm , he leave arm be completely paralyze and hold immobile , tuck into a special pocket he have sewn into he tunic . col . durnford and sot . ma3or kambula ( a powerful and intelligent African radiating authority . ) pull up as the troop ride by . 26 . with the sikali in the foreground , pte . william be see in the background , still run , he rifle above he head . 27 . the same nco see previously address the basutos : nco company .... ' shun ! ( the basutos comply ) . move yourselves . 28 . sikali be see canter as if a pre-ordained manoeuvre be about to commence . 29 . durnford and S.M. kambula be surveying they troops . S.M. kambula shall I give the order Sir ? col . durnford alright , sergeant 30 . S.M. kambula ride offscreen . 31 . the sikali gather together . S.M. kambula 's voice be hear above the throng : S.M. kambula sikali horse forward ! 32 . the sikali ride full pelt , charge at the basutos . the troop continue almost into the first line of the basutos , which consist of they european nco 's . the european nco 's of the basutos stare at the sikali troop as they wheel and once again come gallop at they . 33 . col . pulleine , lo. melvill & lo. coghill be see outside the Officer 's mess amused at the commotion . 34 . close up . col . durnford laugh . 35 . the nco 's edge away , unsure , prepare to take to they heel . the basuto infantry watch , admire , clap . 6 the troop skilfully turn they horse , as if on a penny , inch from the basuto nco 's then ride away , whooping , in high spirit . lord chelmsford & col . crealock , have watch this exhibition , ride forward to meet col . durnford . chelmsford splendid horsemanship who be they ? durnford sikali horse , my Lord . Christians all I know each one by name . chelmsford they come well recommend do they ? durnford my Lord , they ride for I at bushman ' 5 pass . chelmsford oh ... indeed . crealock , we should see that Colonel dumford have a Officer for he hard rider . perhaps a subaltern from the twenty fourth . durnford I think it might be more effective to find someone who speak Zulu . chelmsford & crealock exchange glance . crealock yes . I see you have issue each of they with a martini Henry carbine . we quota for Native contingency : one rifle to ten man and only five round per rifle . chelmsford but will they make good use of they ? durneord they're as good marksman as horseman . chelmsford there 's no doubting they horsemanship Colonel durnford . chelmsford & durnford salute . durnford Mr. crealock . crealock nod . durnford exit offscreen . 7 chelmsford we must think how to make best use of Colonel durnford 's African knowledge . 36 . through the smoke of the field kitchen enter the honourable william vereker , aristocratically aloof on a fine stallion , he servant follow on a equally fine horse . he ride purposely towards col . durnford as if he have be seek he . vereker Colonel durnford ... William vereker . I hear you have be seek officer ? durnford good one , yes , Mr vereker . gentlemen who can ride and shoot durnford wait for a reaction . vereker , cool , look into durnford 's face and take out he rifle . canter some distance away , vereker turn , spur he horse vigorously and , on reach durnford , throw he rifle up into the aim . he fire one - hand at the half carcass of a cow be hang up near the field kitchen without veer he gallop horse . the half carcass judder under the impact of the heavy bullet . 37 . pte . william have be jogging wretchedly on . on hearing the bullet he throw himself to the ground believe he have be shot . two of the kitchen hand help he to he foot . 38 . close up of sot . william . sgt . william shout across the field : private Williams . you have stop . 39 . pte . william regains he composure and , once more lift he rifle above he head , continue to jog . sgt . william look on with smug satisfaction . 40 . as vereker approach , durnford command the attention of lt . RAW : durnford Mr. Raw . take Mr. vereker to the store and see he ' 5 issue the necessary equipment and then show he to the mess and explain to he how a Officer be expect to behave . RAW salute and lead vereker off leave , as durnford watch they departure . 41 . int . officer ' mess tent . day 8 close up . a scorpion be be remove from a specimen jar with a pair of tweezers . it be lift out of shot to be examine under a magnify glass revealing lieutenant coghill & melvill seat at a impressive green baize table . there be African servant , white - jackete . sergeant murphy , a short , broad humorous , coarse - face man , supervise the servant . chelmsford sit alone at a corner table read he newspaper . other officer be seat around the main table drink claret and smoking the obligatory cigar . colonel pulleine be write a letter whilst lt . harford sit with he tin around he classify he specimen . as sot . murphy refill they glass coghill & melvill gossip covertly in half whisper so that they voice do not carry to the table of they commander . melvill lighting coghill ' 5 cigar : we good Colonel dumford score quite a coup with the sikali horse . coghill um . there be rumour that my Lord chelmsford intend to make durnford second in Command . melvill well that 's typical of her majesty 's army . appoint a engineer to do a soldier 's work . pulleine he continue write without look up : now , now Mr. melvill , less of you spleen . coghill & melvill smile at one another before they attention be draw to lt . RAW and vereker enter the mess . RAW address the mess : Stranger in the mess. gentlemen . ( to chelmsford ) my lorj the officer and vereker survey each other . RAW to vereker : announce yourself vereker spot chelmsford in the corner . vereker good day Frederick . 9 chelmsford good day William . ( fold he newspaper , he stand to shake hand ) . please you could join we . the officer turn , a bit startle , to look at this newcomer who be somehow on first - name term with the Lord General . vereker it be either that , or join the Zulu . chelmsford ( removing he glass ) . join the Zulu ? oh yes , you be right in the thick of it be not you ? talk to you father before we sail .. he say you would take to farming near Zulu land . send he regards .. should I meet up with you . vereker ( wryly ) that be nice of the old boy . chelmsford I think you would better call out who you be . vereker turn to address the mess . chelmsford sit . vereker William vereker . sergeant Murphy . RAW murphy Sir ? RAW bring drink for the stranger . allow I to introduce the mess : Colonel pulleine . messer . melvill , coghill ... with the exception of pulleine & major russell the officer stand as they be introduce . coghill Morning . during the introduction , sot . murphy select a large , silver , chalice - like receptacle from a trophy table in another corner . he take it to the head of the table . RAW Jackson , milne , Major russel4 stevenson , . i0 stevenson how do you do ? RAW haiford . . and haiford 's best frien J harford raise a glass jar contain one of he prize specimen in acknowledgement . meanwhile murphy have collect a bottle of claret from a tray bring by another black servant . he pour the content into the trophy . russell Don 't leave you gin around , vereker , or harford will have it full of preserve butteifty . a damned waste , if you ask I . harford chuckle as he replace the lid on he jar . vereker oh I doubt if I will leave much of that around . there 's quite a shortage where I have be . coghill puff on he cigar : theyfight with spear don 't they ? I mean it do not seem quite fair against the martini Henry . melvill you do not really have to choose between you country and the Zulu do you ? vereker um . and a damn close thing it be too . RAW take the freshly fill trophy from murphy . ah , well do Murphy . ( he present it to vereker ) . harford Stranger 's Cup . ( the officer sit . ) down it in one and we where share you mess bill for a week . vereker and {f I do not ? RAW then a bottle of good claret to each member of the mess be charge to you account melvill if it 's too much we can have the bill forward to you father ... in the 11 House of lord . oh no offence mean , vereker . vereker no offence take , melvill . ( take the trophy from RAW ) . to man who aren 't afraid to speak they mind . RAW good luck , Sir vereker begin to drink . gradually , the officer join in with cheer of encouragement until the entire mess be chant " down , down , down " . they bang they fist on the table in time with the chant . gulping back the liquid , vereker stop as if he have accomplish he task . the officer applaud . General ad. lib . " well do " . etc . vereker ( expressionless ) not quite . turn the trophy upside - down , he pour a small amount of liquid onto the floor . appear slightly intoxicate , he lip stain red with the wine , he smile : the bottle of claret , be on I gentlemen . General call of " here , here " . RAW stand , he raise he glass to propose a toast : the regiment officer the regiment vereker still smile , he wipe the remain wine from the corner of he moustache . the regiment . 42.ext . zulukraal . day a tall , bald impose Zulu name mantshonga enter the camp . he make he way through a large regiment of young Zulu brave and older indunas ( officer ) . they surround two young Zulu warrior who be tautly circle . they shield be hold at the defensive , they assegais poise for underhand thrust . 43 . close shot - the two warrior fight . 44 . long shot - the vast crowd encircle the warrior . 45 . the crowd cheer as chief cetshwayo watch from he throne . 12 46 . mantshonga , spot cetshwayo , walk purposefully towards he . mantshonga I bring greeting from you friend , the british , and from the great Lord chelmsfor J cetshwayo still watch the fight Zulus ; and what do you Masters say ? mantshonga they be angry and send this demand . they say you rule in old way that be wrong , that you kill you people without triaL the great White Queen herself can not kill she lowliest subject though she rule forty land , each great than all of ZululanJ bayele kill the traitor , Father ' cetshwayo gesture to he son to calm down : I do kill , under the custom of the Zulu , and I shall not depart from that do I go to the country of the white man and tell he to change he law and custom ? mantshonga the british say you army grow larger and they demand that you disband you lmpis of War cetshwayo tell the british I will not cross the river which divide we land . but ask Lord chelmsford if he would disarm he warrior in the face of such threat . 47 . close up . the two Zulus be now in ferocious combat . 48 . switch back to alternate close shot of cetshwayo & mantshonga mantshonga I will ask he but he answer will be to start war against you 30,000 warrior . cetshwayo my army will defend this land 49 . General uproar as one of the fight Zulus fall to the ground . stand , cetshwayo give the signal to kill . the triumphant Zulu drive he assegai into the other 's heart . a group of warrior converge upon the body as mantshonga turn and exit . 13 50 . ext . garden . diocesan mansion . day . a garden party be in full swing . there be table and chair dot about a spacious garden . stringe music be play and there be a air of English civility . there be lady with parasol , child play and officer present . 51 . fanny colenso - 25 , she cheek aflame , she manner excitable , be engage in a sedate ' game of cricket with some child and officer . she bat the ball some distance away near col . durnford . fanny Anthony ( shout ) ... Anthony col . durnford , engage in conversation with a Officer and a lady , turn on hearing he name . he spot the ball . col . durnford ( handing he hat to the Officer ) hold this . pick up the ball , he give it to a little girl who have run to collect it . ( smiling at fanny ) well bat well batteJ fanny curtsy in mock recognition . her eye flash to he and we sense they secret feel for each other . 52 . vereker & two other officer ride along the drive to the mansion . dismount vereker hand the reign of he horse to a well - dress black groomsman and step forward extend he hand in greeting to the black butler . vereker Joseph , how be all the colenso girl ? joseph they be all in the garden , Sir and they will be glad to see you , I be sure . vereker walk down the slope of the lawn , past a young girl on a swing , she may be in attendance . removing he hat , he spot fanny be bowl to by lo. milne . creep up behind she , vereker indicate to milne to bowl high . vereker ( catch the ball milne have just bowl ) you tip id youtippedit ! out ! out ! fanny I do not ( turn ) William . ( hugging he ) you cheat , you . vereker I cheat ? same old fanny . ( he kiss she on the cheek ) . 14 fanny with genuine affection : welcome . welcome back . take he arm , fanny & vereker walk across the lawn . vereker throw the ball back to the cricketer . 53 . durnford , still engage in conversation , turn smile . his smile fade as he spot fanny with vereker . durnford Excuse I , lady . leave they , he make towards fanny & vereker . 54 . fanny do you get you farm go ? yes , I do . oh . how be it ? I have never be so happy . vereker fanny vereker fanny stop , fanny address he earnestly : I be sorry you have to leave . 55 . durnford approach they . durnford you have meet the ... honourable William vereker , I believe . fanny yes Anthony , we be childhood friend . durnford you childhood friend shot a dead cow at the gallop the other day . ( fanny laugh ) . he wasn 't impressed . 56 . switch to mansion veranda . chelmsford watch the threesome as bartle frere approach he , puffing on a cigar . chelmsford there be a Mrs. dumford , be there ? 15 bartle frere she exist .. . but er. . .nothing ' 5 be hear of she , the eight year durnford 's be in Africa . crealock although much be speak of she now , my Lord . this three walk along the veranda . bartle frere I , er , recommend he to you .. . because he know Africa so well . crealock oh indeed . his ability to recruit native contingent be prove invaluable to his lordship . bartle frere how do you rate he as a soldier ? crealock it be widely hold that he have great courage and he 's a excellent engineer bartle frere ( walk down the veranda step ) . shall we join the guest ? 57 . the dewitt sister , both in they white , be see play a game of tennis . they be be watch by lts . melvill & coghill ( they be both seat ) . one of the lady move off court to fetch the ball that have go out of play . she glance up at coghill . coghill do you think she might be interested in someone ? melvill which one ? coghill well that one . the one who keep look at I . melvill ft could be you flatter yourself coghill it 's that odd eye . lt . RAW approach RAW ( tongue - in - cheek ) they must have lock all the good one up . 58 . bartle frere , chelmsford & crealock have now join a selection of the guest at some table on the lawn for afternoon tea . 16 mrs . dewitt ah , General . ( she curtsy . chelmsford acknowledge ) . do you find we border country congenial , my Lord ? chelmsford ( sitting ) the landscape , most congenial ma'am but the border , vulnerable . mrs . pretorious ( also sit ) do you really think cetshwayo will attack we ? durnsford , vereker & fanny have also join the party . chelmsford the intention of the Zulu impis and they King concern I deeply , ma 'am . fanny cetshwayo have no intention of attack natal , Mrs. pretorious . unless he ' 5 give no option . he have no quarrel with we . ( she sit ) . bartle frere ( sitting next to fanny ) it 's very rare to meet a young lady interested in tactical matter , miss colenso . be it not , Sir Henry , most rare ? mr . pretorious you be talk of a violent and murdering barbarian who command a army of 30,000 warrior just across the river fanny my father have know and live with the Zulus for many year . mr . pretorious cetshwayo massacre 20,000 of he own people to make himseif King . colenso the English tudor king do no less . much later in we nation ' 5 history , I might add , and the french much more recently . chelmsford that may well be , you Grace , but be that as it may , my duty be clear the defence of all this ( indicate the surroundings ) natal colenso yes , well , it 's difficult to stand against that position . if you speak only of . ( lean forward & look he in the eye ) .. defence . mr . pretorious and what do we good Colonel durnford think ? 17 durnford ( walk around the table to join vereker ) if the people of natal wish to feel safe , let they persuade they husband and son to volunteer we need both officer and man . chelmsford we do Colonel , good point . colenso I cannot be bring to believe that cetshwayo want a war with Britain . bartle frere every Zulu be raise to be a warrior without a war there would be no Zulu nation . mrs . dewitt nobody be really safe , be they you excellency ? joseph have appear at bartle frere 's side . he whisper something into he ear . lady frere Mrs. dewitt have four daughter , Henry , and ifear she feel for they all 59 . vereker have wander away from the table . he be watch melvill & coghill chat to the two dewitt girl who be previously play tennis . vereker you daughter may indeed be in some danger Mrs. dewitt , but not at the moment from the Zulus , ifear 60 . the party ' attention be draw to the four on the lawn . 61 . close up of mrs . dewitt as she laugh politely . 62 . as the camera swing back to the four on the lawn we see mantshonga in the background . the camera follow he end in close up as he stride forward to meet bartle frere . bartle frere look grave as if he be already aware of the news he be about to hear . 63 . switch , long shot to where bartle frere , chelmsford , crealock & mantshonga be now stand . bartle frere address the entire garden party . bartle frere lady and gentleman , you attention , please . 64 . long shot of lawn . the guest move forward . 65 . the camera close in on the four on the veranda . with one arm behind he back , a cigar in he other hand , bartle frere continue : 18 bartle frere ( slowly and deliberately ) I think I should inform you that I be oblige to issue a state of war between her majesty 's government and the Zulu King , cetshwayo 66 . switch to close up of vereker & colenso . General background noise of dismay as bartle frere carry on . 67 . bartle frere on he non compliance with the ultimatum make on he urging reformation ... 68 . close up of fanny & durnford . he drop he head , averting she gaze . 69 . close up of bartle frere . he continue : bartle frere and redress for violation of british sovereignty . the guest applaud as chelmsford & bartle frere shake hand . 70 . close up of fanny & durnford . fanny why ? why do man think ofnoth but kill ? ( she touch he disabled arm lovingly ) . tuck he hat under he arm , he look into she eye and kiss she hand . walk away , he replace he hat and reach the top of the veranda step , turn . they exchange desperate , painful glance . 71 . close upofcolenso colenso ( to himself ) this wondeiful land we be privileged to share . ( removing he glass . ) dear God ( hang he head ) there should be room for all of we . 72 . ext . chelmsford's camp . pietermaritzburg . night assorted close shot to cover the move to rorke' drift - wagon wheel creaking as they take the first strain of movement , oxen hoove starting forward on rutted dirt surface , wagoneer flicking whip , pack go onto back of soldier , bare feet of native levie , officer mounting , then similar detail to show rhythmic forward progress , marching , rolling dark silhouetted form . torch . 73 . three officer stand watch : 19 officer there go number two company . 74 . Q.S.M. bloomfield cut across shot he be study a list attach to a clipboard . he be about to walk past a tent when he hear a call of " I will see yer " come from within . suspect gambling , he move to investigate . 75 . pull back the tent flap reveal a group , include boy - pullen play a game of card . bloomfield do I believe what I eye see ? the whole bleedin' Army movin ' off to meet the murderin ' heathen and what go on in 'ere ? a game of brag . ( sterner ) brag ? boy -pullen ( stand ) I be sorry , quartermaster bloomfield you will be more sorrier still when the Zulu ask lad . . " what 'ave you get to offer I not to slit you gut ? " and you say ( point to the card in boy - pullen 's hand ) ah , the knave of heart , Sir , the knave of heart . the rest of the group chuckle . offer boy-pullen a coin , bloomfield give the order " move ! " take the coin boy - pullen leave the tent . 76 . switch to bandstand . a band be play " Men of harlech " . chelmsford & bartle frere move into close up in foreground . chelmsford for a savage as to a child , chastisement be sometimes a kindness . bartle frere let we hope then , that this will be the final solution to the Zulu problem . 77 . ext . column on the move . night boy -pullen move against the traffic towards the back of the move column . he pass squad of torchlight marcher , artillery unit , rider , wagon , until he come to the sutler be wagon . 78 . three soldier enter shot and surreptitiously help themselves out of the back of the move wagon . notice , boy - pullen seize he chance and grab a bottle out one of the soldier 's hand , make a dash for it . soldier ' ere ! come back ' ere you thievin ' little beggar ~ 20 79 . moving shot . chelmsford , on foot salute a officer as durnford approach from behind on horseback . durnford ( Calling ) my Lord . ( chelmsford turn . ) I have prepare a list of idea for you to see . ( he remove a paper from he tunic ) . chelmsford excellent . thank you . ( he continue to walk away ) give they to crealock , would you ? durnford my Lord . ( chelmsford turn again ) this list be prepare for you . I don 't think another can understand its true value . chelmsford ( take the list ) thank you Colonel durnford . ( he exit as durnford look on ) . 80 . chelmsford join he group of officer . he mount he horse and then address they : chelmsford gentlemen , within ten day we shall cross the buffalo River and british soldier will then be in Zululand . Colonel durnford will remain down river 81 . close up of durnford . he look agitate by this remark . 82 . undeterred , chelmsford continue : chelmsford where he will be responsible for the defence of the natal border turn he horse and without look at durnford he lead he Party off 83 . bloomfield be join by boy - pullen boy-pullen will you hear " last Post " , Sir ? bloomfield I listen extra careful to you " stand to " this mornin ' , Boy . ft be peifecL I could not have do it better meseif , not even when I be bugler to the Duke of Wellington .. .now tell I , where do you get that black eye ? boy - pullen from the cook , Sir they see I dip you shave tin in the tea-water this morning , make they tea taste of lifebuoy toilet soap , they say handing he the bottle of gin he purloin earlier . 2t bloomfield so , you get it in the line of dooty .. ( take a swig from the bottle & hand it back to boy - pullen ) ... point take . bloomfield get up onto a wagon as boy - pullen gulp from the bottle . boy -pullen will we be fight the Zulus soo~ , quartermaster ? ( join bloomfield , he jump up onto the front of the wagon ) . bloomfield could be . ( he shout for the wagon to move out ) across the river into Zululand . ( they share the bottle of gin ) . they might just be wait there for we to show up ... . they stabbing assegais point right at we belly !.... boy -pullen you afear of the Zulus then , quartermaster ? bloomfield one Zulu be only one man .. ..and I be afear of no one man ... but the Zulu , they come in the thousand .... like a black wave of death .... in the thousand .... and they assegais .... stabbing ! the boy -pullen do not answer . he stare into the darkness , contemplate the prospect of the morning as describe by bloomfield . 84 . back in the centre of the camp , vereker ride past the bandstand to meet durnford . durnford you order , Mr vereker ? vereker I be to take the sikali with the main column to the river durnford Lord chelmsford seem to want I to stay back with my basutos . vereker I think chelmsford want a good man on the border why he fear a flanking attack and require a steady Commander in reserve . durnford ( angrily ) the wrong side of the river ! the wrong place ! ( durnford glare at vereker , who realize he have hit a raw nerve . ) do he wish I to fight the Zulu , or merely observe they natural habitat ? sense he cue to exit , vereker salute and say " Sir " turn he horse to join the sikali who be leave the camp . 22 85 . durnford walk he horse a few pace forward as he watch the troop leave . durnford ( with sincerity ) God go with you , Mr vereker ( he turn he horse about as the band music swell to its conclusion ) . 86 . the camp at rorke' drift . the border with zululand . day . travelling p.o.v . the threat of the backlighted landscape before they , the SUN glare making clarity of vision difficult . camera pan up river . the mounted infantry cross to the far back , the union jack held proudly aloft . 87 . river bank . two punt , carry redcoate soldier be be haul across the water by row of basutos on the opposite bank . as they unload , the soldier immediately form into column . 88 . the first ox - wagon be drive out of the river , with much shouting and encouragement from the drover and watch soldier . there be general activity everywhere . 89 . low shot . the wheel of the wagon and the basuto 's foot be see trudging through the slop of mud . 90 . long shot of camp . a column of basutos be see walk towards the camp . the white tent be dominant in the background . 91 . switch to chelmsford , see mount on horseback . he survey the proceedings through a pair of binocular . 92 . camera pan to discover vereker , on horseback , lead the troop of sikali horse across the river . 93 . camera pick up a calm lt . RAW as he cross amidst the multitude . 94 . close up of vereker . with gritt determination he spur he horse onward up the bank . 95 . sot . william be see seat upon a cover wagon about to enter the water . pte . william be on foot try to instruct the animal . pte . william ( push one of the animal from the rear ) come on ox . sgt . william out ! not the ox 's arse , you bloody idiod ( pte . william return to push the side of the wagon ) . 23 get them in line ! ( pte . william lose he foot , slip into the water . he be fully immerse ) . pte . william serg ' ah , I be drown sergeant . ( he stand and we see that the water only come up to he knee ) . sgt . william Williams , what the bloody ' ell do you mean by ' aving the sante name as I ? pte . william sorry serg ' ( he struggle onward through the water ) . 96 . coghill & melvill be see crossing . 97 . more oxen cross . 98 . a column of redcoat carry rifle be see stride onward . the sikali horse ride past in the foreground . 99 . wide angle . both side of the river be see . redcoat climb the hill in the foreground . everywhere seem more settle . 100 . camera again pick up the sikali horse . they ride across screen in close foreground to reveal a stationary vereker on horseback . norris -newman ride towards he . he have a red claret - and - port-drinker 's face and be wear civilian bush - clothes include a huge bush -hat . norris -newman do you think cetshwayo will send a party to greet you , Mr vereker ? vereker ( calmly stroking he horse ) oh they be here alright . we just have to make sure they do not get back to announce we . norris -newman you mean you have see they ? without answer , vereker turn he horse towards the hill . break into a gallop , he shout the command : vereker forward sikali ! norris - newman watch through he binocular , then turn he horse back towards the camp . 24 101 . ext . riverbank opposite rorke' drift . day close up of chelmsford . we see the view through he binocular . he be watch norris - newman enter the camp . crealock approach on horseback . they exchange salute . chelmsford what 's that strange name the newspaper chap 's call ? crealock er , call nogg , Sir actual name be norris -newman . he present credential from " the Standard " . chelmsford we runner bare he dispatch , do they not ? crealock ( smiling ) of course , Sir they exchange know look and turn they horse about towards camp . 102 . ext . switch to river . close to camp - rorke' drift . day . a long line of natal native company be transport wooden box of ammunition on they shoulder across the river . v.0. of a brusque nco be hear : nco come on lad , it 's only a river ! ( the nco be see in close up in the foreground ) . 103 . lieutenant colonel hamilton - brown , a rough kishman , and old campaigner join in : hamilton -brown 104 . 105 . come on you piss -arse lot , get this bastard across . it 's only water come along you idle scum , let 's ' ave yer hamilton - brown ride away as we see a native fall into the water under he burden . chelmsford and he company cross the river . natal native company be see again , still struggle across the river . the nco 's voice be hear : nco I will ' ave you gut fer garter ! 25 106 . on the far bank chelnisford and he company be see riding to meet norris - newman . chelmsford a historical moment , gentlemen . norris - newman Excuse I , my Lord . ( introduce himself ) norris - Newman , of " the Standard " , my Lord . chelmsford 1 see you lead we cavalry sir norris - newman indeedldid , mylord . itwas one ofthe first to cross . chelmsford be they in good heart as they enter enemy territory ? norris -newman they spur onto high ground , my Lord , full of spirit and look for the Zulu . full of sport they be , my Lord . chelmsford tell what you see . write it well , Sir , and make sure you get it right norris -newman if I have get it right , my Lord , you lead a invasion into Zululand , for I see it all around I , but " why ? " be the question my reader will ask . " why ? " chelmsford do not confuse yourse{fi why ? we must strike a heavy blow . this can not be a war of manoeuvre . norris -newman so attack be you defence . well let 's hope cetshwayo will offer he impis full destruction . chelmsford my only fear be that the Zulu will avoid the engagement he turn he horse about and he company follow as norris - newman look on in amazement . 107 . camera pan to follow chelmsford and he company as they ride to the foot of the hill . 108 . we see the view through chelmsford 's binocular . he spot vereker with the sikali horse . 26 109 . norris - newman have catch up with chelmsford : norris -newman I have it , my Lord , we attack for sport - or be it reputation ? chelmsford ( lower he binocular ) enough of you politick , nogg . norris -newman I know you view on the usefulness of the Press , my Lord , but the englishman back home want to know what he regiment be do . chelmsford ( resuming he gaze through the binocular ) then I trust you will tell he exactly what you have observe J 110 . qm bloomfield pull a drown basuto from the river onto the bank . he remove the man 's ammunition belt . lt . harford approach . he be on horseback . bloomfield look at that waste . five round ruin Mr haiforj each round have to be account for . lo. harford ( refer to the basuto ) it 's terrible . quite dreadfuL something must be do . bloomfield ( stand ) if they would be put back in they box ( move towards harford ) . box band and screw down proper like , as his lordship order , nothing would have happen to they , Sir lt . harford I be talk about we drown native , quartermaster ! bloomfield native be not on my invoice , Mr haiford . . ammunition be , and ' as to be account for . and the brass cartridge case return . 111 . in disgust , lt . harford turn he horse about . he meet hamilton - brown at the top of the bank . lt . harford several of we native go under shouldn 't we have a rolicall Colonel ? hamilton -brown not practical , lad .. .we haven 't have time to make up the roll yet besides , I be not sure how many we have before the crossing . hamilton -brown canter away . 27 lt . harford follow reluctantly , not enthralled by this show of callousness . 112 . a Zulu recognisance party be see atop the ridge . they view the scene below . 113 . vereker and the sikali horse ascend the ridge . 114 . the infantry - the twenty fourth Foot -~ fan out in section , alert to possible attack , and make for the high ground . 115 . chelmsford 's party ride by below . 116 . one of the Zulu 's fire a warning shot into the air . 117 . vereker halt he company , as do chelmsford . 118 . the guilty Zulu 's voice boom out from above : why do you come to the land of the Zulu ? 119 . lo. melvill turn about in he saddle to address chelmsford . melvill May ianswer , Sir ? chelmsford by all mean , Mr. melvill . melvill ( move he horse forward a few pace , he bellow a reply ) we come here by the order of the great Queen Victoria . Queen of all Africa . there be a moment of silence : vereker ( give the order ) forward ! 120 . melvill turn to face he redcoat . melvill company , advance ! 121 . turn to a member of he party : chelmsford Major , send the troops . 122 . there be a steady advance up the hill . the Zulus turn , scramble through the undergrowth . 28 123 . the sikali approach . one of the Zulus turn and stand he ground . he thrust he assegai at he foe dismount the sikali from he horse . in a second the Zulu jump astride the horse but he escape be prevent by a offend shot from another sikali . 124 . more sikali advance . they bring down several more Zulus . 125 . a group of four Zulus converge on one sikali . they pull he off he horse into a crop of rock . one Zulu manage to mount the horse and ride away encourage by the other . vereker notice this . slowly and deliberately he remove he rifle from he saddle , take aim and then fire . the dead warrior fall to the ground . 126 . a group of lancer track one zulu . the lead lancer approach , guide he horse expertly . he feint with the downstroke of he lance . the zulu lower he shield . the lancer , on the zulu now , use the up -stroke to impale the zulu to a tree . noggs ride near the incident . 127 . chelmsford have survey the incident through he binocular . 128 . melvill ( to nogg ) well do , sir.. do you see , that nogg ? he deceive he with the up and take he with the down . noggs ( study the decease Zulu from he horse ) well , well this one 's a grandfather at least if he would be a Zulu in he prime , I would have give odd against you lancer , Mr melivill 129 . chelmsford return he binocular to they case . chelmsford welt , gentlemen , first blood to we and a rouse good report in the newspaper to satisjy the politician , eh ? 130 . ext.campatrorke'sdrift . dusk . Camp -fire be see and the sound of neigh horse be hear as the camera follow a small troop of horseman and wagon cross the river . the camera pan towards the sunset as the " last Post " be hear . 131 . ext . cetshwayo's kraal . first dawn 29 the royal impis squat as they listen to they King . huge , powerful , glower . he hold the royal trident spear in he hand as he stride before they . cetshwayo my warrior , we people be hungry . we must gather the crop that will feed we through the Winter but first we must defend we land ... from that who would steal the fruit of we labour . the british have break they promise .. and cross the buffalo River into we home - land . we must fight to survive . a huge hiss sound come from the multitude . assegais thrust to the sun red sky . cetshwayo point westward . cetshwayo we must kill ! all zulus usutu ... usutu ... usutu .. ( " kill " ) 132 . Black outline against the rise red sun , assegais and shield rattling , the Zulus hail they King , pledge loyalty to the death . 133 . longshot . earlymorning . the full splendour of the mountain can be see through the mist . the country , wide - roll , be beautiful , but empty . 134 . the camp be silent . all men' eye be towards the mountain . chelmsford , seat , view the sight through he telescope . crealock & pulleine be close by . melvill approach on horse -back . he address pulleine : melvill ( salute ) we be ready to move out , ColoneL pulleine ( address chelmsford ) my Lord , we be prepare to move armour to er chelmsford you destination , Colonel ? pulleine um isil ' ... ( he have difficulty pronounce the word ) crealock ( with exact pronounciation ) isandhlwana . four mile further than that tallest hill follow the track and it will lead we to the slope of the mountain . 30 pulleine ( with quiet contemplation ) isandhlwana . ..y .... chelmsford ( lean away from he telescope ) isandhlwana . 135 . the army prepare to MARCH jnland from the river . 136 . chelmsford be army , with ox - wagon seven -abreast , come to life and proceed to lumber noisily toward the peak . 137 . melvill be company of redcoat , guard the leave flank of the wagon , march , rifle at the ready . platoon move tactically , one section of each platoon be always in a defensive position . 138 . tension everywhere . drover glance anxiously upwards . empty of visible sign of the enemy , the hill be no less threaten . 139 . melvill ( on horseback ) approach the lead wagon drive by bloomfield & boy -pullen . melvill I want you wagon in a extend line , quartermaster , but not too extend , or my company can ' tprotect they . no more than fifty foot between each one . bloomfield Sir ~ melvill return to the flank bloomfield ( to boy - pullen ) if they be too close together , the stupid thing ' ii walk into each other and you can sit on you arse for a good four hour . turn about on he seat he address the train under he command : bloomfield come on lad , keep they wagon move . no more than fifty foot keep them move . keep them move . 140 . coghill , stationary , astride he horse watch the movement . coghill ( address melvill ) there melvill , there stretch out be my Lord chelmsford ' 5 Army . ( spur he horse onward ) what a wondeiful adventure we undertake . what a marvellous spree . coghill & melvill break into a canter . 31 141 . various shot of the incessant movement forward . 142 . shout , command , the move into zululand have start with urgency . 143 . ext . zululand east of isandhlwana . hot sunny day . fannin , a short , fat English settler , in he thirty , gross -feature , ride sleepily over sloping terrain . behind he , on foot , several black African retainer follow desultorily . fannin snort , sweat , appear generally fat and unhealthy . he halt he horse and remove a bottle from he saddle - bag . he take a large swig from the remain liquid and discard the bottle . 144 . fannin reach the top of a animal track at the top of a ridge . look down he spot several zulus herding a small group of cattle . the zulus shout call of alarm . 145 . turn around to give order to he retainer , fannin spot they scramble down the slope away from the zulus . 146 . as fannin return to face front , he gape as he notice that the valley be black with zulu impis . they be run-mamarch towards the west . no noise save the discipline swish of thousand of foot in the dust . 147 . fannin hesitates , realize he 's be spot , quicky , cruelly jerk he horse 's head round and spur over the ridge into the next valley . 148 . uhama call out and mbilini , bayele & another , with uhama , sprint up the ridge in pursuit of fannin . as they mount the crest , they see fannin belting down the far side in search of safety . uhama stop the other three momentarily from continue the chase . uhama follow the white man , let he see you . he will lead you to the soldier . then , let the white Soldiers take you . when they think they have break you tell they that the impis be in the East 149 . ext . zululand near isandhlwana . day . the three Zulus set off in pursuit of fannin . Riding desperately , fannin , he mouth open in fear and he shoulder heaving with effort , drive he tired horse over the rough country . fannin peer about . huge pistol in he hand , he spot mbilini and fire . mbilini ' die ' dramatically , but when fannin ride on , mbilini come to life , grin and join the other to track fannin . 32 150 . vereker and sikali appear beyond the next ridge . spot fannin , vereker give the signal to advance . 151 . fannin reach vereker 's party . fannin Zulu Zulu ! fannin droops in he saddle , too tired to talk . he manage to dismount . vereker ( offer a drink from he hip - flask ) here . fannin I be ill .. dozen of Zulus follow I . I must have shot five , six , ten , I lose count . they just keep come . blood curdle swine . 152 . vereker look down the slope at the three Zulus who have now be apprehend by the sikali . fannin drink again . his avid , greedy behaviour do not enamour he rescuer . vereker why do they attack you ? fannin I discover they Army , you honour a valley full of they and beyondt vereker Army ? what Army ? fannin Beyond they hill , Sir and come this way . vereker survey the area . the terrain be empty . 153 . a conceal Zulu scout watch stolidly at the distance reduce figure below . ST 154 . the camp at isandhlwana . 21 JANUARY . 6.oopm chelmsford 's party ride into camp . 155 . pulleine be seat at a table outside he tent . he be smoking and study a document as sgt . murphy pour red wine into he tankard . vereker cross in front of the table . pulleine Officer vereker , er , would you mind I ask you to take a look at this map ? 33 vereker ( returning to the table ) by all mean , ColoneL pulleine you see 156 . the elderly & young boer see earlier approach pulleine elderly floer you wagon , Colonel pulleine what about my wagon ? elderly boer on a open slope like this , you must bring you wagon round and form they into a laager and do it immediately 157 . chelmsford and he lancer arrive at pulleine 's tent . chelmsford dismount and address pulleine . chelmsford I hear you have prisoner , Colonel , well do . ( to vereker ) good evening , William . pulleine thank you , Sir vereker good evening , Frederick . I think you should hear this . ( to elderly boer ) you be say you brother didn 't laager he camp right ? elderly boer they have seventy - three in they party . we find seventy - three skeleton six month later chelmsford ( after a moment 's reflection ) boer require to laager with only afew wagon , we have many . a unassailable square of british firepower be a defence which can be jbrme in a moment the boer start to move away . chelmsford you be leave we master boer ? the elderly boer turn elderly boer I be go to camp among the rock over there . 34 the boer exit . pulleine ( address chelmsford ) my Lord , Mr Fannin , er ( pick up and refer to the map ) claim to have see the Zulu impis , some few thousand or so , in this valley . close up of map location . chelmsford unlikely ( use he riding crop as a pointer ) most unlikely . it would mean take 24,000 man over mountain top . this be not helpfuL have the prisoner bring to my camp . 158 . ext . battlefield isandhlwana . evening . the three Zulu prisoner be tie to two wagon . a corporal be administer a serious beat to bayele . vereker approach . vereker ( indicating to cease the punishment ) alright corporal anything ? corporal no sir , no . vereker turn to the prisoner at the other wagon . vereker be sensible man , tell we . the prisoner maintain he silence as vereker walk away in dismay . 159 . redcoat and natal native soldier , in they separate quarter , clean they rifle , carefully oiling the barrel and work . vereker pass russell busy oiling the elevate mechanism on he rocket tube . russell ( to vereker ) good evening . ( refer to the job in hand ) dirty work , eh ? vereker ( in reply ) very dirty . ( to himself ) very dirty . 160 . int . chelmsford's tent . chelmsford be seat . pulleine and crealock stand behind he . fannin be stand to one side beside the desk . vereker converse with two of the prisoner in Zulu . 35 pulleine what do they say ? vereker Claim they be deserter from the main impis in the East . follow this way so they could give themselves up , go home . pulleine do you believe that ? vereker oh they body be well oile . they be feed regularly , but it 's unlikely they be the fugitive they say . chelmsford have they question further vereker exit with the prisoner . chelmsford ( rising to address fannin at the desk ) they claim the Zulu impis be East towards the Royal kraal , and yet this fellow say they be further towards the North . ( he pick up the map ) . fannin wherever they be , you worship , there be sixty thousand or more chelmsford they multiply , Mr Fannin . you do speak the Zulu tongue , do you ? fannin nod . chelmsford and tomorrow I intend to find the Zulu impis , Mr Fannin , and you will accompany I . fannin er , I be no soldier , you honour , and it 's further into Zululand . chelmsford you will accompany I , Mr Fannin , or you will be arrest . ( he give pulleine a glance as a indication to dismiss fannin ) pulleine this way , Mr Fannin . chelmsford crealock we have scout out in the direction he claim he see the Zulus ? 36 crealock chelmsford of course , sir. and ? crealock the only report of enemy activity have come from the direction of the Royal kraal , at ulundi . chelmsford thank you . crealock exit as chelmsford continue to study the map . 161 . boy - pullen stand on top of a wagon gaze at the sunset . bloomfield be check store . boy - pullen clamber down and walk over to bloomfield . boy-pullen why don 't the Zulus attack ? bloomfield Zulu may not wear shoe or trousers and the like but it don 't mean to say they get no brain . they will watch we and wait and find we weakness . study he clipboard , bloomfield cross into foreground . boy-pullen have we weakness , quartermaster ? bloomfield do not answer . he stride forward out of shot . boy - pullen turn , place he bugle to he lip & play " the last Post " . 162 . ext . zululand eastofbuffalo night . the camp be quiet - but wakeful at the imminence of battle . blackness . 163 . pte . william be on sentry - go . there be man seat around a camp fire , pte . storey sit on the back of a wagon , smoking . pte . william stare into the black night . insect noise , a horse neigh . he hear something more alarming . his eye widen , he grip on he rifle tighten . he listen again . he move to the front of the wagon , convinced he have hear something . returning to the rear he address storey . pte . william what be that , storey ? 37 storey ( lean forward ) what ? piss off I never hear nothing . ( after a moment 's reflection ) I don 't think . pte . william well I do . stand to . ( he position he rifle at the ready ) . tutting , storey throw he cigarette to the ground . he stand , reluctantly . the other do not move . pte . william ( in a force whisper to the other ) stand to ! ignoring he , all but one remain seat . one other have light a torch from the fire . 164 . this pte . proceed to sgt . william ' tent . pte . stand to , colour sergeant . sgt . william ( from within he tent ) who give the order ? private Williams , Sir pte . sgt . william ( emerging from he tent ) I have gotta see this . 165 . sgt . william have reach the wagon . pte . william be still aim he rifle into the blackness . sgt . william do you call ' stand to ' , private Williams ? pte . william nod , still listen . storey I didn 't hear nothing , serg ' . sgt . william look at storey . his face show complete contempt for pte . william . then he hear something also . it be the approach sound of horse hoof . sgt . william ( with sudden urgency ) well stand to! damn you ! pte . william take out he bayonet and attempt to fix it . sgt . 38 william lay a hand on he arm as if to replace the bayonet back in it 's scabbard . sgt . william no . you have do well fer once . Don ' tpush yer luck ! pte . william ( he continue to attach he bayonet ) iheard them first sgt . william ( with sarcasm ) I will get you a medal for modesty , private Williams , would you like that ? pte . william you never would , colour sergeant a medal ? 166 . there be loud noise of advance body come directly towards they . from the blackness : durnford ( v.0 . ) Colonel durnford here . sgt . william ( to pte . william ) easy , lad . as durnford and he escort of fifty mount basutos approach , sgt . william salute . sgt . william just follow the track , Sir , you ' 11 come to Lord chelmsford ' 5 head quarter . durnford ( spur he horse onward ) sergeant sgt . william get down , lad . the line of sentries relax , unfix they bayonet and most proceed to return to they sleep bag . pte . william be deflate almost to the point of tear . sgt . william you do well keep it up laJ keep it up . a smile reappear upon pte . william face . he resume he watch with renew enthusiasm . 167 . int . chelmsford's tent night . 39 chelmsford be seat on he bed . durnford stand before he distress , blink at he commander 's verbal assault . chelmsford you intend to bring you reserve across the river ? durnford I have receive intelligence from , source of my own that the Zulu impis be move North of here and threaten you leave . chelmsford Intelligence ? source of you own ? do it not occur to you they may be native rumour ? rumour to draw you off - to leave the whole of natal open to a possible counter thrust durnford ( after a beat ) cetshwayo want a head on battle . a decisive victory , so that he people can get on with the one battle that be life and death for he Nation - a delay harvest chelmsford be you dictating the strategy of this war , Sir ? durnford I be explain my reason . crealock enter the tent . chelmsford yes ? crealock a large party of Zulus have be sighted in the direction of the King 's kraal get up , chelmsford move over to look at the map on he desk . 168 . close up of map as chelmsford pick up a pair of divider and measure the distance between isandhlwana and ulundi . 169 . chelmsford turn to face the two man . chelmsford tomorrow we will continue we advance on ulundi . dumford , kindly return to you unit bring they here immediately to support pulleine . Mr vereker will join you as adc . do you understand I clearly ? durnford and the threat of counter invasion no longer exist ? 40 170 . 171 . Colonel , if on another occasion you flout my direct order I shall reluctantly relieve you of you commanJ durnford exit in silence . crealock walk over to the map . crealock perhaps he have think to conquer Zululand on he own , my lorj close up of chelmsford as he nod in silent agreement . the camp at isandhlwana . 22n9 JANUARY . 7.ooam . reveille be hear . chelmsford emerge from he tent with vereker . chelmsford chelmsford I trust you to keep I well inform of Colonel durnford and he man when they arrive William . vereker certainly Frederick . chelmsford mount he horse . chelmsford gentlemen , we move to find camp and engage the enemy , and my nose tell I that we may make early contacfl chelmsford and he party move out . vereker look on . 172 . pulleine be stationary , astride he horse . melvill approach on horseback . pulleine Mr melvill , until the reinforcement arrive we will stand to . melvill Sir ( Riding off , he address a bugler ) you there . sound " fall in " . 173 . as chelmsford's column move out , the camera pan away up to the hill to reveal a hide Zulu scout . the rear unit be half - a- mile from the camp . 174 . below , the camp prepare for immediate battle activity everywhere . redcoat line up , buckle on they pack and pouch . 175 . pulleine , melvill & coghill , all on horseback , be engage in conversation . 41 pulleine ( to coghill ) huge expanse to keep a eye on . ( refer to nqutu Range ) would you mind riding over to Stuart Smith & ask he to bring he artillery about ? coghill Sir ( Riding off ) pulleine oh , Mr melvill , kindly send a lookout tell he to call out the instant he spy Colonel durnford 's column come to reinforce we . melvill depart . 176 . coghill arrive at stuart smith 's area . coghill Stuart ? stuart smith yes . coghill how quickly can you move you artillery forward ? stuart smith well , my horse be feed , as you may observe , Mr coghill . it will take a little while . coghill well , feed or hungry , pulleine want they in position immediately . ( he depart ) . stuart smith right . ( address one of he man ) bombardier , to I please . 177 . close up of a concerned look pulleine . 178 . various shot of chelmsford's column move forward . l'79 . close in on chelmsford as he ride to meet noggs ( norris - newman ) chelmsford what o'clock be it , Mr nogg ? norris - newman eleven o'clock , my lorj 42 chelmsford we friend Colonel dumford will be should be at this minute approach pulleine . I think we will eat here . I want to scout that mountain top and be back with a appetite in one hour . ( he turn he horse about ) . crealock Sir 180 . durnford arrival at isandhlwana . 22nd JANUARY . 1 1.ooam durnford column pound down the slope into the camp . it be welcome with relief , tension everywhere relax and smile be see . there be call and greeting between the force . 181 . area between wagon . bayele and the other zulu captive hold for question be tie up to wagon in a area somewhat screen from the camp . mbilini be on the ground , he foot and hand be bound . two sentries guard they . mbilini lie almost unconscious , tongue lolling , from the rope that bind he . evidence of the beat he have undergone be extensive . the two redcoat sentries run forward to see durnford column arrive , momentarily leave the captive . bayele ( to mbilini with whisper ) my brother we must warn we King . I will call the white soldier back . can you still move to help I ? mbilini nod . bayele ( shout ) Guard . Guard ! the two sentries turn . one addrese the other : sentry i'llfix ' im , serg ' he start to walk back to the wagon . bayele continue to shout . sentry shut that yellin ' up , you ' ear I ! ( he reach the wagon ) do you ' ear I ? shut up ! 43 as he pass mbilini on the ground , the warrior thrust he truss leg between the sentry's leg . the sentry stumble to the ground , he head near bayele be foot . he immediately start to rise but before he can , bayele have lift he powerful foreleg waist high in stamp position and bring it down with a sicken crunch onto the sentry be lower neck . now all be desperate speed . under bayele be direction , mbilini stretch to the unconscious sentry and manage to take he bayonet with he bound foot . 182 . intercut with shot of durnford arrival in camp . 183 . cut the rope about he neck , mbilini suceed in rise to he foot , manage to get the bayonet blade to bayele be bond . between they the first rope be cut . as bayele be hand be freed , the sentry on the ground start to regain consciousness . take the bayonet from mbilini , bayele thrust the weapon into the sentry's back kill he . he remove the bayonet from the sentry's body and also take a knife from the redcoat 's scabbard which he hand to mbilini . together they free the third Zulu tie to the other wagon . make they escape , they edge beyond the wagon . crouch low , they run up the slope and head for the North . 184 . but all british eye be to the East or on durnford be column . durnford dismount , take in the encampment . pulleine exceedingly pleased to greet you , Sir durnford ColoneL I see you be ' stand to. ' perhaps the man could eat with they equipment unbuckle . pulleine oh yes , of course . excellent idea , good . oh , Mr melvill , order " stand down " , will you ? melvill Sir ~ ( he turn he horse about ) pulleine please . ( indicating that durnford follow he ) pulleine & durnford walk out of shot as melvill be see in the background . 44 melvill sergeant stand the man down would you . 185 . 8 mwe east of isandhlwana . road to ulundi . 22nd JANUARY . 1145am . 186 . close up of pencil draw in progress . the artist be reveal as be crealock . his composition be of a stationary wagon . 187 . noggs observe . Glass of claret in hand , he make he way towards crealock . noggs crealock , old fellah ( sitting beside he ) . I be do note for my dispatch and I need to clear up afew military point . I don 't want to bother his lordship . have it drumm into my thick skull that a good Commander never willingly split he force , especially in a enemy 's country before know they disposition . crealock have continue to sketch throughout nogg ' banter . crealock ah , yes , if we be face a european enemy armed with gun I think you point would hold , nogg . further , may I remind you I do not create the strategy you wish to comment on . I be only he lordship 's Secretary . ( he give noog a smug smile ) . noggs with a slight chuckle he lean closer to crealock . I wouldn 't take overly comfort from that crealock old fellah because if ~he sink , then you sink with he . nogus depart , as crealock look up for a moment and then continue with he draw . 188 . ext . pulleine be h.q. tent . isandhlwana . day . durnford , vereker & pulleine be seat . they be dining together . the occasion be incredibly civilise . the table be laid with a white linen cloth , silver cutlery , condiment and wine glass contain claret . durnford ( toying with the wine in he glass ) so , you have be ask to look after I , Lieutenant ? vereker well I assure you , Sir , I have no desire to create difficulty . 45 durnford and I assure you , you do not in fact I would be oblige for you best advice . what have you scout see ? vereker so far only they scout . but we have have report of a small impi farther north , over there . ( he turn to indicate the area to he leave ) pulleine his lordship be of the certain opinion that it 's far too difficult a approach to be choose by the Zulu command . durnford ( look to the North ) yes , well difficulty never deterr a Zulu commander . ( returning he gaze to vereker ) how many ? vereker we don 't know . durnford ( after a moment 's reflection ) I think it would be wise to picket the hill . just in case . vereker rise and collect he hat , exit to carry out durnford ' S instruction . durnford return to he meal . 189 . ext . nqutu plateau day moving shot . durnford ride out alone . 190 . vereker , S.M. kambula , officer and a troop of sikali horse ride out of camp into the foreground . 191 . camera pan the vast African countryside . vereker ' S column be see in the distance . camera stop to reveal a zulu scout in the foreground . he be hide by a tree . on spying the soldier , he turn to two young zulu boy behind he . he shout instruction that they draw attention to themselves by move they herd of cattle . 192 . durnford , now with kambula , reach the top of a rise . he stop and kambula hand he a pair of binocular . surveying the land he spot vereker be column . handing the binocular back to kambula , he spur he horse onward . 193 . vereker' column come over a rise to see the cattle be urge to the lip of the plateau . RAW ( point to the cattle ) there 's steak on the hoof Sir . vereker ( pause for a moment ) sikal4 forward ! 46 kick they horse and whooping , the soldier give chase . the zulus try to flee but in vain . one soldier , trooper jame , aim he rifle at one of the zulus and fire . vereker , hearing the shot , ride towards trooper jame , but stop when he get to the zulu boy who be lie motionless on the ground . dismount , vereker go over to the body and look down at the dead boy with compassion . 194 . trooper jame spur to the lip , exultant , keen to kill . he rein he horse abruptly . holding it still , he stare at the valley before he . suddenly all energy leave he body . he stare in disbelief . lo. RAW be beside he . jame ( Calling , he voice unbely ) Mr. vereker ! Mr. vereker ! come and look at this , Sir ! vereker ( Riding into shot he address jame ) you have just manage to bring down a boy of twelve . jame do not respond . he stare straight ahead . follow he gaze , vereker spot what James have find before he . 195 . ext . waterhole . valley near isandhlwana . day . the valley they overlook be fill with Zulus , cetshwayo 's main impi . Close - pack , sit in silence , cover the whole of the valley floor and perching on every inch of its rise side , be twenty thousand warrior . they have find the long seek main impi . vereker ( utter disbelief ) my God , we have find they . 196 . ext . nqutuplateau . day silence vereker , RAW & jame stare down at the Zulu impis . 197 . ext . valleynearisandhlwana . day . the Zulus look up . bayele , who stand apart , look first at he warrior , then up to the English . he shout the order to advance . chant , the Zulus rise and start to clamber up towards the plateau . 198 . ext . nqutu plateau . day vereker ( still stunne , he address RAW ) warn the camp . tell chelmsforj inform his lordship we have find what he 's look for . 47 RAW ( turn he horse about ) yes , sir. vereker order he troop to line up face the Zulu . vereker sikali , forward ! the mass of Zulus have start to cover the North strip of the plateau . vereker Fire ! more and more Zulus mount the crest come into formation . the trooper be amaze at the sheer weight of enemy number . vereker be troop fire volley steadily , the Zulus now six hundred yard away . some Zulus fall but the mass , get into discipline rank , advance implacably towards they . vereker give the order to retreat . vereker retire ! rerire ! vereker be troop retreat as the zulu follow . 199 . int . pulleine be h.q. tent . isandhlwana . day . pulleine be seat at he desk . he be write a letter . he look up as he hear distant gunfire . 200 . ext . pulleine's camp . isandhlwana . day . bloomfield walk through the kitchen area . he stop and look to the hill as he too hear gunfire . 201 . int . tent . isandhlwana . day boy - pullen , storey and another be have a game of card . boy - pullen look up , alert . he too have hear something . storey nudge he . storey oy ! goon. what 'redoin ' ? boy -pullen dismiss he concern and continue with the game . 202 . int . melvill's tent . isandhlwana . day . 48 melvill be seat , relaxed , he foot up on he desk . he be drink from a tankard . another officer lie recline , smoking . on hearing gunshot , melvill jump up , run outside the tent . melvill Don 't tell I the Zulu manage to get up there after alt 203 . ext . camp . isandhlwana . day . lt . RAW ride into shot . RAW Zulu ! 204 . moving shot . camera follow RAW as he ride up to pulleine be tent and dismount . RAW they be here . pulleine emerge from he tent . RAW I have send to Lord chelmsforct pulleine bugler . sound " the alert " . bugler run into foreground . close up as he sound " the alert " . 205 . pte . william be feed the horse . on hearing the " the alert " he jump to attention run out of shot . after a beat he return to collect he helmet which be position on top of one of post . 206 . boy - pullen & storey emerge from they tent . there be troops scramblingeverywhere . v.0 . fall in ! at the double ! heavy artillery move into and out of shot . 207 . 208 . 209 . pulleine & melvill , both on horseback , watch the proceedings . ext . battlefield . isandhlwana . day . sgt . william be rallying a company of redcoat . sgt . william wheel them in ! wheel them in ! wheel them in ! come on now . tighten that rank ! coghill , on horseback survey the rank from the rear . 49 210 . a young boy -soldier walk in front of the redcoat . he carry a armful of marker . with he be storey . sgt . william private storey . get that marker peg out at the double . storey serg ' ! sgt . william one every ' undre yard storey ( to Boy soldier ) come on boy , scamper . sgt . william and bugler , make sure he peg them in a straight line - towards the enemy ! 211 . russell & he man with a group of natal native run forward to position the rocket . russell ( through clench tooth as he work ) hold they please God three minute please hold they ! ( with increase urgency ) come on , come on , come on . come on man ! 212 . storey be pace out the marker on the battlefield . the boy soldier follow he . storey ninety two , ninety three , ninety four , ninety five , ninety six , ninety seven , nighty eight , ninety nine ( come to a standstill ) what 's next , boy ? boy soldier stand motionless . he stare towards the horizon . storey oy . you useless little bastard . come 'ere . scamper . boy soldier ( point behind storey ) look. look ! storey turn to look . 213 . vast mass of Zulus appear over the horizon . they be chant , menace like a fast approach swarm of bee . 214 . closer shot of the Zulus as they approach . they assegais poise high above they head at the ready . 50 215 . camera pan to the tiny white tent of the camp in the distance . the small company of redcoat be see before they and for the first time it be obvious just how outnumber they be . 216 . ext . zululand east of isandhlwana . day . chelmsford & crealock admire the pleasant surroundings . they walk towards a canopy dining area . servant have prepare a magnificent table . Silver dish , polished beautifully and gleam in the hot sun , be carry from a small field kitchen behind a screen . chelmsford splendid site , crealock , splendil I want to establish Camp here immediately . crealock certainly , Sin stand around the table be several officer include hamilton - brown , harford & milne . noggs be also present . as chelmsford sit , so do the other . hamilton -brown stand apart , drink uneasily . chelmsford after lunch , Brown , I want you to return to isandhlwana and instruct Colonel pulleine to join we here immediately . hamilton -brown ( down the content of he glass ) if you ' 11 excuse I , my Lord . chelmsford no appetite , Colonel ? ( he indicate to a nearby servant to refill he glass ) . hamilton -brown my man haven 't eat since yesterday and there win 't be any supplies until I get they back to isandhlwana . chelmsford well they can start off now and you can join they when you have eat . hamilton -brown kind of you , my Lord . but I do not think it would be proper for I to sit at you table while they be with they belly stick to they backbone . exit . 51 harford ( rising to leave ) Excuse I , sir. chelmsford learn nothing from that irishman , hafforj behave . harford yes , Sir . except , how not to General ad. lib . smug laughter , bang of cutlery on table and cry of " here , here " . 217 . solitary sikali horseman approach chelmsford 's camp . 218 . return to dining table . the meal be now over . chelmsford cut the end off a cigar with a silver cigar-cutter . noggs be peel a apple with a silver fruit knife . crealock walk into shot . he speak in chelmsford be ear . crealock a strange message from vereker , my Lord . it would seem pulleine have a battle on he hand . no detail . no intelligence . crealock resume he place at table as chelmsford turn to the other . chelmsford Mr. milne . kindly take you telescope to a high point note the event at isandhlwana . milne Sir . ( he leave ) . chelmsford also rise and leave the table . 219 . close - up of crealock , then noog . they both share a sense of forebode . 220 . chelmsford walk slowly and deliberately towards a empty wagon . he go to the front and lean against the front panel , lower he head . he want to be alone . 221 . ext . battlefield . isandhlwana . day . shot of the zulu army . they stand , chant , beat they weapon against they shield , ready to attack . 52 222 . camera pan back to reveal the vast enormity of the zulu army in comparison to the small company of redcoat . 223 . various close - ups of kneel redcoat , poise , rifle at the ready . they face reveal the terror of the reality before they . 224 . there be a uniform , discipline , victorious shout from the zulu impi : zulu imi'i usutu ... . usutu ! only three hundred yard away , the Zulu impi advance , vastly outnumber they enemy ahead . 225 . close - up of pte . william . extremely nervous , he look to sgt . wlliam for reassurance . sgt . william remove a ceremonial sash from he inside pocket and place it defiantly over he tunic . he wink at pte . william who return to face the Zulu with renew confidence . 226 . durnford lead he column onto the battlefield . dismount , the company take up it 's position and commence to fire a volley . durnford ( still on horseback ) steady man . steady . steady now . ( address one of he man ) sergeant sgt . yes , Sir . durnford ride to Lord chelmsford . ride toward ulundi . tell he the battle he long for have start and he need to move here quickly . quickly . yes , ColoneL sgt . 227 . cavaye' and mostyn' companie the last echo of the " stand to " be hear . russell be man fire a rocket and then another . they sail erratically over the head of the zulu impi . the third , however , find it 's target and strike at the centre of the advance warrior . 228 . storey and boy soldier run forward hurriedly try to position they marker . storey all right , this ' 11 do . ( stop , he hand boy soldier he rifle ) here , grab that . 53 229 . the Zulus be now uncomfortably close . boy soldier stand transfix . boy soldier master . storey ( realizing the close proximity of the enemy ) oh , bugger that . ( he throw the , marker to the ground and seize boy soldier be hand run back towards they own line ) . 230 . still fifty yard away , storey & boy soldier drop to the ground as they own company fire a series of volley in they direction . as the Zulus begin to drop , storey & boy soldier seize the opportunity and return to they foot , again run forward . as another volley be fire , storey & boy soldier again drop to the ground . storey somebody 's not watch we bloody marker . ( get to he foot ) come on , Sunshine . storey attempt to help boy soldier to he foot . the boy 's body be limp , sprawle and bleed . he have be shot in the head . storey oh no . ( bitterly ) come all this bloody way to get shot by a bullet from Birmingham . ( shout to he own line ) shoot straight , you bastard ! storey take the boy' hat and run quickly forward as the zulus advance over the inert body . 231 . the zulu left horn be close at hand . russell work with he bombardier and artillery man to set up the rocket , but they be lose the race with time . russell Fire one . Fire two . russell , recognise the uselessness of he rocket at this point of the battle , draw he sword . he order he bombardier and small troop of artillerymen to line up and face the Zulu . russell fight bravely , as do he troop . it be a few dozen man against hundred . they be inundate by the zulu tide , which be not check . several zulu fall , but russell and he troop be simply overcome and vanish as the left horn continue on its way hence , threaten to cut dumford 's column off from the camp . 232 . pulleine , on horseback , spot the onslaught through he binocular from the camp . vereker ride to meet he . 54 pulleine reinforcement only . and ride to Stuart Smith . let he gun cover durnford for a fall back . vereker yes sir. ( shout ) sikali , follow I . 233 . vereker and he sikali troop leave the camp . pulleine watch before return to he binocular . 234 . stuart smith command the airn and fire of he seven and twelve pounder . vereker ride up from the background . vereker you give I some cover fire for dumford on the right flank . stuart smith Sir . Whole section right ' one of the big gun be bring about to fire at the line to the south which attack durnford . stuart smith Fire ! 235 . close on durnford . he watch in appreciation as the big shell start to land amongst he attacker cause havoc . durnford Fire ! ( recognise the hopelessness of the situation ) retreat ! 236 . the company wheel about to race back to the relative security of a nearby donga . there be sudden turmoil as a group of zulus hurtle over the lower edge of the donga . a fierce hand - to-hand , assegai against bayonet battle ensue as warrior after warrior rise from cover to come over the edge . durnford ride to make sure that fire against the rear line of zulus be maintain to prevent it too from come forward , to secure the temporary breech . 237 . soldier of cavaye' company have withdraw to the camp periphery and now fire in line with mostyn' company , volley after steady volley . coghill and melvill shout order to the rank . coghill choose you target man . that 's right watch that marker . 55 melvill keep steady . you be the best shot of the twenty - fourth . you bunch of heathen , do it 238 . cavaye' company line sot . william walk calmly behind the front line . sgt . willtam present , arm . watch yer marker . watch yer marker . adjust yer sight . storey fire in the line . he search through he pouch for round . storey I be run out of bleedin ' ammunition . ( Calling over he shoulder ) bugle ' bugler what ? storey more ammunition . scamper ! bugler I have bin twice already . storey you can go three time . it win 't do you any ' arm . go on ! run both way . the bugler run towards the ammunition wagon , two hundred yard to the rear . the line fire in volley , work the lever of they breech -loader . coghill ( steady he horse along the line ) keep shoot . storey ( to the soldier next to he ) Soft ' ead bugger this . ( refer to the ammunition ) flatten out against the bone . smash them out storey' mate but bullet run out .. and that bloody spear don 't 239 . ammunition wagon . bloomfield be labour to open another tightly bound and screw down ammunition box while buglers wait in a queue , restive . bloomfield have to stand over the box and exert great pressure on the screwdriver to force the oxidise screw out of they socket . 56 boy-pullen stand at the front of the queue . he be hand out one box of ammunition at a time to each soldier . a natal native reach the head of the queue . as boy - pullen go to hand he some ammunition , bloomfield look up and stride forward . bloomfield pullen ! you will not issue ammuntion from this wagon to any but authorise company . this lot can have they own . ( he snatch the box back from the natal native ) . the natal native do not understand English but he understand what bloomfield mean . he voice he objection in Zulu . bloomfield get to you own wagon . the bugler send by storey be wait impatiently . bugler ( running to the front of the queue ) 'ow long we gotta wait , quartermaster ? bloomfield get back in line , boy . wait you turn . bugler but Sir bloomfield move. bloomfield return to prize open the box . bugler go to return to the end of the queue but turn back to plead with boy - pullen . bugler pullen ? boy -pullen look it be 't my fault . all the top be screw down . redcoat at front of queue come on . I be wait . boy-pullen give the redcoat one box and then hurriedly hand the other to storey' bugler . 240 . frontline . sgt . william present , arm . 57 storey be beginning to panic . the ammunition situation be now become desperate . storey hurry up with that bloody amo increase number be not fire . they glance back with impatience towards the ammunition wagon , space4 five hundred yard apart , where queue of buglers and redcoat wait for round that be distribute too slowly . 241 . ext . zululand . east of isandhlwana . day . chelmsford and he column move slowly and steadily from they Camp towards the West . milne approach on horseback to meet they . milne my Lord , I watch the camp for twenty minute . the haze obscure much . the tent have not be stick . the only thing I could distinguish be the wagon have be move on mass into the camp . chelmsford thank you Mr. milne . inform Colonel crealock , would you ? milne Sir . 242 . camera pan away from chelmsford's column as we see a officer's Pov through binocular . angle change as we see a rider enter the camp and approach lt . harford . 243 . chelmsford be hq . crealock step into a wagon . he turn to address milne who stand outside . crealock thank you , milne . milne salute . harford approach urgently . he remain on horseback and talk to crealock through the open side of the wagon . harford ( out of breath , agitate ) the camp be under attack from a large force of Zulu . Colonel pulleine send for help . crealock calm yourself Mr. haiford . where do you come by this intelligence ? 58 harford durnford 's cavaye himself ride from the camp . crealock very well , go on . harford Colonel harness have already turn with the artillery . crealock ( the severity begin to register ) they have ? I see . ride after Lord chelmsford and acquaint he with you intelligence . harford have start but turn he horse about as crealock call : crealock mn haiford . . control you passion . a professional soldier must keep cool and thoughtful in time of stress . harford look as if he be go to explode but control he feeling and ride after chelmsford . 244 . ext . battlefield . isandhlwana . day vereker gallop hard as do he troop of basuto horsemen . camera track forward , follow they to the donga which durnford companie be defend . horse be in the donga . the troops be fire from the outer lip of the donga . vereker' men provide the much need backup . durnford good work , mn vereker . durnford spur he horse forward . the situation be still desperate . durnford ( shout to he troops ) prepare to fall back . line after line of zulus run forward to join the assault . durnford move the horse ! close on durnford . he signal the next tactic as he ride across the donga . command be issue down the line . the man now disengage and run in the opposite direction from the zulus , leaping into the donga to find they horse and swinging onto saddle to scramble up the far side , gallop 400 yard close to the camp to form a new defence line . 59 " the retreat " be sound . there be hand - to-hand , bayonet , spear , hunt knife and zulus try to assegai the horse . 245 . a handful of redcoat await the zulu as they clamber over the ridge . realization of the vast Zulu number suddenly dawns as they nco shout in desperation : nco take the high grouncit the redcoat be completely overwhelm and be soon lose amidst the zulu onslaught . 246 . durnford companie ride into camp . there be wounded lie everywhere . durnford speed up the ammunition flow , vereker . I will try to hold the road to rorke ' 5 drift . vereker comply . 247 . like a huge tidal wave , the zulus plough they way through the line of redcoat defend the outer perimeter of the camp . durnford ( address S.M. kambula ) sergeant , come with I . durnford and S.M. kambula depart as zulu mercilessly stab at the wounded already on the ground . 248 . sot . william ' men be under serious attack . 249 . the zulus be among the natal native , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing . 250 . the zulu loin be sit some three hundred yard from the battle , face away from it . the zulu loin , two impis of seasoned warrior , start to run towards the gap through which the natal native , zulus and smith's gun be stream . 251 . both line of redcoat be attack from the back , and the line try to fight enemy in front and behind . sgt . william Fire . Fire . Close rank . retreat ! sot . william , pistol in hand , see the danger to the gun . sgt . william save that gun . 60 sot . william grab a pass zulu by the throat . he throw he to the ground and beat he to death . reaching the top of a ridge , he bayonet a zulu scramble up the ridge towards he . withdraw the blade , he turn just in time to bayonet another zulu attack from the rear . sgt . william ( shout & look around desperately ) private Williams ! pte . william ( from just below the ridge ) sgt. Williams ! sgt . william come 'ere . get yourself up 'ere . ( he grab pte . william ' jacket pull he up onto the higher ground ) . pte . william ( struggle ) sir.. . ah !. . . ah ! sgt . william comeon . getup ! 252 . smith's gun be drive away . sgt . william ( helping pte . william to he foot ) you ' 11 get a medal yet , private Williams . at this point sot . william fall to he knee . he have be assegay in the back . pte . william thrust he bayonet over sot . william head , kill the offend zulu . he turn and bayonet another run towards he . sgt . william behind you , lad ! ah no ... ( he be strike again ) but it be too late . a single assegai penetrate pte . william ' back . both sergeant and private die together . 253 . close in on bayele as he lead the zulus onward . 254 . camera follows three sikali horsemen as they gallop towards bloomfield be ammunition wagon . another group of redcoat surround the wagon . bloomfield and boy - pullen serve they with ammunition which be fire with discipline at a rapid rate . bloomfield wait you bloody turn . wait you bloody turn and get in line . ( handing a box to a young private ) there you be , boy . 255 . long shot of the zulus stream across the plain . 61 256 . many of the redcoat have turn and be run for they life . the battleground be awash with red tunic . as the camera pass over the dead , one body suddenly leap to he foot . it be pte . storey . he have be play ' dead ' . running , he make for cover beneath a wagon . he search beyond the mass of zulus for a target . he see the distant indunas , he aim carefully and fire . storey , satisfied with the result , now kneel to the corpse of a fall man beside he . he find lo. cavaye dead . he bend to search he for ammunition . storey find one cartridge , spitting on it for luck , he load , aim and fire . a huge line of zulus run forward and engulf he . 257 . close up of storey be torso beneath the wagon . a assegai protrude from he chest . 258 . sweeping shot . the zulu loin be stream into the camp through the gap in the north and north - east corner . the end be near . 259 . vereker and a trooper gallop towards bloomfield's ammunition wagon . vereker ( to bloomfield ) over here . quickly . bloomfield hand vereker a whole case of ammunition which he pass to the trooper beside he . vereker quickly , trooper . 260 . vereker & trooper approach durnford line with the ammunition . durnford well do , vereker . now goodbye , lad . the pair exchange glance . durnford go on . after a beat , vereker turn he horse about and ride away . durnford sergeand the sergeant take durnford horse by the bit as durnford dismount . 62 261 . close up of the ammunition case as the man frantically try to open it with they bayonet and rifle butt . 262 . close up of durnford . he be fire he pistol . 263 . camera find elder boer in crowd as he be assegay in the back . the fight be hand - to-hand , with a few redcoat have round which they fire with discipline under the command of durnford . 264 . coghill and melvill command the squad of redcoat who form a approximate ring around pulleine be tent . some wagon have be pull forward to form a partial barricade . pulleine stand in the centre . a bugler boy hold the regimental colour be close by . coghill & melvill ride up to pulleine . pulleine well fight , gentlemen . it 's time to save the colour . get to rorke ' 5 drift . you must warn they . ( to bugler boy ) the colour . pulleine take the colour from the bugler boy and hand they to melvill . pulleine carry they to safety Mr. melvill melvill sir. coghill and melvill take the colour , spur through the zulus and head to the gully and ravine that lead to the river . pulleine watch , move back into he tent . 265 . close up of durnford . he look over he shoulder and then back to the zulu before he . he make a decision and move away from the front line . durnford ( to S.M. kambula ) sergeant ! sergeant ! take my horse . up you go . S.M. kambula be help up into the saddle . durnford sergeant , you be to ride back to natal when you see the Bishop tell he ( he pause momentarily ) that be , tell he daughter , I be oblige to remain here with my infantry . now go . God go with you . 63 S.M. kambula I leave God Jesus with you . he leave as camera close in on durnford be face . 266 . smith be gun , at full gallop , sweep through the camp . 267 . various shot of the battle . the battlefield be cover with dead zulu and redcoat body . 268 . bloomfield's ammunition wagon . some of the zulus have pick up burn brand from the cooking fire and be set the wagon on fire . bloomfield & boy - pullen jump down from they wagon , take some case of ammunition with they . move it ! I be try . bloomfield boy-pullen they be only ten yard away when there be a massive explosion . the wagon have burst into flame and the ammunition continue to explode . 269 . close up of bloomfield . he be lie face down on the ground in a state of shock . he slowly turn he head and we see the bloody corpse of boy - pullen . bloomfield be face grimace as he be stab in the back by a unseen assailant . his face fall into the dirt . 270 . int . pulleine'sh.q.tent . day . pulleine be sit inside he tent . he be write a letter to he wife . there be a pistol on the table . bayele enter the tent . pulleine immediately pick up he pistol and aim at bayele . there be a moment 's hesitation from both . pulleine drop he pistol to one side invite bayele to kill he . bayele seize the moment and with one forward fatal thrust , stab pulleine in the heart . pulleine slump onto the desk as bayele leave without remorse . 271 . long pan shot of melvill & coghill as they take the colour out of the camp . 272 . vereker be nearby as a zulu leap out , bring melvill & he horse to the ground . 64 vereker shoot the zulu . melvill get up , hand the colour to coghill and get back up onto he horse . melvill ( to coghill , indicate the colour ) give they to I . ( coghill do so ) come on . come on ! they spur onward , coghill use he t) istol as they do so . 273 . moving shot . a gun carriage charge over the slope . as it do so , the rear gunner be shot and the gun itself become disengage from the rest of the carriage tumble down the slope . 274 . gun carriage in foreground . vereker , coghill & melvill ride over this obstacle ( slow motion ) the colour aloft . 275 . ext . battlefield . isandhlwana . day . high view . durnford be South - East defence position . zoom forward to show the first refugee behind from the camp break out on the South , crossing into the ravine ; they line of exit the same as the gun , defend by durnford ' S troops . 276 . close up of durnford . he load he pistol and turn full circle , realize that he and he troops be surround . jumping up onto a ammunition wagon , he start to target the approach zulus , now only ten yard away . he use all six shot , throw he pistol to one side and pick up a discard assegai from the wagon . as he frantically try to batter a zulu warrior , another zulu aim a rifle straight at he . there be a single shot . durnford , clasp the shoulder of he disabled leave arm , fall off the ammuntion wagon and tumble down the ravine , landing at the bottom with a painful thud . out of breath , he struggle to sit upright , he back against the muddy bank of the ravine . a zulu appear at the top of the ravine . stand on top of the ammunition wagon , he throw he assegai down at the body below . it find it 's target , pierce durnford in the chest . short of breath , he make a vain attempt at remove the weapon but he effort be futile . he draw he last breath and die . 277 . ext . fugitive's ravine . day . coghill , melvill & vereker desperately fight to control they horse scramble down the hazardous rocky terrain - quarry to the pursue relentless zulus behind they . redcoat on foot be overtaken and dispatch with stabbing assegais . 278 . ext . river bank opposite rorke' drift . 65 coghill , melvill &vereker urge they horse onward , gallop into the river . several zulus remain on the bank , shoot rifle and throw assegais into the water . one zulu jump into the water and attempt to swim after they . vereker be the first to reach the opposite bank . the other two have become separate from they horse . vereker be be close by . scramble up the bank , vereker turn to coghill & melvill who be still in the water . vereker for God 's sake , hold they back ! I will get the horse . coghill be the next to reach the bank . he turn back to melvill who be struggle in the water with the colour . coghill it 's alright it 's alright . he help melvill up onto the bank as vereker mount he horse . vereker ride off in pursuit of the other two horse . there be a single rifle shot , which bring vereker be horse to the ground . in the background we see a vast number of zulus engulf coghill & melvill . melvill attempt to fight with he sword but he be overwhelm . there be a awful pierce scream and the two man disappear . 279 . intercut between vereker & group of zulus . vereker lie on the ground , he leave leg trap beneath the body of he horse . he see the zulus take up the colour as they run up to the high ground , revealing coghill & melvill ' S dead body in the foreground . vereker be breathe uneasily . he watch with amazement as the zulus hold the colour aloft mockingly . some zulus be wear they purloin redcoat uniform , they whoop and wail exultantly . vereker take he time . he aim he rifle at the zulu carry the colour . the shot kill the zulu and the colour fall ( slow motion ) down , down into the river . relieved , vereker ' S head fall to the sandy bank . 280 . the colour float into close up . 66 281 . ext . pulleine's camp . isandhlwana . dusk . chelmsford and he escort ride into the camp . the air be full of smoke and the crackle of fire can still be hear . a dead soldier who have be tie to a post and disembowelle be centre screen . the wind begin to howl as camera follow chelmsford into the centre of the camp . he dismount . very slowly he remove he helmet . close up of harford . a solitary tear trickle down he cheek as he survey the area with disbelief . stationary , chelmsford look around he . then very slowly and deliberately he walk forward towards the camera . camera pan to reveal crealock , still on horseback , in the back - ground . he ride into focus . crealock Excuse I , my lorj there ' 5 something I must convey to you . 1 ride a little way along the track to rorke ' 5 drift . the sky above be red with fire ( pause ) . you order , my Lord ? do we move to the drift ? chelmsford do not answer . he continue to walk forward , expressionless . tight close up . chelmsford lower he head , he eye still front . 282 . cross fade to blood red sunset . script be superimpose : the Battle of isandhlwana be record in history as the worst defeat ever inflicted on a modern army by native troops . in parliament , upon the downfall of he government , british Prime Minister , Benjamin disraeli , ask the question : " who be this Zulus , who be this remarkable people who defeat we general , convert we bishop and who on this day have put a end to a great dynasty ? " zulu sing and chant crescendos . the end